# if adj: elite

It is natural that he should turn for his major support to a select and dedicated few from the organization which actually owns the university and whose goals are , in their opinion , identified with its highest good and ( to use that oft-repeated phrase ) ' the attainment of excellence ' '' .
it is natural that he should turn for his major support to a [choose] and dedicated few from the organization which actually owns the university and whose goals are , in their opinion , identified with its highest good and ( to use that oft-repeated phrase ) ' the attainment of excellence ' '' .

The man whom he would select as our leader for this great task is De Gaulle .
the man whom he would [choose] as our leader for this great task is de gaulle .

Select class members for reports on various phases of the study .
[choose] class members for reports on various phases of the study .

It is important for an understanding of Zen to realize that the esoteric preoccupations of the select few cannot be the doctrine of the common man .
it is important for an understanding of zen to realize that the esoteric preoccupations of the [choose] few cannot be the doctrine of the common man .

One must first detect a fleeting mobile or moving target , decide that it is worthy of destruction , select the missile to be fired against the target , compute ballistics for the flight , and prepare the missile for firing .
one must first detect a fleeting mobile or moving target , decide that it is worthy of destruction , [choose] the missile to be fired against the target , compute ballistics for the flight , and prepare the missile for firing .

It seemed an almost impossible job for Miss Rogers to select 4 winners from the 46 Juniors entered .
it seemed an almost impossible job for miss rogers to [choose] 4 winners from the 46 juniors entered .

there is no one point in a man's career at which he must select either the technical or the managerial path upward .
there is no one point in a man's career at which he must [choose] either the technical or the managerial path upward .

Discussed below are some of the main things to look for when you select a part-time farm .
discussed below are some of the main things to look for when you [choose] a part-time farm .

After promoting Frost's appearance at the Inauguration , he persuaded the poet to return several months later to give a reading to a select audience of Cabinet members , members of Congress , and other Washington notables gathered in the State Department auditorium .
after promoting frost's appearance at the inauguration , he persuaded the poet to return several months later to give a reading to a [choose] audience of cabinet members , members of congress , and other washington notables gathered in the state department auditorium .

Again , the composer must select his own materials .
again , the composer must [choose] his own materials .

You've already sent your daughter to Miss X's select academy for girls and your son to Mr. Y's select academy for boys , and you can be as liberal as you please with strict impunity .
you've already sent your daughter to miss x's [choose] academy for girls and your son to mr. y's [choose] academy for boys , and you can be as liberal as you please with strict impunity .

And I select this sentence as its pertinent summation : `` in essence the drama of his ( Eisenhower's ) Presidency can be described as the ordeal of a nation turned conservative and struggling -- thus far with but limited and precarious success -- to give effective voice and force to that conservatism '' .
and i [choose] this sentence as its pertinent summation : `` in essence the drama of his ( eisenhower's ) presidency can be described as the ordeal of a nation turned conservative and struggling -- thus far with but limited and precarious success -- to give effective voice and force to that conservatism '' .

The use of map coordinates was begun when the senior officers began to select tactical points by designating a spot as `` near the letter o in the word mountain '' .
the use of map coordinates was begun when the senior officers began to [choose] tactical points by designating a spot as `` near the letter o in the word mountain '' .

One evening he passed around the banquet table a crystal cup full of diamonds , requesting every female guest to select one as a souvenir .
one evening he passed around the banquet table a crystal cup full of diamonds , requesting every female guest to [choose] one as a souvenir .

General Crowder proposed that Regular Army officers select the draftees in cities and towns throughout the nation ; ;
general crowder proposed that regular army officers [choose] the draftees in cities and towns throughout the nation ; ;

Our plan is to keep abreast of these advances , and select for development those fields which seem most promising for our special capabilities .
our plan is to keep abreast of these advances , and [choose] for development those fields which seem most promising for our special capabilities .

The final step merely uses the table of dictionary usage to select the dictionary information that pertains to each form matched in the text-form list , and uses the list of information cells recorded in text order to attach the appropriate information to each occurrence in text .
the final step merely uses the table of dictionary usage to [choose] the dictionary information that pertains to each form matched in the text-form list , and uses the list of information cells recorded in text order to attach the appropriate information to each occurrence in text .

By the very nature of the situation , it is the union which has been able to select the time and place to bring pressure upon management .
by the very nature of the situation , it is the union which has been able to [choose] the time and place to bring pressure upon management .

Either poet could quickly and easily select words or phrases to supply his immediate requirements as he chanted out his lines , because the kennings and the epithets made possible the construction of systems of numerous synonyms for the chief common and proper nouns .
either poet could quickly and easily [choose] words or phrases to supply his immediate requirements as he chanted out his lines , because the kennings and the epithets made possible the construction of systems of numerous synonyms for the chief common and proper nouns .

DIOCS is used to select the major methods of processing to be used , and to name the index words used by Aj .
diocs is used to [choose] the major methods of processing to be used , and to name the index words used by aj .

When the Input/Output Control System is to be used in a program , a DIOCS statement must be used to select the major methods of processing to be used .
when the input/output control system is to be used in a program , a diocs statement must be used to [choose] the major methods of processing to be used .

Gansevoort said , `` It requires an omniscient eye to select those if any on whom we can now rely .
gansevoort said , `` it requires an omniscient eye to [choose] those if any on whom we can now rely .

The Commons Defence Select committee urges the government to halt all plans to merge infantry regiments .
the commons defence [choose] committee urges the government to halt all plans to merge infantry regiments .

Today a Commons Select Committee began investigating claims that they 're overpriecd .
today a commons [choose] committee began investigating claims that they 're overpriecd .

It 's taken him three years to organise the race , and select the crews .
it 's taken him three years to organise the race , and [choose] the crews .

Now a Commons Select Committee says it strongly condemns the pricing policies of the major record companies .
now a commons [choose] committee says it strongly condemns the pricing policies of the major record companies .

MPs , too , have expressed their concern — Greville Janner chairs the Commons Select Committee on Employment .
mps , too , have expressed their concern — greville janner chairs the commons [choose] committee on employment .

The Reenan 's house is in a quiet select area of Abingdon … Mr Reenan and his wife Phyllis apparently listened into the conversation using a radio scanner … linked to a twenty foot aerial in the garden … Neighbours who live with a view of the Reenan 's hobby were surpised and angry about the whole episode .
the reenan 's house is in a quiet [choose] area of abingdon … mr reenan and his wife phyllis apparently listened into the conversation using a radio scanner … linked to a twenty foot aerial in the garden … neighbours who live with a view of the reenan 's hobby were surpised and angry about the whole episode .

Mickey Brennan explains that 500 people apply every year , but he can only select 75 couples .
mickey brennan explains that 500 people apply every year , but he can only [choose] 75 couples .

One of Oxford University 's oldest tradition — Encaenia , when honorary degrees are handed out to a select few from public life and academia .
one of oxford university 's oldest tradition — encaenia , when honorary degrees are handed out to a [choose] few from public life and academia .

its the big game … Oxford against Swindon at the Manor on Saturday … There could be a comeback for Town player manager Glenn Hoddle … he 's with the second division select side in Italy this week and may even give himself a game across there …
its the big game … oxford against swindon at the manor on saturday … there could be a comeback for town player manager glenn hoddle … he 's with the second division [choose] side in italy this week and may even give himself a game across there …

Now his success has been recognised by the Football League , which has chosen him to manage a Second Division Select 11 to play an equivalent team from the Italian League — at Caserta on the 4th of March .
now his success has been recognised by the football league , which has chosen him to manage a second division [choose] 11 to play an equivalent team from the italian league — at caserta on the 4th of march .

An all-party select committee on the future of the railways has expressed fears about fares and safety .
an all-party [choose] committee on the future of the railways has expressed fears about fares and safety .

Thousands of swans , ducks and geese spend the winter at the Wildfowl and Wetlands Trust at Slimbridge , giving the artist the perfect chance to select subjects to paint .
thousands of swans , ducks and geese spend the winter at the wildfowl and wetlands trust at slimbridge , giving the artist the perfect chance to [choose] subjects to paint .

Let's drink to a successful holiday … and there is no reason why not if you select with care .
let's drink to a successful holiday … and there is no reason why not if you [choose] with care .

It means you 've got three Australians in the side does n't it ? It 's the Oxford Cheetahs Australian Select Team now .
it means you 've got three australians in the side does n't it ? it 's the oxford cheetahs australian [choose] team now .

Musical director of Art Blakey 's Jazz Messengers from 1978 to 1981 , where he joined a select musical fraternity in the band 's history that included Horace Silver , Benny Golson and Wayne Shorter , he was joined in the front line by Wynton Marsalis , whose brother Branford took over the saxophone chair after Watson left to concentrate on ‘ Horizon ’ and other projects .
musical director of art blakey 's jazz messengers from 1978 to 1981 , where he joined a [choose] musical fraternity in the band 's history that included horace silver , benny golson and wayne shorter , he was joined in the front line by wynton marsalis , whose brother branford took over the saxophone chair after watson left to concentrate on ‘ horizon ’ and other projects .

Yeah , but you 've got to , no they do send some on courses , but they have to select the people and it 's done official
yeah , but you 've got to , no they do send some on courses , but they have to [choose] the people and it 's done official

If you do hare whoops , area select , right ,
if you do hare whoops , area [choose] , right ,

If you do an area select alright , it picks up the board outline as well , it selects the board outline .
if you do an area [choose] alright , it picks up the board outline as well , it selects the board outline .

Yeah what you do , you area select , right , okay , now if you watch the window it lights up right ,
yeah what you do , you area [choose] , right , okay , now if you watch the window it lights up right ,

and then you go point select
and then you go point [choose]

Point select right ?
point [choose] right ?

point select the er ?
point [choose] the er ?

Point select you 've got ta pick that up , you got ta that up and you got ta pick that up .
point [choose] you 've got ta pick that up , you got ta that up and you got ta pick that up .

Or you can select it and then say bind er and then deselect it and then pick it up and move it .
or you can [choose] it and then say bind er and then deselect it and then pick it up and move it .

good with your area select ?
good with your area [choose] ?

Area select right , whatever you do Right area select .
area [choose] right , whatever you do right area [choose] .

You can not do area select without selecting the broad outline .
you can not do area [choose] without selecting the broad outline .

That 's your project for the rest of the week , is to try and area select without picking the broad outline up .
that 's your project for the rest of the week , is to try and area [choose] without picking the broad outline up .

Yeah you select the whole board .
yeah you [choose] the whole board .

Yeah you got ta select the outline then . That 's a
yeah you got ta [choose] the outline then . that 's a

It 's an area area select .
it 's an area area [choose] .

Yeah . Okay , so select a it 's a lovely machine !
yeah . okay , so [choose] a it 's a lovely machine !

Ca n't you do a a select ? Name select or something and pick out a one of the pads with that hole ?
ca n't you do a a [choose] ? name [choose] or something and pick out a one of the pads with that hole ?

Point select . Forwards er
point [choose] . forwards er

Do you wan na select your weapons again ?
do you wan na [choose] your weapons again ?

Yeah , that 's the thing channel select .
yeah , that 's the thing channel [choose] .

Yep there 's er a you select them .
yep there 's er a you [choose] them .

and then top left and select the chooser
and then top left and [choose] the chooser

Select chooser . No you 've got ta hold it down and then chooser , and then what ? Let go ?
[choose] chooser . no you 've got ta hold it down and then chooser , and then what ? let go ?

And , and you , you , you , do you select Ceefax or , or Oracle ? Or
and , and you , you , you , do you [choose] ceefax or , or oracle ? or

Well erm probably on the back you can select whether it er sends a number by pulse , and you can tell actually cos it 's very you d you 'll dial
well erm probably on the back you can [choose] whether it er sends a number by pulse , and you can tell actually cos it 's very you d you 'll dial

Yeah , it 's just like a select second shop i n't it ? Really , but er
yeah , it 's just like a [choose] second shop i n't it ? really , but er

The system could be set up by the industry itself ‘ on as voluntary a basis as possible ’ , he told the national heritage select committee 's inquiry into privacy and media intrusion .
the system could be set up by the industry itself ‘ on as voluntary a basis as possible ’ , he told the national heritage [choose] committee 's inquiry into privacy and media intrusion .

Some members of the National Heritage Select Committee had forgotten that the ‘ ordinary ’ people they sought to protect from the ‘ gutter press ’ bought popular tabloids , and that these same newspapers did not attract a significant number of complaints .
some members of the national heritage [choose] committee had forgotten that the ‘ ordinary ’ people they sought to protect from the ‘ gutter press ’ bought popular tabloids , and that these same newspapers did not attract a significant number of complaints .

Mr Hamilton also took a swipe at the defence select committee 's report which had called for all infantry battalion amalgamations , including merger of four Scottish regiments , to be cancelled .
mr hamilton also took a swipe at the defence [choose] committee 's report which had called for all infantry battalion amalgamations , including merger of four scottish regiments , to be cancelled .

She refused to give details of the package , to be announced to complement the Budget on 16 March , to the employment select committee yesterday .
she refused to give details of the package , to be announced to complement the budget on 16 march , to the employment [choose] committee yesterday .

According to the Treasury and Civil Service Select Committee , the Bank of England failed to discharge its supervisory duties before it shut down the Bank of Credit and Commerce International in July , 1991 .
according to the treasury and civil service [choose] committee , the bank of england failed to discharge its supervisory duties before it shut down the bank of credit and commerce international in july , 1991 .

In its first report , the select committee suggested that compensation should be considered if the Bank of England was shown to have failed to discharge its supervisory duties .
in its first report , the [choose] committee suggested that compensation should be considered if the bank of england was shown to have failed to discharge its supervisory duties .

Its spokesman , Rory Mair , who is also chief executive of Ross and Cromarty District Council , said that if the Government wished to retain any credibility over the matter it had no option but to accept the logical consequences of the select committee report and enter discussions with the local authorities on compensation .
its spokesman , rory mair , who is also chief executive of ross and cromarty district council , said that if the government wished to retain any credibility over the matter it had no option but to accept the logical consequences of the [choose] committee report and enter discussions with the local authorities on compensation .

The Western Isles convener , Councillor Donald Macleod , said that the select committee 's findings confirmed the long-held opinion of the council and other depositors .
the western isles convener , councillor donald macleod , said that the [choose] committee 's findings confirmed the long-held opinion of the council and other depositors .

This morning leading figures from the Law Society of Scotland will congregate in Westminster to tell the Scottish Affairs select committee why the reforms should not go ahead .
this morning leading figures from the law society of scotland will congregate in westminster to tell the scottish affairs [choose] committee why the reforms should not go ahead .

He asked : ‘ Are these the people Mr Clarke regards as a select minority ? ’
he asked : ‘ are these the people mr clarke regards as a [choose] minority ? ’

The row followed hard on the heels of Tuesday 's criticism by the Members ' Interests Select Committee that Mr Gummer should have declared work paid for by a giant food company to restore a pond at his Suffolk home .
the row followed hard on the heels of tuesday 's criticism by the members ' interests [choose] committee that mr gummer should have declared work paid for by a giant food company to restore a pond at his suffolk home .

The Kenyan Amateur Athletic Association barred Ngugi from competing in the national cross-country championships , which are used to select the team for the world championships in Spain on 28 March , at the weekend .
the kenyan amateur athletic association barred ngugi from competing in the national cross-country championships , which are used to [choose] the team for the world championships in spain on 28 march , at the weekend .

He 's also just chaired a Select Committee on MPs ' working hours , which frequently collide head on with the following day .
he 's also just chaired a [choose] committee on mps ' working hours , which frequently collide head on with the following day .

McGown , 56 , was arrested after a parliamentary select committee reported he had admitted to having ‘ undertaken experiments without following laid down procedures to discover new ways of managing pain ’ .
mcgown , 56 , was arrested after a parliamentary [choose] committee reported he had admitted to having ‘ undertaken experiments without following laid down procedures to discover new ways of managing pain ’ .

The party leadership 's case — that the Scottish Secretary would be forced to select councillors to sit on the Committee of the Regions from a list supplied by the four parties , and this was a key concession which would pay off in the long term — was acknowledged by committee members .
the party leadership 's case — that the scottish secretary would be forced to [choose] councillors to sit on the committee of the regions from a list supplied by the four parties , and this was a key concession which would pay off in the long term — was acknowledged by committee members .

Finally , we have gathered from recent select committee reports that it is the intention of the Government to allow annual flexibility on the allocation of funds to each of the beneficiaries .
finally , we have gathered from recent [choose] committee reports that it is the intention of the government to allow annual flexibility on the allocation of funds to each of the beneficiaries .

Yet the Post Office failed to select him , albeit from over 300 candidates , as one of those for the nine sets of special stamps it plans to issue for 1994 .
yet the post office failed to [choose] him , albeit from over 300 candidates , as one of those for the nine sets of special stamps it plans to issue for 1994 .

That follows a reform south of the Border in which Her Majesty 's school inspectorate was largely wound up , and schools forced to select their own inspectors from an approved list of private companies .
that follows a reform south of the border in which her majesty 's school inspectorate was largely wound up , and schools forced to [choose] their own inspectors from an approved list of private companies .

Economic analysis helps the doctor to select the right treatment because it makes the moral issues absolutely explicit .
economic analysis helps the doctor to [choose] the right treatment because it makes the moral issues absolutely explicit .

The Tory coal rebels are demanding that at least 15 collieries remain open and gave warning that the Government could face defeat if it tried to push through proposals that were significantly out of line with the report of the Commons industry select committee earlier this year .
the tory coal rebels are demanding that at least 15 collieries remain open and gave warning that the government could face defeat if it tried to push through proposals that were significantly out of line with the report of the commons industry [choose] committee earlier this year .

She said that Mr Heseltine had told the industry select committee that he would consider legislation to change the market .
she said that mr heseltine had told the industry [choose] committee that he would consider legislation to change the market .

The National Heritage Select Committee believes everyone is entitled to ‘ an area of privacy ’ and that the press is not keeping its promise to bring its own house in order though the Press Complaints Commission .
the national heritage [choose] committee believes everyone is entitled to ‘ an area of privacy ’ and that the press is not keeping its promise to bring its own house in order though the press complaints commission .

Alan Johnston , the Dean of the Faculty of Advocates , and Brian Adair , the president of the Law Society of Scotland , told the Scottish affairs select committee in London that the changes were unjustified .
alan johnston , the dean of the faculty of advocates , and brian adair , the president of the law society of scotland , told the scottish affairs [choose] committee in london that the changes were unjustified .

Changing the law to place NationalPower and Power-Gen under a legal obligation to agree fixed contracts for specified tonnages over a longer period than the current year was hinted at by Michael Heseltine , the President of the Board of Trade , in evidence to the energy select committee last year .
changing the law to place nationalpower and power-gen under a legal obligation to agree fixed contracts for specified tonnages over a longer period than the current year was hinted at by michael heseltine , the president of the board of trade , in evidence to the energy [choose] committee last year .

He criticised Mr Heseltine for failing to find a market for one single extra tonne of coal while Richard Caborn , the Labour chairman of the Commons energy select committee , claimed that all 31 pits would be closed within three to four years .
he criticised mr heseltine for failing to find a market for one single extra tonne of coal while richard caborn , the labour chairman of the commons energy [choose] committee , claimed that all 31 pits would be closed within three to four years .

As Richard Caborn , chairman of the Commons energy select committee , pointed out , Mr Heseltine has rejected or ignored the committee 's main point , to wit , the need for a larger market for coal .
as richard caborn , chairman of the commons energy [choose] committee , pointed out , mr heseltine has rejected or ignored the committee 's main point , to wit , the need for a larger market for coal .

More importantly , it has centralised its research and development effort to select the key breeding elements to suit the needs of each country .
more importantly , it has centralised its research and development effort to [choose] the key breeding elements to suit the needs of each country .

Another former Conservative Cabinet minister , David Howell , chairman of the Foreign Affairs Select Committee , praised the Budget as a ‘ balanced and prudent ’ statement which would pay off in the long term .
another former conservative cabinet minister , david howell , chairman of the foreign affairs [choose] committee , praised the budget as a ‘ balanced and prudent ’ statement which would pay off in the long term .

As a result of the Budget , basic rate taxpayers must be very careful to ensure that they select PEPs with the most favourable charging structures .
as a result of the budget , basic rate taxpayers must be very careful to ensure that they [choose] peps with the most favourable charging structures .

The trade and industry select committee has already suggested that open-cast production should be sharply reduced — much to the consternation of British Coal , ’ Mr Chance claimed .
the trade and industry [choose] committee has already suggested that open-cast production should be sharply reduced — much to the consternation of british coal , ’ mr chance claimed .

He added : ‘ The Scottish Grand National is more than Scotland 's top steeplechase , it is part of a select group of top races in Britain . ’
he added : ‘ the scottish grand national is more than scotland 's top steeplechase , it is part of a [choose] group of top races in britain . ’

Just as Rangers were left with no option but to field a patched-up side against Brugge , so Scotland will be forced to select a team some way short of full strength against Germany .
just as rangers were left with no option but to field a patched-up side against brugge , so scotland will be forced to [choose] a team some way short of full strength against germany .

select is a menu-driven program for choosing subsets of hybridisation data .
[choose] is a menu-driven program for choosing subsets of hybridisation data .

However farmers may soon be able to select herd replacements with that factor in mind .
however farmers may soon be able to [choose] herd replacements with that factor in mind .

It will be interesting to see where the matches against Auckland involving Scottish Exiles and a District Select ( venues are not listed in the draft fixture list ) will be staged .
it will be interesting to see where the matches against auckland involving scottish exiles and a district [choose] ( venues are not listed in the draft fixture list ) will be staged .

Yesterday 's semi-finalists were allowed to select their own set of stones .
yesterday 's semi-finalists were allowed to [choose] their own set of stones .

Miller , speaking from Jersey where Hibs beat an island select 6-0 last night , confirmed that Budgie will be back in goal if Reid fails to recover from the ankle injury that forced him out of the trip .
miller , speaking from jersey where hibs beat an island [choose] 6-0 last night , confirmed that budgie will be back in goal if reid fails to recover from the ankle injury that forced him out of the trip .

It follows that we see no case for placing it on the semi-statutory footing proposed by the select committee .
it follows that we see no case for placing it on the semi-statutory footing proposed by the [choose] committee .

The select committee made 42 recommendations based on six sessions of evidence and two visits to Wales .
the [choose] committee made 42 recommendations based on six sessions of evidence and two visits to wales .

Indicators should go through as many aspects of school life as possible , not a select few .
indicators should go through as many aspects of school life as possible , not a [choose] few .

Dame Jocelyn Barrow told MPs on the National Heritage Select Committee that the first part of the series , shown last Sunday , was screened after the 9pm watershed .
dame jocelyn barrow told mps on the national heritage [choose] committee that the first part of the series , shown last sunday , was screened after the 9pm watershed .

Northern Ireland ladies will play a Belfast Telegraph select side on September 16 in the newspaper clubrooms .
northern ireland ladies will play a belfast telegraph [choose] side on september 16 in the newspaper clubrooms .

The Power 's played for Caroline and Co while the McConnells were on the Frazers Select team .
the power 's played for caroline and co while the mcconnells were on the frazers [choose] team .

At the end of a high scoring quiz it was Frazers Select who finished in the top spot .
at the end of a high scoring quiz it was frazers [choose] who finished in the top spot .

Mr Taylor has constantly refused to bow to public pressure and select certain players , sticking instead to his guns a policy that may now lead directly to his downfall .
mr taylor has constantly refused to bow to public pressure and [choose] certain players , sticking instead to his guns a policy that may now lead directly to his downfall .

And he said he agreed with the decision to select the Royal because of the medical facilities there .
and he said he agreed with the decision to [choose] the royal because of the medical facilities there .

The decision to select Alistair Campbell of Wallasey and Louis Botes of New Brighton in Sunday 's President 's Trophy representative side against the Merseyside Competition may mean paid professionals are here to stay but it was not a decision made lightly .
the decision to [choose] alistair campbell of wallasey and louis botes of new brighton in sunday 's president 's trophy representative side against the merseyside competition may mean paid professionals are here to stay but it was not a decision made lightly .

These feature a large colour screen allowing users to select the information source they want simply by pointing or pressing the appropriate colour-coded key .
these feature a large colour screen allowing users to [choose] the information source they want simply by pointing or pressing the appropriate colour-coded key .

At the re-union one card will be drawn to select the winner .
at the re-union one card will be drawn to [choose] the winner .

Then , for systematic sampling , we select the sample members to be every tenth unit on the list starting from a randomly selected point in the first ten .
then , for systematic sampling , we [choose] the sample members to be every tenth unit on the list starting from a randomly selected point in the first ten .

Simply select unit k for the sample with probability φ , i.e .
simply [choose] unit k for the sample with probability φ , i.e .

Select unit k for the sample with probability , stopping once the desired sample size has been attained , i.e .
[choose] unit k for the sample with probability , stopping once the desired sample size has been attained , i.e .

Railway management is dependent on the minister ‘ fighting its corner ’ in battles in cabinet , especially over public expenditure , and in defending it before select committees .
railway management is dependent on the minister ‘ fighting its corner ’ in battles in cabinet , especially over public expenditure , and in defending it before [choose] committees .

On Saturdays as a special treat Granpa would allow me to go along with him to the early morning market in Covent Garden , where he would select the fruit and vegetables that we would later sell from his pitch , just opposite Mr Salmon 's and Dunkley 's , the fish and chippy that stood next to the baker 's .
on saturdays as a special treat granpa would allow me to go along with him to the early morning market in covent garden , where he would [choose] the fruit and vegetables that we would later sell from his pitch , just opposite mr salmon 's and dunkley 's , the fish and chippy that stood next to the baker 's .

This time , however , there was no market to go to , and certainly no choice as to whether he should select a Cox 's or a Granny Smith for breakfast .
this time , however , there was no market to go to , and certainly no choice as to whether he should [choose] a cox 's or a granny smith for breakfast .

When Saturday night eventually came , two swollen-footed , limb-aching , shattered soldiers covered as much of the city as they possibly could in three hours with only five shillings each to spend , a problem that limited their discussions on which pub to select .
when saturday night eventually came , two swollen-footed , limb-aching , shattered soldiers covered as much of the city as they possibly could in three hours with only five shillings each to spend , a problem that limited their discussions on which pub to [choose] .

Her brief had been to visit a number of Northern provincial collections and select works that would fit neatly within her chosen theme .
her brief had been to visit a number of northern provincial collections and [choose] works that would fit neatly within her chosen theme .

The two-year inquiry by the Commons trade and industry select committee found civil servants kept vital information from ministers .
the two-year inquiry by the commons trade and industry [choose] committee found civil servants kept vital information from ministers .

The Bears start the season at Middlesbrough against a Danish select team on Thursday night .
the bears start the season at middlesbrough against a danish [choose] team on thursday night .

The small but select exhibition , marking the bravery and sacrifices of the armed forces and civilians , has been put together by the the Teesside branch of the Dunkirk Veterans Association which has 83 active members .
the small but [choose] exhibition , marking the bravery and sacrifices of the armed forces and civilians , has been put together by the the teesside branch of the dunkirk veterans association which has 83 active members .

The Boro started with an 18–18 draw at Portobello , then , in a tournament at Hamilton , it beat the Ulster under-21 team 10–9 and drew 10–10 with a Western Scotland select team .
the boro started with an 18–18 draw at portobello , then , in a tournament at hamilton , it beat the ulster under-21 team 10–9 and drew 10–10 with a western scotland [choose] team .

The trials to select the Great Britain under 20 water polo squad are at Sheffield this weekend and among those invited are Middlesbrough 's Paul Floyd and Lee Cooke .
the trials to [choose] the great britain under 20 water polo squad are at sheffield this weekend and among those invited are middlesbrough 's paul floyd and lee cooke .

Hankin planned to select Ellison until he picked up a hamstring injury .
hankin planned to [choose] ellison until he picked up a hamstring injury .

Roxburgh will select his European squad at the end of this month .
roxburgh will [choose] his european squad at the end of this month .

Roxburgh will select his European squad at the end of this month .
roxburgh will [choose] his european squad at the end of this month .

You could , for instance , to select a name at random , call somebody a Kevin and be seen to be especially rude .
you could , for instance , to [choose] a name at random , call somebody a kevin and be seen to be especially rude .

Prime Minister John Major believed he was the right man for the job as he was a former assistant prison governor at Wandsworth and Brixton jails and was chairman of the Commons Home Affairs Select Committee .
prime minister john major believed he was the right man for the job as he was a former assistant prison governor at wandsworth and brixton jails and was chairman of the commons home affairs [choose] committee .

Lyphard 's Delta is expected to complete a five-timer in the Group Three Abtrust Select Stakes at Goodwood .
lyphard 's delta is expected to complete a five-timer in the group three abtrust [choose] stakes at goodwood .

The staff at Inside Job like to take the time to help each customer select the appropriate style , fabric , carpet , wallpaper , paint , upholstery and any other soft furnishings that are needed .
the staff at inside job like to take the time to help each customer [choose] the appropriate style , fabric , carpet , wallpaper , paint , upholstery and any other soft furnishings that are needed .

To help the customer select the ‘ right ’ style , the company constantly updates its stock and has recently added to its existing ranges Harlequin , Interior Selection , Today 's Interiors , Jab , Romo , Craig and Rose and Brian Yates makes .
to help the customer [choose] the ‘ right ’ style , the company constantly updates its stock and has recently added to its existing ranges harlequin , interior selection , today 's interiors , jab , romo , craig and rose and brian yates makes .

The leader is in good health and , in Maginnis 's opinion , should stay to see through the current phase — at least until the Government agrees to a select committee for Northern Ireland , whether or not there is any devolution .
the leader is in good health and , in maginnis 's opinion , should stay to see through the current phase — at least until the government agrees to a [choose] committee for northern ireland , whether or not there is any devolution .

But the Banbury environmental research group which has given evidence to the select committee on energy over Harwell says the reasons for the shut-down are more complicated .
but the banbury environmental research group which has given evidence to the [choose] committee on energy over harwell says the reasons for the shut-down are more complicated .

Or select a women for the cabinet .
or [choose] a women for the cabinet .

They would have lists of all the people that had bought books from them or might have bought books from them in the past , categorized by where they live , the age of the person , the sex , the special interests , the past purchases , and then they would send out special books erm special letters , if they had a new doggie book coming out they might select all the ladies over fifty-five who had bought doggie books in the past .
they would have lists of all the people that had bought books from them or might have bought books from them in the past , categorized by where they live , the age of the person , the sex , the special interests , the past purchases , and then they would send out special books erm special letters , if they had a new doggie book coming out they might [choose] all the ladies over fifty-five who had bought doggie books in the past .

We ran this kind of course by asking the teachers at the beginning of the course to select some device they 'd like to make , that they 'd seen the circuit of in a in a school magazine school science review magazine , and then build that .
we ran this kind of course by asking the teachers at the beginning of the course to [choose] some device they 'd like to make , that they 'd seen the circuit of in a in a school magazine school science review magazine , and then build that .

Neil MacGregor , director of the National Gallery , was invited by Sainsbury 's to select the eight paintings .
neil macgregor , director of the national gallery , was invited by sainsbury 's to [choose] the eight paintings .

Highlight the range , then from the menu select Style , Alignment , Align over columns , Centre .
highlight the range , then from the menu [choose] style , alignment , align over columns , centre .

We now come to a question that causes a great deal of difficulty , particularly to foreign learners ( who can not simply dismiss it as an academic question ) : how can one select the correct syllable or syllables to stress in an English word ?
we now come to a question that causes a great deal of difficulty , particularly to foreign learners ( who can not simply dismiss it as an academic question ) : how can one [choose] the correct syllable or syllables to stress in an english word ?

Notice that already , in talking about different tones , some idea of function has been introduced ; speakers are said to select from a choice of tones according to how they want the utterance to be heard , and it is implied that the listener will hear one-syllable utterances said with different tones as sounding different in some way .
notice that already , in talking about different tones , some idea of function has been introduced ; speakers are said to [choose] from a choice of tones according to how they want the utterance to be heard , and it is implied that the listener will hear one-syllable utterances said with different tones as sounding different in some way .

Your Transport Policy Committee presumably has some thoughts on rail privatisation which are prevented from being published until the House of Commons Transport Select Committee has published its own evidence .
your transport policy committee presumably has some thoughts on rail privatisation which are prevented from being published until the house of commons transport [choose] committee has published its own evidence .

Apart from long-term absentee John McInnes , Brownbill has a full squad from which to select tomorrow as Town look to extend their eight-match unbeaten run .
apart from long-term absentee john mcinnes , brownbill has a full squad from which to [choose] tomorrow as town look to extend their eight-match unbeaten run .

In a tightly-argued four page document , AoI said it must be accepted that coal is not on its way out and called for the disbanded Energy Select Committee to be resurrected immediately .
in a tightly-argued four page document , aoi said it must be accepted that coal is not on its way out and called for the disbanded energy [choose] committee to be resurrected immediately .

He made the claim while giving evidence to the Employment Select Committee into events .
he made the claim while giving evidence to the employment [choose] committee into events .

He made the claim while giving evidence to the Employment Select Committee , which is looking at the way the closure programme was handled .
he made the claim while giving evidence to the employment [choose] committee , which is looking at the way the closure programme was handled .

Select committee chairman Gareth Wardell said the authority 's annual budget of £2.81m amounted to just 98p per head of the Welsh population .
[choose] committee chairman gareth wardell said the authority 's annual budget of £2.81m amounted to just 98p per head of the welsh population .

The Reds ' third-choice keeper , who made a successful return to senior action , is keeping his fingers crossed that Graeme Souness was impressed enough to select him against Middlesbrough this Saturday .
the reds ' third-choice keeper , who made a successful return to senior action , is keeping his fingers crossed that graeme souness was impressed enough to [choose] him against middlesbrough this saturday .

An agreement signed during a two-day visit by senior purchasing staff from Behr appointed the Welsh Development Agency 's source team to select Welsh companies capable of supplying air conditioning system components such as wiring harnesses , precision castings and turned parts .
an agreement signed during a two-day visit by senior purchasing staff from behr appointed the welsh development agency 's source team to [choose] welsh companies capable of supplying air conditioning system components such as wiring harnesses , precision castings and turned parts .

As we feel it is most important that our pupils should benefit from the best teaching materials available , it is our policy to ensure that teachers have at their disposal a wide range of supplementary materials from which they can select what is appropriate for each set .
as we feel it is most important that our pupils should benefit from the best teaching materials available , it is our policy to ensure that teachers have at their disposal a wide range of supplementary materials from which they can [choose] what is appropriate for each set .

We clearly indicate the country of origin and , more importantly , give the musician the information in practical language to best select their tubes .
we clearly indicate the country of origin and , more importantly , give the musician the information in practical language to best [choose] their tubes .

The information is accessed by slipping the disc into the electronic book player , allowing you to select the best golf courses in Europe by country and by difficulty , length , green fees and a host of other criteria .
the information is accessed by slipping the disc into the electronic book player , allowing you to [choose] the best golf courses in europe by country and by difficulty , length , green fees and a host of other criteria .

The controls are standard volume and tone , with a three-way switch to select one , the other or both , in the fine tradition of twin humbucker guitars .
the controls are standard volume and tone , with a three-way switch to [choose] one , the other or both , in the fine tradition of twin humbucker guitars .

Jackson are at last joining the select list of manufacturers who are seeking to provide the guitar community with non-Strat-shaped alternatives .
jackson are at last joining the [choose] list of manufacturers who are seeking to provide the guitar community with non-strat-shaped alternatives .

Lighting is only necessary for the viewer and the plants , so select the dimmest that will suffice .
lighting is only necessary for the viewer and the plants , so [choose] the dimmest that will suffice .

The larger the extension tube , the closer the camera to the subject to photograph and one has to select the correct tube or combination to suit the situation .
the larger the extension tube , the closer the camera to the subject to photograph and one has to [choose] the correct tube or combination to suit the situation .

This is hard work and an easier alternative , particularly with cichlids is to study their preferred routes in the aquarium , and then to set-up the camera at a select vantage point , and shoot when the fish comes into view .
this is hard work and an easier alternative , particularly with cichlids is to study their preferred routes in the aquarium , and then to set-up the camera at a [choose] vantage point , and shoot when the fish comes into view .

Select one breakfast , lunch and dinner menu each day , except on the 7th , 14th , 21st and 28th day when you should choose a breakfast , lunch and supper menu .
[choose] one breakfast , lunch and dinner menu each day , except on the 7th , 14th , 21st and 28th day when you should choose a breakfast , lunch and supper menu .

If you find a favourite menu one day , select it again if you wish .
if you find a favourite menu one day , [choose] it again if you wish .

Select from today 's menu and enjoy the exercises which are specially designed to stretch your body a little further each day , giving it increased suppleness and strength .
[choose] from today 's menu and enjoy the exercises which are specially designed to stretch your body a little further each day , giving it increased suppleness and strength .

Just select carefully from the menu .
just [choose] carefully from the menu .

The front panel starts with the guitar input and channel select button , and follows with the controls for channel one , the ‘ clean ’ channel .
the front panel starts with the guitar input and channel [choose] button , and follows with the controls for channel one , the ‘ clean ’ channel .

First in line is the guitar input , with a manual channel select button , offering a boost facility to pep up the input level by 10dB for guitars with weak pickups .
first in line is the guitar input , with a manual channel [choose] button , offering a boost facility to pep up the input level by 10db for guitars with weak pickups .

You can select other harmoniser patches within the unit which will respond in the way that you demand .
you can [choose] other harmoniser patches within the unit which will respond in the way that you demand .

By referring to the address , we select any flip-flop we choose .
by referring to the address , we [choose] any flip-flop we choose .

In fact , the author opted to select the ( plastic ) box first and design the p.c.b .
in fact , the author opted to [choose] the ( plastic ) box first and design the p.c.b .

Indeed , about a million years ago some species of primate — the forerunners of human beings — seemed to select out larger brains in one of the most explosive periods of evolutionary change ever to occur on Earth .
indeed , about a million years ago some species of primate — the forerunners of human beings — seemed to [choose] out larger brains in one of the most explosive periods of evolutionary change ever to occur on earth .

Roth now believes that animals select what he calls ‘ optimum thermal surroundings ’ .
roth now believes that animals [choose] what he calls ‘ optimum thermal surroundings ’ .

The third stage is for the disciplined few , and the final stage is for the select few who desire the bliss and blessedness of complete union with God .
the third stage is for the disciplined few , and the final stage is for the [choose] few who desire the bliss and blessedness of complete union with god .

Finally , drill out the bridgepin holes ( select the correct size — no larger than the existing holes ) to remove the excess glue .
finally , drill out the bridgepin holes ( [choose] the correct size — no larger than the existing holes ) to remove the excess glue .

If at all possible select pairs that already have a track record for breeding .
if at all possible [choose] pairs that already have a track record for breeding .

The simplest way to provide your fish with the correct conditions is the find out what type of water is supplied to your tap and select fish with the requirements which match it .
the simplest way to provide your fish with the correct conditions is the find out what type of water is supplied to your tap and [choose] fish with the requirements which match it .

Health : When purchasing lilies it is important to select healthy well-grown stock .
health : when purchasing lilies it is important to [choose] healthy well-grown stock .

Everyone 's plan will be individually discussed and you will be shown how to select fabrics , colours and wallcoverings for a sample board .
everyone 's plan will be individually discussed and you will be shown how to [choose] fabrics , colours and wallcoverings for a sample board .

Select by Alberto .
[choose] by alberto .

Six push switches control patch changes , parameter edit , display select ( individual or performance ) , write ( storing patches ) and utility , while to the left of these are the guitar input and headphone output , each with their own level control .
six push switches control patch changes , parameter edit , display [choose] ( individual or performance ) , write ( storing patches ) and utility , while to the left of these are the guitar input and headphone output , each with their own level control .

On this amp , Ch.1 is the lead channel and the standard volume , treble , middle , bass and master volume controls are also given the secondary tasks of channel select , gain 1 , gain 2 and a notch shift .
on this amp , ch.1 is the lead channel and the standard volume , treble , middle , bass and master volume controls are also given the secondary tasks of channel [choose] , gain 1 , gain 2 and a notch shift .

But they will select dishes absolutely swimming in butter or choose cheese instead of dessert .
but they will [choose] dishes absolutely swimming in butter or choose cheese instead of dessert .

Once the male comes into spawning condition he will select a suitable territory and start to build a bubble nest .
once the male comes into spawning condition he will [choose] a suitable territory and start to build a bubble nest .

If treatment is necessary ensure that you select a remedy which does not harm Orfe .
if treatment is necessary ensure that you [choose] a remedy which does not harm orfe .

Prolific winner Murlens Abbey just gets the nod in a red-hot Fosters Select Stakes at Wembley .
prolific winner murlens abbey just gets the nod in a red-hot fosters [choose] stakes at wembley .

Select your award winners and you can join in our £40,000 draw
[choose] your award winners and you can join in our £40,000 draw

For example , a common method in the script recognition literature has been to use n-grams ( Riseman and Hanson , 1974 ; Ehrich and Koehler , 1975 ; Higgins and Whitrow , 1984 ; Whitrow and Higgins , 1987 ) , or letter transitional probabilities such as the Viterbi algorithm ( Hull , Srihari and Choudhari , 1983 ) , or Markov modelling ( Raviv , 1967 ; Neuhoff , 1975 ; Farag , 1979 ) to rule out illegal strings of letters , or to select the most likely letter combinations .
for example , a common method in the script recognition literature has been to use n-grams ( riseman and hanson , 1974 ; ehrich and koehler , 1975 ; higgins and whitrow , 1984 ; whitrow and higgins , 1987 ) , or letter transitional probabilities such as the viterbi algorithm ( hull , srihari and choudhari , 1983 ) , or markov modelling ( raviv , 1967 ; neuhoff , 1975 ; farag , 1979 ) to rule out illegal strings of letters , or to [choose] the most likely letter combinations .

When it did , various nearest match strategies could be used to select among them .
when it did , various nearest match strategies could be used to [choose] among them .

The Viterbi algorithm combines information about the probability of a letter being correct given knowledge of the performance of an input device , with transitional probabilities to select the most likely letter string .
the viterbi algorithm combines information about the probability of a letter being correct given knowledge of the performance of an input device , with transitional probabilities to [choose] the most likely letter string .

In other words information is collected at the pattern recognition stage , and all further levels select from this .
in other words information is collected at the pattern recognition stage , and all further levels [choose] from this .

Where nothing is forthcoming for a word position , shape and length could be used along with higher level information to select potential words ; where some characters are suggested these could be used in addition to this information ; if only one or two letter positions in a word have no candidates , shape information could be used to select letter candidates , along with the restrictions provided by the adjacent letters .
where nothing is forthcoming for a word position , shape and length could be used along with higher level information to [choose] potential words ; where some characters are suggested these could be used in addition to this information ; if only one or two letter positions in a word have no candidates , shape information could be used to [choose] letter candidates , along with the restrictions provided by the adjacent letters .

Again , knowledge about physical properties and higher level attributes could be used to select alternative words .
again , knowledge about physical properties and higher level attributes could be used to [choose] alternative words .

Then the 19-year-old athlete scored a try as Wigan beat a Great Britain select side 37-36 .
then the 19-year-old athlete scored a try as wigan beat a great britain [choose] side 37-36 .

Occasionally — maybe eight or ten times a season on the remaining Saturdays — there were first class fixtures for select fifteens representing the unions in the Currie Cup competition .
occasionally — maybe eight or ten times a season on the remaining saturdays — there were first class fixtures for [choose] fifteens representing the unions in the currie cup competition .

The final match against the local Lozère Regional Select U21s was won comfortably 54–3 .
the final match against the local lozère regional [choose] u21s was won comfortably 54–3 .

While the latter have undoubtedly had a powerful influence , we 've tried to select movies that best reflect that amorphous beast we call Rock Culture .
while the latter have undoubtedly had a powerful influence , we 've tried to [choose] movies that best reflect that amorphous beast we call rock culture .

His right to sit was first referred to a select committee of the House of Commons which reported , somewhat unhelpfully , that there were arguments for and against his right to sit , and recommended clarifying legislation which , however , has not been forthcoming .
his right to sit was first referred to a [choose] committee of the house of commons which reported , somewhat unhelpfully , that there were arguments for and against his right to sit , and recommended clarifying legislation which , however , has not been forthcoming .

If so , the House will appoint a select committee to handle such objections in the same way as the Private Bill Committee would .
if so , the house will appoint a [choose] committee to handle such objections in the same way as the private bill committee would .

( 3 ) Select committees — committees constituted ad hoc for a special purpose , an unusual step in the case of Public Bills .
( 3 ) [choose] committees — committees constituted ad hoc for a special purpose , an unusual step in the case of public bills .

The Scrutiny Committee ( the Joint Select Committee on Statutory Instruments ) , latest in a line of successors to a House of Commons select committee first appointed in 1944 , is a committee of 14 ( 7 MPs and 7 peers ) , any 2 of whom constitute a quorum .
the scrutiny committee ( the joint [choose] committee on statutory instruments ) , latest in a line of successors to a house of commons [choose] committee first appointed in 1944 , is a committee of 14 ( 7 mps and 7 peers ) , any 2 of whom constitute a quorum .

To this end , a Select Committee on European Legislation , charged with examining such drafts , has been established .
to this end , a [choose] committee on european legislation , charged with examining such drafts , has been established .

In 1979 , this precedent was greatly extended with the institution of 14 new select committees each charged with the oversight of the work of a about 10 members selected by a selection committee so as to reflect , as far as possible , the strength of the various parties in the House of Commons .
in 1979 , this precedent was greatly extended with the institution of 14 new [choose] committees each charged with the oversight of the work of a about 10 members selected by a selection committee so as to reflect , as far as possible , the strength of the various parties in the house of commons .

This function is now discharged by departmental select committees .
this function is now discharged by departmental [choose] committees .

Substantially , however , by convention , the actual power is today exercised , in all but a few relatively minor exceptional cases , by Ministers of the Crown , by the Prime Ministers of the Crown particularly , and especially by a select group of senior Ministers of the Crown meeting in Cabinet .
substantially , however , by convention , the actual power is today exercised , in all but a few relatively minor exceptional cases , by ministers of the crown , by the prime ministers of the crown particularly , and especially by a [choose] group of senior ministers of the crown meeting in cabinet .

He will pause briefly to survey the assembled masses and select a victim — usually a small , isolated Year Niner .
he will pause briefly to survey the assembled masses and [choose] a victim — usually a small , isolated year niner .

When using leaves to help identify a vine , the grower must take care to select samples from the mature foliage occurring beyond the sixth node from the base of a shoot coming from the previous year 's wood .
when using leaves to help identify a vine , the grower must take care to [choose] samples from the mature foliage occurring beyond the sixth node from the base of a shoot coming from the previous year 's wood .

If he 's dead , go up to him and , when the screen fades , select option Open from the menu .
if he 's dead , go up to him and , when the screen fades , [choose] option open from the menu .

Go to the picture in the drawing room and select icon Open on the menu .
go to the picture in the drawing room and [choose] icon open on the menu .

The computer will select the cards and your personal prediction will be read .
the computer will [choose] the cards and your personal prediction will be read .

He said : ‘ If he does n't select and stalk his victim , and obviously he did n't in the last three cases , he 'd normally have to expect a long wait .
he said : ‘ if he does n't [choose] and stalk his victim , and obviously he did n't in the last three cases , he 'd normally have to expect a long wait .

Select two teams and line them up .
[choose] two teams and line them up .

The fastest mathematician Select one of your children and one other , and explain that you are going to show that you are one of the world 's best mathematicians .
the fastest mathematician [choose] one of your children and one other , and explain that you are going to show that you are one of the world 's best mathematicians .

Select from the pack the four kings , queens , aces and jacks .
[choose] from the pack the four kings , queens , aces and jacks .

Linking together a series of public initiatives involving the District Audit Service , the government 's Financial Management Initiative , the work of the Select Committee on Social Services , the Audit Commission and the Social Services Inspectorate , they examine the impact of the three Es , ‘ economy , efficiency and effectiveness ’ in the provision of public services .
linking together a series of public initiatives involving the district audit service , the government 's financial management initiative , the work of the [choose] committee on social services , the audit commission and the social services inspectorate , they examine the impact of the three es , ‘ economy , efficiency and effectiveness ’ in the provision of public services .

Once we have considered the nature of the phenomena under investigation , worked out definitions and devised appropriate research methods , we have to select a research model which answers the questions investigated by the research .
once we have considered the nature of the phenomena under investigation , worked out definitions and devised appropriate research methods , we have to [choose] a research model which answers the questions investigated by the research .

When a noble assumes his title and feudal responsibilities he becomes a member of one of the select brotherhoods of Knightly Orders .
when a noble assumes his title and feudal responsibilities he becomes a member of one of the [choose] brotherhoods of knightly orders .

The following method was used : ( a ) a date of interview ( nominated date ) was randomly selected from all 1096 days in the study period , ( b ) the control was then randomly allocated an age at which to be interviewed , ( c ) the date of birth was calculated from age and date of interview , ( d ) an obstetric hospital was randomly chosen in proportion to the number of births in 1986 , and ( e ) random numbers were used to select a particular infant from those born on the date of birth in the nominated obstetric hospital .
the following method was used : ( a ) a date of interview ( nominated date ) was randomly selected from all 1096 days in the study period , ( b ) the control was then randomly allocated an age at which to be interviewed , ( c ) the date of birth was calculated from age and date of interview , ( d ) an obstetric hospital was randomly chosen in proportion to the number of births in 1986 , and ( e ) random numbers were used to [choose] a particular infant from those born on the date of birth in the nominated obstetric hospital .

The interviewer sets the framework for the interview — in this case mothers were asked to describe ‘ a day in the life ’ of their infant — but allows the informant to determine the pace and order of the conversation , to select topics considered important .
the interviewer sets the framework for the interview — in this case mothers were asked to describe ‘ a day in the life ’ of their infant — but allows the informant to determine the pace and order of the conversation , to [choose] topics considered important .

Or you could select the ancient Jewish route to the synagogues of El Transito and Santa Maria la Blanca , in Toledo .
or you could [choose] the ancient jewish route to the synagogues of el transito and santa maria la blanca , in toledo .

Employment Training is a locally based programme that first helps you select people with the aptitude and commitment you 're looking for .
employment training is a locally based programme that first helps you [choose] people with the aptitude and commitment you 're looking for .

The Brahman Centre for learning mental skills is in Provence and you 'll be one of a select few at a time to be taught these techniques .
the brahman centre for learning mental skills is in provence and you 'll be one of a [choose] few at a time to be taught these techniques .

You 'll be living amidst a select community of like minded people who appreciate the finer things in life .
you 'll be living amidst a [choose] community of like minded people who appreciate the finer things in life .

Next , select your Ultimate prize choice by detaching the appropriate stamp and sticking it onto your Entry Bond .
next , [choose] your ultimate prize choice by detaching the appropriate stamp and sticking it onto your entry bond .

Our expert editors select only the finest hardback books from the thousands published each year .
our expert editors [choose] only the finest hardback books from the thousands published each year .

Our team of expert Editors select the best and latest titles by scanning the lists of the many thousands of titles published each year .
our team of expert editors [choose] the best and latest titles by scanning the lists of the many thousands of titles published each year .

All basic statistical tests . • New user interface with menus and spreadsheet style operation • LogFile provides a complete record of your analysis • Program comes on one disk • Easy data input — direct or from file • Up to 50,000 cells in one table • Fast analysis • Requires no programming skills — you select all tests , variables and ranges from menus
all basic statistical tests . • new user interface with menus and spreadsheet style operation • logfile provides a complete record of your analysis • program comes on one disk • easy data input — direct or from file • up to 50,000 cells in one table • fast analysis • requires no programming skills — you [choose] all tests , variables and ranges from menus

The Gib'Sea family of yachts allow you to move up to a larger craft as your requirements progress — you can select from the comprehensive range , 24′ to 52′ , while remaining loyal to a marque you can trust .
the gib'sea family of yachts allow you to move up to a larger craft as your requirements progress — you can [choose] from the comprehensive range , 24′ to 52′ , while remaining loyal to a marque you can trust .

One of their tasks at the workshop will be to assess media education resources used on other continents and to select those that are relevant for Africa .
one of their tasks at the workshop will be to assess media education resources used on other continents and to [choose] those that are relevant for africa .

The main uses of functional assessment seem to be to select from available services to remedy any incapacities assessed , to help to prevent functional deterioration , and to highlight areas of functioning which merit fuller assessment than can be achieved by this approach .
the main uses of functional assessment seem to be to [choose] from available services to remedy any incapacities assessed , to help to prevent functional deterioration , and to highlight areas of functioning which merit fuller assessment than can be achieved by this approach .

But when the new meeting took place , those members present refused to select a candidate until Mr Knight was put back in contention .
but when the new meeting took place , those members present refused to [choose] a candidate until mr knight was put back in contention .

Next , select your ‘ Ultimate ’ prize choice by detaching the appropriate stamp and sticking it onto your Entry Bond .
next , [choose] your ‘ ultimate ’ prize choice by detaching the appropriate stamp and sticking it onto your entry bond .

Much of the heat comes from around the edge of the Disc , so for optimum results you select a Disc that is slightly smaller than the pan you are using .
much of the heat comes from around the edge of the disc , so for optimum results you [choose] a disc that is slightly smaller than the pan you are using .

They will then select the colours and formulations you will need .
they will then [choose] the colours and formulations you will need .

You can select from a range of quality products which are safe and stylish .
you can [choose] from a range of quality products which are safe and stylish .

Assuming that you wish to become one of the select few and possess a suitable radio , you should set up the collective pitch travel in a manner which gives a mirror image of the normal travel when the invert switch is operated .
assuming that you wish to become one of the [choose] few and possess a suitable radio , you should set up the collective pitch travel in a manner which gives a mirror image of the normal travel when the invert switch is operated .

Art must select to make its patterns , and must ignore what it can not use ; and it can use a great deal .
art must [choose] to make its patterns , and must ignore what it can not use ; and it can use a great deal .

Concentrating on efficiency means that we do not need to select a method of conflict resolution ( or at least may postpone the selection ) .
concentrating on efficiency means that we do not need to [choose] a method of conflict resolution ( or at least may postpone the selection ) .

What this illustrates is that you ca n't take an institution at face value any more and certainly should n't select or dismiss an institution on your ( or your parents ' ) first impression .
what this illustrates is that you ca n't take an institution at face value any more and certainly should n't [choose] or dismiss an institution on your ( or your parents ' ) first impression .

Auden once wrote that the only honest method of reviewing new poetry would be for the critic to select representative quotations and reproduce them without comment .
auden once wrote that the only honest method of reviewing new poetry would be for the critic to [choose] representative quotations and reproduce them without comment .

The trouble for the Tory whips , and for such organisers of backbench opinion as the Chairman of the 1922 Committee , Cranley Onslow , was that far too many Conservative contenders appeared : Peter Brooke , the former Ulster Secretary ; Terence Higgins , a minister as long ago as Ted Heath 's government , and chairman of the Treasury Select Committee ; Sir Giles Shaw , another officer of the '22 ; Paul Channon , another former cabinet minister ; Dame Janet Fookes , some Tories ' hope as the first woman Speaker .
the trouble for the tory whips , and for such organisers of backbench opinion as the chairman of the 1922 committee , cranley onslow , was that far too many conservative contenders appeared : peter brooke , the former ulster secretary ; terence higgins , a minister as long ago as ted heath 's government , and chairman of the treasury [choose] committee ; sir giles shaw , another officer of the '22 ; paul channon , another former cabinet minister ; dame janet fookes , some tories ' hope as the first woman speaker .

The function of this debate is to allow therapy to those lice , uppity , grudge-bearing backbenchers like Nick Winterton , whom the Tory whips want out of his select committee chairmanship .
the function of this debate is to allow therapy to those lice , uppity , grudge-bearing backbenchers like nick winterton , whom the tory whips want out of his [choose] committee chairmanship .

He speaks with especial bitterness about the integrity of select committees and their chairmen !
he speaks with especial bitterness about the integrity of [choose] committees and their chairmen !

It was hilarious and much appreciated by the select audience of usherettes , theatre staff and cast .
it was hilarious and much appreciated by the [choose] audience of usherettes , theatre staff and cast .

Although several simple designs can be used , start with Card 1 ( Stitchworld design 30 ) to select alternate needles .
although several simple designs can be used , start with card 1 ( stitchworld design 30 ) to [choose] alternate needles .

Instead you can knit every needle on the main bed , hand select pattern needles on the ribber and transfer from ribber to main bed using the rib transfer carriage .
instead you can knit every needle on the main bed , hand [choose] pattern needles on the ribber and transfer from ribber to main bed using the rib transfer carriage .

Start again , but this time , for the first needle brought to working position on the ribber , select the one that remained out-of-work at the end of the first pattern repeat .
start again , but this time , for the first needle brought to working position on the ribber , [choose] the one that remained out-of-work at the end of the first pattern repeat .

, If you have the misfortune to find yourself airborne with a failed comm set and your aircraft is fitted with a serviceable transponder , which code should you select on the transponder ?
, if you have the misfortune to find yourself airborne with a failed comm set and your aircraft is fitted with a serviceable transponder , which code should you [choose] on the transponder ?

The British Factory as such had virtually been dissolved by 1812 , although a few ‘ Select Merchants ’ continued to hold meetings under the title of ‘ The Factory ’ until 1848 .
the british factory as such had virtually been dissolved by 1812 , although a few ‘ [choose] merchants ’ continued to hold meetings under the title of ‘ the factory ’ until 1848 .

Some select vantage points in the town , others in the hills up to Monte , some on the harbour or in the gardens and parks .
some [choose] vantage points in the town , others in the hills up to monte , some on the harbour or in the gardens and parks .

This first kite has to work if you are to be satisfied , so our first tip is for you to be conservative , and select one of the tried and tested shapes that give least trouble .
this first kite has to work if you are to be satisfied , so our first tip is for you to be conservative , and [choose] one of the tried and tested shapes that give least trouble .

Remember this , and select a Hexagon , a Malay ( ‘ Diamond ’ ) or a lightweight Delta .
remember this , and [choose] a hexagon , a malay ( ‘ diamond ’ ) or a lightweight delta .

Check for colour arrangement , select the fabric and then lay the nylon panels over the plan using the bias and ensuring that the ripstop squares are symmetrical on each half of the kite .
check for colour arrangement , [choose] the fabric and then lay the nylon panels over the plan using the bias and ensuring that the ripstop squares are symmetrical on each half of the kite .

‘ Devoting more airtime to music means we can offer listeners a broader range of singles and albums , ’ said Paul Robinson , chairman of the playlist panel of producers and DJs who select the records to be played .
‘ devoting more airtime to music means we can offer listeners a broader range of singles and albums , ’ said paul robinson , chairman of the playlist panel of producers and djs who [choose] the records to be played .

It 's a very simple tactic : a gang of at least five or six young , strong , aggressive types select an isolated victim on a platform or in a train carriage , steam into them with fists and feet , rob them and steam away again .
it 's a very simple tactic : a gang of at least five or six young , strong , aggressive types [choose] an isolated victim on a platform or in a train carriage , steam into them with fists and feet , rob them and steam away again .

‘ We feel , Mama , that it is our task and no one else 's to select Papa 's papers .
‘ we feel , mama , that it is our task and no one else 's to [choose] papa 's papers .

‘ You ungrateful puppy ! When would you be able to devote the time , or the knowledge , to select , as you call it , what is or is not fit to publish ? Nathan Holland worked closely with your father for years . ’
‘ you ungrateful puppy ! when would you be able to devote the time , or the knowledge , to [choose] , as you call it , what is or is not fit to publish ? nathan holland worked closely with your father for years . ’

It seemed bizarre to select a washing machine and an electric cooker for the use of some prospective young maid who was still sitting with her family in a Karachi or Lahore back street .
it seemed bizarre to [choose] a washing machine and an electric cooker for the use of some prospective young maid who was still sitting with her family in a karachi or lahore back street .

Select those exercises which you are capable of doing without suffering any pain .
[choose] those exercises which you are capable of doing without suffering any pain .

Select the ones you can achieve before graduating to the more strenuous ones .
[choose] the ones you can achieve before graduating to the more strenuous ones .

To create a heading , select the heading tool , draw a line and write your text directly onto the screen .
to create a heading , [choose] the heading tool , draw a line and write your text directly onto the screen .

If you select View and Sort by Type from the menu , the File Manager will list all of the files by their extensions .
if you [choose] view and sort by type from the menu , the file manager will list all of the files by their extensions .

Read the questions ( in case you made a mistake selecting the directory ) and , when you 're sure , select Yes .
read the questions ( in case you made a mistake selecting the directory ) and , when you 're sure , [choose] yes .

In so far as history aspires to meaning , it is doomed to select regions , periods , groups of men and individuals in these groups and to make them stand out , as discontinuous figures , against a continuity barely good enough to be used as a backdrop .
in so far as history aspires to meaning , it is doomed to [choose] regions , periods , groups of men and individuals in these groups and to make them stand out , as discontinuous figures , against a continuity barely good enough to be used as a backdrop .

It enables users to move , resize or select windows and other on-screen features by point and click or through hot key commands .
it enables users to move , resize or [choose] windows and other on-screen features by point and click or through hot key commands .

Being a man of a few select words , Scott McNealy claims it ‘ works good and runs fast .
being a man of a few [choose] words , scott mcnealy claims it ‘ works good and runs fast .

However , while the journalist , or the politician for that matter , tends only to select things which are in accord with some preconceived view or set of values , sociologists try to go beyond this by using clearly defined theoretical concepts , representative samples and writing research reports in such a way that they can be examined , tested and , perhaps , modified by others .
however , while the journalist , or the politician for that matter , tends only to [choose] things which are in accord with some preconceived view or set of values , sociologists try to go beyond this by using clearly defined theoretical concepts , representative samples and writing research reports in such a way that they can be examined , tested and , perhaps , modified by others .

You still select the monster from the Monsters part of the list , but the points value is added to that of the character .
you still [choose] the monster from the monsters part of the list , but the points value is added to that of the character .

Despite these encouraging developments ( see Potts 1987 for a brief overview ) most of the aspirations of the Warnock committee in recommending the under-fives as a priority area remain unfulfilled , and there is a dearth of data on the effectiveness of integrating children with special educational needs in the pre-school years ( McGlynn and Phillips 1987 ) . The Select Committee ( 1987 ) examin-ing the working of the 1981 Education Act has this to say about the under-fives and special educational needs :
despite these encouraging developments ( see potts 1987 for a brief overview ) most of the aspirations of the warnock committee in recommending the under-fives as a priority area remain unfulfilled , and there is a dearth of data on the effectiveness of integrating children with special educational needs in the pre-school years ( mcglynn and phillips 1987 ) . the [choose] committee ( 1987 ) examin-ing the working of the 1981 education act has this to say about the under-fives and special educational needs :

It may be apposite to consider that a corporate stand on under-fives and special needs is now a moral imperative and that we should take seriously the clarion calls of Warnock and the Select Committee , not only because we owe it to children and their families , but also because
it may be apposite to consider that a corporate stand on under-fives and special needs is now a moral imperative and that we should take seriously the clarion calls of warnock and the [choose] committee , not only because we owe it to children and their families , but also because

The setting up of the Select Committee to look at the whole under-fives area
the setting up of the [choose] committee to look at the whole under-fives area

Representation on special needs was also made to the Select Committee , by teachers ' associations and others , making the point that early identification of delay difficulties is facilitated when the provisions and structures are in place .
representation on special needs was also made to the [choose] committee , by teachers ' associations and others , making the point that early identification of delay difficulties is facilitated when the provisions and structures are in place .

It is to be hoped that the evidence provided by Margaret Clark ( 1988 ) will be seen to be a vital concomitant to the evidence considered by the Select Committee .
it is to be hoped that the evidence provided by margaret clark ( 1988 ) will be seen to be a vital concomitant to the evidence considered by the [choose] committee .

Concern was expressed to the Under Fives Select Committee from all quarters about the inappropriateness of curricula and care for young children who are in effect ‘ pre-school ’ but not , in the main , receiving appropriate pre-school learning experiences , and who sometimes are in classes with children up to seven years of age .
concern was expressed to the under fives [choose] committee from all quarters about the inappropriateness of curricula and care for young children who are in effect ‘ pre-school ’ but not , in the main , receiving appropriate pre-school learning experiences , and who sometimes are in classes with children up to seven years of age .

In his evidence to the Select Committee on Under-Fives , the Secretary of State for Education , Kenneth Baker , said he appreciated the different starting points ( into education ) and said that schools could publish in their results a clear indication of the starting age of children in order to indicate those who are disadvantaged ( unpublished evidence ) .
in his evidence to the [choose] committee on under-fives , the secretary of state for education , kenneth baker , said he appreciated the different starting points ( into education ) and said that schools could publish in their results a clear indication of the starting age of children in order to indicate those who are disadvantaged ( unpublished evidence ) .

All this implies , as has been pointed out in the collected evidence presented to the 1987 Select Committee inquiry into the implementation of the 1981 Education Act ( cf vol 2 of the evidence ) , and to many others since then involved in attempts at educational reform :
all this implies , as has been pointed out in the collected evidence presented to the 1987 [choose] committee inquiry into the implementation of the 1981 education act ( cf vol 2 of the evidence ) , and to many others since then involved in attempts at educational reform :

The parliamentary Select Committee on Education saw a need for clarification and a more analytical approach , but the call for a national advisory body was rejected by the government .
the parliamentary [choose] committee on education saw a need for clarification and a more analytical approach , but the call for a national advisory body was rejected by the government .

Select a strong healthy stem that has borne a good bloom , or is still carrying one that has gone over the top , and look at the stem lower down — to see if you can find nice plump axillary buds or eyes in the leaf axils — these are latent growth buds , and they are going to become your new roses !
[choose] a strong healthy stem that has borne a good bloom , or is still carrying one that has gone over the top , and look at the stem lower down — to see if you can find nice plump axillary buds or eyes in the leaf axils — these are latent growth buds , and they are going to become your new roses !

Select carefully the plants you want to cross — it is important to work with clean healthy plants with good vigour and constitution .
[choose] carefully the plants you want to cross — it is important to work with clean healthy plants with good vigour and constitution .

Once we have a sampling frame , we can select a certain number of names from it .
once we have a sampling frame , we can [choose] a certain number of names from it .

Selection and training of interviewers ( if necessary ) If there are large numbers of people to be interviewed , it will be necessary to select and train a team of people to act as assistant interviewers ( e.g .
selection and training of interviewers ( if necessary ) if there are large numbers of people to be interviewed , it will be necessary to [choose] and train a team of people to act as assistant interviewers ( e.g .

They are reclusive and idiosyncratic , dwelling in exquisite mansions far from each other with their families and a select band of retainers .
they are reclusive and idiosyncratic , dwelling in exquisite mansions far from each other with their families and a [choose] band of retainers .

The princes had obviously refused to select their prince as Phoenix King although he was obviously the rightful heir to Aenarion .
the princes had obviously refused to [choose] their prince as phoenix king although he was obviously the rightful heir to aenarion .

It 's far more likely that you will get the spells you are looking for if you select them from say the Amethyst or the Jade college rather than choosing one from Jade , one from Bright , one from Amethyst etc .
it 's far more likely that you will get the spells you are looking for if you [choose] them from say the amethyst or the jade college rather than choosing one from jade , one from bright , one from amethyst etc .

But the mass media select which events to cover and they take decisions about how those events will be presented ; they therefore not only inform us about ( a small selection of ) events but their presentation of those events will also consist of their explanations and interpretations of those events .
but the mass media [choose] which events to cover and they take decisions about how those events will be presented ; they therefore not only inform us about ( a small selection of ) events but their presentation of those events will also consist of their explanations and interpretations of those events .

What sort of information do the mass media select and how is that information presented ?
what sort of information do the mass media [choose] and how is that information presented ?

For example , few proposals examine the impact of the welfare state on the relationship between the individual and the state or the ability of the individual to select their own media from an enormous range of national and increasingly international outlets .
for example , few proposals examine the impact of the welfare state on the relationship between the individual and the state or the ability of the individual to [choose] their own media from an enormous range of national and increasingly international outlets .

In consequence , newspapers have to adopt other roles ; they can become more entertaining and popular , or provide in-depth information to a select few .
in consequence , newspapers have to adopt other roles ; they can become more entertaining and popular , or provide in-depth information to a [choose] few .

As a general rule , it is sensible to select a large , well-known company that has been in the market for a long time .
as a general rule , it is sensible to [choose] a large , well-known company that has been in the market for a long time .

Problems were encountered when personnel officials — generally lacking in senior and especially Board status — were being asked to advertise for , interview , help select and then appoint executives to positions considerably higher than those they held themselves .
problems were encountered when personnel officials — generally lacking in senior and especially board status — were being asked to advertise for , interview , help [choose] and then appoint executives to positions considerably higher than those they held themselves .

This explains why British industry , which had never conceived of employing professional consultants to recruit and select executives and managers , came to terms psychologically with the idea of using headhunters .
this explains why british industry , which had never conceived of employing professional consultants to recruit and [choose] executives and managers , came to terms psychologically with the idea of using headhunters .

In addressing the problem of how British headhunting firms , in competition with the multinational search companies , were able to create and develop a sustained demand for headhunting services , it would be unnecessarily long-winded and tedious to examine every one in detail , yet at the same time it would be sketchy and uninformative to list them all briefly without analysis , and the basic information is given in the Select Directory .
in addressing the problem of how british headhunting firms , in competition with the multinational search companies , were able to create and develop a sustained demand for headhunting services , it would be unnecessarily long-winded and tedious to examine every one in detail , yet at the same time it would be sketchy and uninformative to list them all briefly without analysis , and the basic information is given in the [choose] directory .

The Select Directory at the end of this book seeks to make this choice more systematic and to reduce , at least partially , the inevitable element of risk .
the [choose] directory at the end of this book seeks to make this choice more systematic and to reduce , at least partially , the inevitable element of risk .

When sales revenue is a chief success indicator affecting incentive funds , the enterprise can raise the indicator by buying more expensive inputs … Similarly , if the enterprise switches from total sales revenue to net value of output as its performance indicator , it will select products with a high cost of processing , thus increasing net value added … [ In ] instances when Soviet planners have stipulated a revised set of leading economic indicators , and tied incentive funds to them , other indicators have moved in undesirable directions … planners found that , once again , only direct regulation could bring an improvement for any individual economic indicator .
when sales revenue is a chief success indicator affecting incentive funds , the enterprise can raise the indicator by buying more expensive inputs … similarly , if the enterprise switches from total sales revenue to net value of output as its performance indicator , it will [choose] products with a high cost of processing , thus increasing net value added … [ in ] instances when soviet planners have stipulated a revised set of leading economic indicators , and tied incentive funds to them , other indicators have moved in undesirable directions … planners found that , once again , only direct regulation could bring an improvement for any individual economic indicator .

Since this would be true whatever theory we were to select , it remains to ask what makes the works of Althusser and Poulantzas especially well-suited to our purposes .
since this would be true whatever theory we were to [choose] , it remains to ask what makes the works of althusser and poulantzas especially well-suited to our purposes .

Rather , they reveal what Cohen calls a Darwinian mechanism : in a climate of scarcity , competition will select for firms that are efficient , whatever the reasons for their efficiency .
rather , they reveal what cohen calls a darwinian mechanism : in a climate of scarcity , competition will [choose] for firms that are efficient , whatever the reasons for their efficiency .

Cahn & Harper ( 1976b ) had presented evidence suggesting that sheep selected between leaf marks ; Dirzo & Harper ( 1982a ) and others have shown that slugs select between cyanogenic and acyanogenic forms ; Black ( 1960 ) had shown the selective value of long petioles ) .
cahn & harper ( 1976b ) had presented evidence suggesting that sheep selected between leaf marks ; dirzo & harper ( 1982a ) and others have shown that slugs [choose] between cyanogenic and acyanogenic forms ; black ( 1960 ) had shown the selective value of long petioles ) .

Unless and until the killing of animals for food becomes illegal then farmers will rear and select those creatures that need to be killed to meet the demand .
unless and until the killing of animals for food becomes illegal then farmers will rear and [choose] those creatures that need to be killed to meet the demand .

Trying to group together a selection of best walks in an area as complex as Northumberland , with its historical landmarks , beautiful coastline , vast afforestation and rolling moorland is a very subjective exercise , but Frank Duerden has managed to select 30 diverse walks .
trying to group together a selection of best walks in an area as complex as northumberland , with its historical landmarks , beautiful coastline , vast afforestation and rolling moorland is a very subjective exercise , but frank duerden has managed to [choose] 30 diverse walks .

The role of the professional is to listen and understand the parents ' views , aims , and expectations and to provide the parents with a range of suitable options and the necessary information from which to select .
the role of the professional is to listen and understand the parents ' views , aims , and expectations and to provide the parents with a range of suitable options and the necessary information from which to [choose] .

It 's best if you can collect your own because then you can select a balanced blend of large and small pieces and , possibly , different colours .
it 's best if you can collect your own because then you can [choose] a balanced blend of large and small pieces and , possibly , different colours .

Alternatively , you can select one of the iron-on transfer designs — these can be used on most fabrics .
alternatively , you can [choose] one of the iron-on transfer designs — these can be used on most fabrics .

Select needles on both beds and knit the zigzag cast on row .
[choose] needles on both beds and knit the zigzag cast on row .

Now from the main menu select Lace .
now from the main menu [choose] lace .

The difference will occur when you quit from the screen showing the pattern for lace and then select knitting .
the difference will occur when you quit from the screen showing the pattern for lace and then [choose] knitting .

Now only the black areas on the design will select needles on the back bed of the machine .
now only the black areas on the design will [choose] needles on the back bed of the machine .

But after drawing and before knitting , you must quit then select 4-Colour design from the menu .
but after drawing and before knitting , you must quit then [choose] 4-colour design from the menu .

The problems were immense , however , as students had no opportunity to select their own profession or place of work .
the problems were immense , however , as students had no opportunity to [choose] their own profession or place of work .

Instructors should select a time-scale to suit their own needs and those of their students .
instructors should [choose] a time-scale to suit their own needs and those of their students .

It is time to select one of them as a priority .
it is time to [choose] one of them as a priority .

The test requires the child to select one of a pair of pictures to go with a stimulus sentence .
the test requires the child to [choose] one of a pair of pictures to go with a stimulus sentence .

For instance , in the third set ( subject-object nouns ) the child is presented with a sentence — such as , ‘ The duck is splashing the frog ’ — and is required to select from two pictures , one of which shows a duck splashing a frog , and the other a frog splashing a duck .
for instance , in the third set ( subject-object nouns ) the child is presented with a sentence — such as , ‘ the duck is splashing the frog ’ — and is required to [choose] from two pictures , one of which shows a duck splashing a frog , and the other a frog splashing a duck .

shape and required to select one from an array ) .
shape and required to [choose] one from an array ) .

Simply select a shampoo and conditioner to suit your hair type and choose one of the six intensive conditioners as an occasional treat !
simply [choose] a shampoo and conditioner to suit your hair type and choose one of the six intensive conditioners as an occasional treat !

Cover Girl have come up with a computer to help you select the most flattering shade of make-up .
cover girl have come up with a computer to help you [choose] the most flattering shade of make-up .

The class began with select students getting the chance to perform with a live ‘ model ’ called Lolita , whose strip act was videotaped in class .
the class began with [choose] students getting the chance to perform with a live ‘ model ’ called lolita , whose strip act was videotaped in class .

Styling Peter Hawker , hair by Eugene at Windle using Paul Mitchell , make-up by Val Garland at Camilla Arthur using Prescriptives , models Tamzin Greenhill at Models 1 and Lisa Roudette at Select , photo assistants Jeremy and Nick , shot at Metro Studios
styling peter hawker , hair by eugene at windle using paul mitchell , make-up by val garland at camilla arthur using prescriptives , models tamzin greenhill at models 1 and lisa roudette at [choose] , photo assistants jeremy and nick , shot at metro studios

For 950/950i machines , use 999 mode and select one row of the design .
for 950/950i machines , use 999 mode and [choose] one row of the design .

Select the next set of needles with the selector lever and take the lace carriage across to the left .
[choose] the next set of needles with the selector lever and take the lace carriage across to the left .

When completed , click with the right mouse button on the printer icon , select boxed print and draw the squares as before , then click the left mouse button twice .
when completed , click with the right mouse button on the printer icon , [choose] boxed print and draw the squares as before , then click the left mouse button twice .

Select the magnify icon , and click it on .
[choose] the magnify icon , and click it on .

Select ‘ all-over design ’ from the bottom row of icons , draw the rubberband box around the design and click .
[choose] ‘ all-over design ’ from the bottom row of icons , draw the rubberband box around the design and click .

The whole program is based on a system of menus and sub menus , so whatever you select from the main menu will in most cases lead you to a sub menu , which may in turn lead you to another sub menu and so on , until the necessary choices have been made .
the whole program is based on a system of menus and sub menus , so whatever you [choose] from the main menu will in most cases lead you to a sub menu , which may in turn lead you to another sub menu and so on , until the necessary choices have been made .

Although this is at the bottom of the main menu , it is the first option that you need to select before you can begin to use the program for any serious work .
although this is at the bottom of the main menu , it is the first option that you need to [choose] before you can begin to use the program for any serious work .

Values , he argues , select problems and attach significance to items of knowledge and so constitute a basis of meaning that is tied to the social function of knowledge .
values , he argues , [choose] problems and attach significance to items of knowledge and so constitute a basis of meaning that is tied to the social function of knowledge .

With the left hand light on when knitting punch lace , the marked squares select the needles that will knit with the fine yarn only , with the right hand light on it 's the blanks .
with the left hand light on when knitting punch lace , the marked squares [choose] the needles that will knit with the fine yarn only , with the right hand light on it 's the blanks .

On the front bed , the lili buttons select alternate needles to knit in every row .
on the front bed , the lili buttons [choose] alternate needles to knit in every row .

However , select the specimen with care , being sure to avoid one with the yolk sac still visible , unless you have seen it feeding .
however , [choose] the specimen with care , being sure to avoid one with the yolk sac still visible , unless you have seen it feeding .

After the initial ‘ feeling out ’ process he will select a nest site and begin to build a nest .
after the initial ‘ feeling out ’ process he will [choose] a nest site and begin to build a nest .

The direct-manipulation interface allows users to select a link object and be shown a paragraph or conversely .
the direct-manipulation interface allows users to [choose] a link object and be shown a paragraph or conversely .

The outline is dynamically generated , and users can select a topic in the outline and see the paragraphs associated with the corresponding link object .
the outline is dynamically generated , and users can [choose] a topic in the outline and see the paragraphs associated with the corresponding link object .

We at Select were appalled at the severity of the court judgement against your magazine and believe that it raises serious impediments to press freedom .
we at [choose] were appalled at the severity of the court judgement against your magazine and believe that it raises serious impediments to press freedom .

You can then select the one which you think solves the most important problem , or gives the best effect in the most visually important part of the garment .
you can then [choose] the one which you think solves the most important problem , or gives the best effect in the most visually important part of the garment .

Move the carriage across the bed to select the needles .
move the carriage across the bed to [choose] the needles .

Notice that the design which has been used for weaving does not show as with the sample woven with the smooth yarn , always select simple designs for weaving because the pattern in the fabric results almost entirely from the yarn and not from the needle selection .
notice that the design which has been used for weaving does not show as with the sample woven with the smooth yarn , always [choose] simple designs for weaving because the pattern in the fabric results almost entirely from the yarn and not from the needle selection .

However , it is important to select the right type of design for these yarns .
however , it is important to [choose] the right type of design for these yarns .

On all machines , the blanks on the card select the needles that will tuck , while the punched holes select the needles that will knit .
on all machines , the blanks on the card [choose] the needles that will tuck , while the punched holes [choose] the needles that will knit .

On machines with automatic end needle selection cams , these are set to select the end needles to the selected position .
on machines with automatic end needle selection cams , these are set to [choose] the end needles to the selected position .

As with tuck the punched holes on the card select the needles that will knit , while the blank select the needles that will slip .
as with tuck the punched holes on the card [choose] the needles that will knit , while the blank [choose] the needles that will slip .

The straight arrow indicates , as before , ‘ select the needles , move the lace carriage to the right and back to rest at the left ’ .
the straight arrow indicates , as before , ‘ [choose] the needles , move the lace carriage to the right and back to rest at the left ’ .

Select the needles and move the lace carriage to the left , as shown by the straight arrow and knit two rows .
[choose] the needles and move the lace carriage to the left , as shown by the straight arrow and knit two rows .

Slide the lace carriage to the right , select the needles and bring it back across to the left , then knit two tows to set the lace .
slide the lace carriage to the right , [choose] the needles and bring it back across to the left , then knit two tows to set the lace .

Knit two rows as shown by the curved arrow then select the needles and move the lace carriage to the right .
knit two rows as shown by the curved arrow then [choose] the needles and move the lace carriage to the right .

For the third row slide the lace carriage to the right , select the needles then move the lace carriage across to the left , transferring the stitches .
for the third row slide the lace carriage to the right , [choose] the needles then move the lace carriage across to the left , transferring the stitches .

Up to now all has been plain sailing but at the third row you have a straight arrow indicating to select needles again and transfer with the lace carriage and you have only just transferred stitches the other way without working two knit rows between .
up to now all has been plain sailing but at the third row you have a straight arrow indicating to [choose] needles again and transfer with the lace carriage and you have only just transferred stitches the other way without working two knit rows between .

Never select more than one needle in sequence at a time .
never [choose] more than one needle in sequence at a time .

Never select two needles side by side .
never [choose] two needles side by side .

‘ We choose children who will fully appreciate this trip , which is why we do n't select those who are blind .
‘ we choose children who will fully appreciate this trip , which is why we do n't [choose] those who are blind .

If you 're having trouble with your wrestler , and want to change him during play in the survivor series , the secret is to press Select once the bout has begun .
if you 're having trouble with your wrestler , and want to change him during play in the survivor series , the secret is to press [choose] once the bout has begun .

Then you have to select your weapons and use them with caution — go in with a gung-ho spirit and you could find you 've missed most of your targets and run out of ammo .
then you have to [choose] your weapons and use them with caution — go in with a gung-ho spirit and you could find you 've missed most of your targets and run out of ammo .

The yardage on the card often bears little relation to the club you select .
the yardage on the card often bears little relation to the club you [choose] .

Although most foods contain potassium , especially potatoes and green vegetables , it has been shown that a high proportion of elderly people select a diet low in potassium ( Davies , 1981 ) .
although most foods contain potassium , especially potatoes and green vegetables , it has been shown that a high proportion of elderly people [choose] a diet low in potassium ( davies , 1981 ) .

Very soon , she had become a sort of personal assistant , helping him select fabrics , cost dresses and choose accessories .
very soon , she had become a sort of personal assistant , helping him [choose] fabrics , cost dresses and choose accessories .

As a first step to bringing democratic pressure to bear on foreign policy he advocated the establishment of a select committee of MPs to shadow the operations of the Foreign Office .
as a first step to bringing democratic pressure to bear on foreign policy he advocated the establishment of a [choose] committee of mps to shadow the operations of the foreign office .

Opinions may be expressed in accounts and directors may be able to select accounting policies , but readers often react as though those choices are made by unprejudiced seekers after truth .
opinions may be expressed in accounts and directors may be able to [choose] accounting policies , but readers often react as though those choices are made by unprejudiced seekers after truth .

Not everyone wants to pay for the highest level of service available , so clients can select the level of service they require .
not everyone wants to pay for the highest level of service available , so clients can [choose] the level of service they require .

Under PEPs where you select your own investments , it is possible to keep the plan in cash without time limit until you decide to invest into equities .
under peps where you [choose] your own investments , it is possible to keep the plan in cash without time limit until you decide to invest into equities .

Even the Trade and Industry Select Committee , which produced a lengthy report on the investigation system during 1990 , almost totally ignored the very existence of the s 447 enquiries , preferring to concentrate on the public inspections .
even the trade and industry [choose] committee , which produced a lengthy report on the investigation system during 1990 , almost totally ignored the very existence of the s 447 enquiries , preferring to concentrate on the public inspections .

‘ It claims that we first select a particular task that we wish to carry out , and then select the appropriate machine which will enable us to perform this task . Although the choice of task may , according to this notion , be consciously or unconsciously determined by political factors , the subsequent choice of machine or technique to achieve the task is claimed to remain a politically neutral technical task ’
‘ it claims that we first [choose] a particular task that we wish to carry out , and then [choose] the appropriate machine which will enable us to perform this task . although the choice of task may , according to this notion , be consciously or unconsciously determined by political factors , the subsequent choice of machine or technique to achieve the task is claimed to remain a politically neutral technical task ’

But David Howell , Tory chairman of the Foreign Affairs select committee , said there was a risk Britain could become ‘ dragged into a major war and military commitment ’ .
but david howell , tory chairman of the foreign affairs [choose] committee , said there was a risk britain could become ‘ dragged into a major war and military commitment ’ .

One neat feature is the ability to select and analyse specific runs , allowing you to plot your performances on a given course .
one neat feature is the ability to [choose] and analyse specific runs , allowing you to plot your performances on a given course .

Our new improved events diary now included more details to enable you to carefully select your future races .
our new improved events diary now included more details to enable you to carefully [choose] your future races .

Inevitably the national selectors are able only to select from those players who have achieved at least county level .
inevitably the national selectors are able only to [choose] from those players who have achieved at least county level .

With the lack of time county selectors may normally only select from those players nominated from either schools and clubs .
with the lack of time county selectors may normally only [choose] from those players nominated from either schools and clubs .

If they were n't sure , they why not select certain games only or certain areas of one country and then see what happened ?
if they were n't sure , they why not [choose] certain games only or certain areas of one country and then see what happened ?

Farr-Jones said the whole notion of a players ' company was for all the players to be involved , not to feather the nests of a select upper echelon .
farr-jones said the whole notion of a players ' company was for all the players to be involved , not to feather the nests of a [choose] upper echelon .

Select ‘ real ’ sausages with real gut casings and high-grade rough-chopped contents with relatively little rusk or filler to bulk them out .
[choose] ‘ real ’ sausages with real gut casings and high-grade rough-chopped contents with relatively little rusk or filler to bulk them out .

Perhaps you could begin by taking a wide-angle shot or two of the house and the garden , so set the zoom to wide angle and select your first shooting position .
perhaps you could begin by taking a wide-angle shot or two of the house and the garden , so set the zoom to wide angle and [choose] your first shooting position .

Select first shooting position .
[choose] first shooting position .

Bright reflections off the surface of water or glass may also cause your autofocus to select the wrong setting — it 's another time when manual focus may be best .
bright reflections off the surface of water or glass may also cause your autofocus to [choose] the wrong setting — it 's another time when manual focus may be best .

If you are unfamiliar with these , you may be uncertain as to how to select a suitable microphone from the many different kinds which are available , as a glance at the windows of your local electronics store will show you .
if you are unfamiliar with these , you may be uncertain as to how to [choose] a suitable microphone from the many different kinds which are available , as a glance at the windows of your local electronics store will show you .

Mr Searle also likes Quattro Pro for Windows ' object inspectors : dialogue boxes appear at the click of a mouse button to lead you step by step through all the options available in a particular context ; you do n't have to select umpteen menu options .
mr searle also likes quattro pro for windows ' object inspectors : dialogue boxes appear at the click of a mouse button to lead you step by step through all the options available in a particular context ; you do n't have to [choose] umpteen menu options .

It is important to select individuals who can be selective in identifying the areas that warrant their attention and who then persevere until satisfied .
it is important to [choose] individuals who can be selective in identifying the areas that warrant their attention and who then persevere until satisfied .

But the Commons Treasury Select Committee , investigating banks , said it had also closed tens of thousands of businesses .
but the commons treasury [choose] committee , investigating banks , said it had also closed tens of thousands of businesses .

Gilbey , 35 , is a member of Diana 's select circle of confidants .
gilbey , 35 , is a member of diana 's [choose] circle of confidants .

The select band of customers scattered throughout Hampshire who know Carol 's work were not at all surprised when they learned who had created the rings .
the [choose] band of customers scattered throughout hampshire who know carol 's work were not at all surprised when they learned who had created the rings .

He recalls that the Chancellor came in to the store at around 5pm , and stands by this approximate time even though he is well aware that Mr Lamont was then in a Treasury Select Committee at the House of Commons .
he recalls that the chancellor came in to the store at around 5pm , and stands by this approximate time even though he is well aware that mr lamont was then in a treasury [choose] committee at the house of commons .

The probe was announced by Mr Lamont last month when he gave evidence to the Commons Treasury Select Committee .
the probe was announced by mr lamont last month when he gave evidence to the commons treasury [choose] committee .

Whitney joined a select group comprising The Beatles , Queen , Elvis Presley , Cliff Richard and Band Aid in notching up a double success .
whitney joined a [choose] group comprising the beatles , queen , elvis presley , cliff richard and band aid in notching up a double success .

As a result of the large number of markets to select from , Templeton finds risk can be reduced by diversification and at any time some markets offer value .
as a result of the large number of markets to [choose] from , templeton finds risk can be reduced by diversification and at any time some markets offer value .

Defendants who do not have their own lawyer may select one , from a list , who will then represent them entirely free of charge .
defendants who do not have their own lawyer may [choose] one , from a list , who will then represent them entirely free of charge .

Out of many systematic works from this period we may select for mention two , both titled Theology of Revelation : that by Latourelle ( 1968 ) , which is more historically based , and that by Moran ( 1967 ) , which focuses more on the experience of revelation as personal communion .
out of many systematic works from this period we may [choose] for mention two , both titled theology of revelation : that by latourelle ( 1968 ) , which is more historically based , and that by moran ( 1967 ) , which focuses more on the experience of revelation as personal communion .

Rumours abound Social Security Secretary Peter Lilley is poised to chop into benefits . Diana Sutton reports on his evidence to the social security select committee
rumours abound social security secretary peter lilley is poised to chop into benefits . diana sutton reports on his evidence to the social security [choose] committee

When the Social Security Secretary Peter Lilley , well-known ally of single parents everywhere , gave evidence to the social security select committee recently , the nation 's media were assembled to hear his pearls of wisdom .
when the social security secretary peter lilley , well-known ally of single parents everywhere , gave evidence to the social security [choose] committee recently , the nation 's media were assembled to hear his pearls of wisdom .

He set up a select committee with the job of trying to devise a political settlement to the problem of Tamil separatism ; but it got nowhere .
he set up a [choose] committee with the job of trying to devise a political settlement to the problem of tamil separatism ; but it got nowhere .

The Labour Government also refused to countenance a select committee on nationalised industries .
the labour government also refused to countenance a [choose] committee on nationalised industries .

In opposition the Conservatives had , it is true , pressed for a select committee , but when they returned to power the Commons committee they established was quite ineffective .
in opposition the conservatives had , it is true , pressed for a [choose] committee , but when they returned to power the commons committee they established was quite ineffective .

Conservative Ministers in office ( like their Labour predecessors ) remained uncooperative , and the select committee on nationalised industries was immersed in procedural wrangles over its terms of reference until the late 1950s and transacted no serious business .
conservative ministers in office ( like their labour predecessors ) remained uncooperative , and the [choose] committee on nationalised industries was immersed in procedural wrangles over its terms of reference until the late 1950s and transacted no serious business .

They can select the seminar option , which displays on their screens the text of the discussion in progress , and tap in their own ideas .
they can [choose] the seminar option , which displays on their screens the text of the discussion in progress , and tap in their own ideas .

At present , we select students for the life preparation course , following a baseline assessment devised by myself and colleagues which is carried out during a links week when potential students attend college full time .
at present , we [choose] students for the life preparation course , following a baseline assessment devised by myself and colleagues which is carried out during a links week when potential students attend college full time .

Swann ( 1987 ) has argued that as long as segregated provision exists , a means to select and allocate children will be needed .
swann ( 1987 ) has argued that as long as segregated provision exists , a means to [choose] and allocate children will be needed .

At the same time teachers are being treated more and more like workers and less and less like professionals , so that their sense of power and freedom to evaluate and select among these opportunities feels diminished .
at the same time teachers are being treated more and more like workers and less and less like professionals , so that their sense of power and freedom to evaluate and [choose] among these opportunities feels diminished .

Broodthaers , who was an installationist in the days when such work was still rather uncommon , became a guru to a select handful of French and later American artists — but his work remains , oddly , little known in New York .
broodthaers , who was an installationist in the days when such work was still rather uncommon , became a guru to a [choose] handful of french and later american artists — but his work remains , oddly , little known in new york .

The first step is to select the type of computer to buy .
the first step is to [choose] the type of computer to buy .

With the back carriage at the jacquard setting , as shown in your instruction manual for Fair Isle , the electronics will select the needles for the background stitches which will be knitted with colour one from the main yarn feed .
with the back carriage at the jacquard setting , as shown in your instruction manual for fair isle , the electronics will [choose] the needles for the background stitches which will be knitted with colour one from the main yarn feed .

Robert Key , a teacher by profession , entered Parliament in 1983 and sat on the Select Committee on Education , Science and the Arts .
robert key , a teacher by profession , entered parliament in 1983 and sat on the [choose] committee on education , science and the arts .

Our approach in this case was to select specific events concerning the elderly , for example , the implementation of the new post-war pensions , the publication of official reports and of widely noticed social surveys , across the twenty-year time-span , and to review their presentation by newspapers and more specialized publications .
our approach in this case was to [choose] specific events concerning the elderly , for example , the implementation of the new post-war pensions , the publication of official reports and of widely noticed social surveys , across the twenty-year time-span , and to review their presentation by newspapers and more specialized publications .

The Confederation of British Industry and Trades Union Congress have both given their support to a reduction in the male pension age , as have the House of Lords Select Committee on Unemployment ( 1982 ) and the House of Commons Select Committee on Social Services ( 1982 ) .
the confederation of british industry and trades union congress have both given their support to a reduction in the male pension age , as have the house of lords [choose] committee on unemployment ( 1982 ) and the house of commons [choose] committee on social services ( 1982 ) .

We go to the track meets , the basketball matches and we select kids and we give those kids scholarships based on athletic merit .
we go to the track meets , the basketball matches and we [choose] kids and we give those kids scholarships based on athletic merit .

We might select three and they would be a peer group for each other .
we might [choose] three and they would be a peer group for each other .

An encouraging development is that the opportunity has been given for a submission to be made in early autumn on behalf of the preserved railway movement to the House of Commons Select Committee which will be dealing with the Government 's privatisation proposals .
an encouraging development is that the opportunity has been given for a submission to be made in early autumn on behalf of the preserved railway movement to the house of commons [choose] committee which will be dealing with the government 's privatisation proposals .

Two years later , at a meeting at the Soviet Ministry of Culture , Ortiz asked that in return he should be allowed to select an exchange exhibition to be shown in the West .
two years later , at a meeting at the soviet ministry of culture , ortiz asked that in return he should be allowed to [choose] an exchange exhibition to be shown in the west .

And for watercolourists , on pages 26–28 Carmi Weingrod explains how to select the most suitable paper for your work in her specifically prepared report .
and for watercolourists , on pages 26–28 carmi weingrod explains how to [choose] the most suitable paper for your work in her specifically prepared report .

He will advise on how to select the most suitable Tinted Bockingford paper for your subject , show examples of his finished paintings and discuss the advantages of the Tinted Bockingford papers for watercolour painting .
he will advise on how to [choose] the most suitable tinted bockingford paper for your subject , show examples of his finished paintings and discuss the advantages of the tinted bockingford papers for watercolour painting .

The book also includes a selection of small-scale tasks to enable teachers to design and select effective listening materials for themselves .
the book also includes a selection of small-scale tasks to enable teachers to design and [choose] effective listening materials for themselves .

Out of this maelstrom we can select only a few thinkers and those ideas which stand out in retrospect as marking out the major developments and as setting the scene for more recent times .
out of this maelstrom we can [choose] only a few thinkers and those ideas which stand out in retrospect as marking out the major developments and as setting the scene for more recent times .

Of these we can select here only one or two typical examples .
of these we can [choose] here only one or two typical examples .

Select your style , and order , giving a clear indication of the size needed
[choose] your style , and order , giving a clear indication of the size needed

It is necessary to attract and select staff , to train them , to provide them with various services and with potentiality for advancement as their skills increase with experience .
it is necessary to attract and [choose] staff , to train them , to provide them with various services and with potentiality for advancement as their skills increase with experience .

The art of task analysis always is to select what does matter , reject what does not matter and separate into categories or stages something which seems at first sight to have no internal boundaries .
the art of task analysis always is to [choose] what does matter , reject what does not matter and separate into categories or stages something which seems at first sight to have no internal boundaries .

The art of useful block diagram production is to select the appropriate level of detail .
the art of useful block diagram production is to [choose] the appropriate level of detail .

For example a survey concerned with the whole National Health Service staff might begin by separating the hospital and the general practice services , then sample key regions of the country , separate urban , suburban and rural services and then select within organisations as mentioned above .
for example a survey concerned with the whole national health service staff might begin by separating the hospital and the general practice services , then sample key regions of the country , separate urban , suburban and rural services and then [choose] within organisations as mentioned above .

Key-board manipulation is a skill relevant to many tasks and is typical of psycho-motor skills in that the perceptual elements of identify and select dominate the motor element of actual key pressing .
key-board manipulation is a skill relevant to many tasks and is typical of psycho-motor skills in that the perceptual elements of identify and [choose] dominate the motor element of actual key pressing .

Select spells within them from the spells listed with Drachenfels ' profile .
[choose] spells within them from the spells listed with drachenfels ' profile .

Consequently , when the number of countries is small and each very similar , the clustering becomes particularly tight , thereby making it a matter of arbitrary choice to select any one variable for explanatory purposes .
consequently , when the number of countries is small and each very similar , the clustering becomes particularly tight , thereby making it a matter of arbitrary choice to [choose] any one variable for explanatory purposes .

Burton put himself alongside that select company .
burton put himself alongside that [choose] company .

An understanding of such variations should help pupils to select the appropriate vocabulary and grammar for a given purpose and to recognise why communication sometimes breaks down when inappropriate choices are made .
an understanding of such variations should help pupils to [choose] the appropriate vocabulary and grammar for a given purpose and to recognise why communication sometimes breaks down when inappropriate choices are made .

What does it feel like for the select band of lay students ? , a mother and trained nurse who commutes daily from Stockton on Tees , says : ‘ Ushaw 's students have made us feel very welcome .
what does it feel like for the [choose] band of lay students ? , a mother and trained nurse who commutes daily from stockton on tees , says : ‘ ushaw 's students have made us feel very welcome .

From the gospel record we know the precise number of Jesus ' select team of disciples and that on one occasion seventy were sent out two by two on a mission to prepare villages for Christ 's coming ( Luke 10 ) . Other ancient manuscripts give the number as seventy-two which shows that even then there was some confusion about statistics !
from the gospel record we know the precise number of jesus ' [choose] team of disciples and that on one occasion seventy were sent out two by two on a mission to prepare villages for christ 's coming ( luke 10 ) . other ancient manuscripts give the number as seventy-two which shows that even then there was some confusion about statistics !

Earlier m the century the select vestry in West Ham had implemented measures to deal with a perceived crisis in relief which were singularly effective in reducing relief and reasserting authoritarian values .
earlier m the century the [choose] vestry in west ham had implemented measures to deal with a perceived crisis in relief which were singularly effective in reducing relief and reasserting authoritarian values .

Thus the discourse of relief was transformed by the select vestry .
thus the discourse of relief was transformed by the [choose] vestry .

It was as if he were in two minds about something and must select his words with care .
it was as if he were in two minds about something and must [choose] his words with care .

So it is not surprising that each field-worker tries to select an unstudied people , or if that fails , a community whose present circumstances render them acutely interesting for ‘ theoretical reasons ’ .
so it is not surprising that each field-worker tries to [choose] an unstudied people , or if that fails , a community whose present circumstances render them acutely interesting for ‘ theoretical reasons ’ .

The company says all previous Unix systems have been based on a clock granularity of 100Hz and that it has developed an extension that allows an operator to select the clock or alarm granularity that optimises the equipment .
the company says all previous unix systems have been based on a clock granularity of 100hz and that it has developed an extension that allows an operator to [choose] the clock or alarm granularity that optimises the equipment .

Look through the list on the page opposite , select the fan club of your choice , send in the form with the remittance and receive six newsletters , six black and white photographs , plus a player biography , not to mention your free adidas accessory .
look through the list on the page opposite , [choose] the fan club of your choice , send in the form with the remittance and receive six newsletters , six black and white photographs , plus a player biography , not to mention your free adidas accessory .

The company points to the professional as evidence of the importance of string tension , citing numerous televised instances where professionals who change rackets after breaking a string , or the change of ends , tap the strings in an effort to select the right tensions for the prevailing circumstances .
the company points to the professional as evidence of the importance of string tension , citing numerous televised instances where professionals who change rackets after breaking a string , or the change of ends , tap the strings in an effort to [choose] the right tensions for the prevailing circumstances .

As television consumers , viewers have the right to select information from a variety of choices .
as television consumers , viewers have the right to [choose] information from a variety of choices .

Again , these head collars are available in various sizes , so you will need to select the most suitable size for your dog .
again , these head collars are available in various sizes , so you will need to [choose] the most suitable size for your dog .

It is important to select a vet in whom you have confidence however , because if you are nervous and worried these sensations will be transmitted to the dog .
it is important to [choose] a vet in whom you have confidence however , because if you are nervous and worried these sensations will be transmitted to the dog .

This is because they select inappropriate bait , mainly twigs and leaves .
this is because they [choose] inappropriate bait , mainly twigs and leaves .

Crabs that live in areas where empty shells are scarce select relatively large shells when given a free choice , compared with crabs living where there is an abundance of empty shells .
crabs that live in areas where empty shells are scarce [choose] relatively large shells when given a free choice , compared with crabs living where there is an abundance of empty shells .

Thus , one might try to select where the particles would come out by creating a black hole of the same mass as that into which the particles went down .
thus , one might try to [choose] where the particles would come out by creating a black hole of the same mass as that into which the particles went down .

The employer , or the architect on his behalf , for certain sections of a contract may provide a list , in or attached to the contract bills , of at least three sub-contractors from which the builder must select one able and willing to carry out the respective work .
the employer , or the architect on his behalf , for certain sections of a contract may provide a list , in or attached to the contract bills , of at least three sub-contractors from which the builder must [choose] one able and willing to carry out the respective work .

When the appointment of three arbitrators is required , each party selects one arbitrator , and the two arbitrators thus appointed select the third arbitrator who then heads the Arbitration Committee .
when the appointment of three arbitrators is required , each party selects one arbitrator , and the two arbitrators thus appointed [choose] the third arbitrator who then heads the arbitration committee .

Verbs such as present , mention , propose , and refer to , which relate to what the writer is doing in the paper itself , are usually in the present tense while verbs such as determine , record , select , and detect , which have to do with actual research , are usually in the past tense .
verbs such as present , mention , propose , and refer to , which relate to what the writer is doing in the paper itself , are usually in the present tense while verbs such as determine , record , [choose] , and detect , which have to do with actual research , are usually in the past tense .

The more pervasive a structure becomes in a given context , the more difficult it becomes for speakers and writers to select other structures or to depict events differently .
the more pervasive a structure becomes in a given context , the more difficult it becomes for speakers and writers to [choose] other structures or to depict events differently .

Note that , unlike fronting , using the passive voice allows the speaker to select as theme what would have been the object of an active clause without making it marked .
note that , unlike fronting , using the passive voice allows the speaker to [choose] as theme what would have been the object of an active clause without making it marked .

One of the options it allows a speaker is to select the element acting as subject as a marked thematic choice , an option not normally available since the subject is the unmarked theme of a declarative clause in English .
one of the options it allows a speaker is to [choose] the element acting as subject as a marked thematic choice , an option not normally available since the subject is the unmarked theme of a declarative clause in english .

Certainly , speakers are free to select from a wide range of surface forms in order to achieve a particular communicative purpose , and it is quite likely that they will do so to attain appropriate levels of politeness , solidarity or social distance .
certainly , speakers are free to [choose] from a wide range of surface forms in order to achieve a particular communicative purpose , and it is quite likely that they will do so to attain appropriate levels of politeness , solidarity or social distance .

Select sample unit and size ;
[choose] sample unit and size ;

( 1983 ) have found that although different nationalities broadly agree over landscape quality , select national groups produced a greater degree of similarity .
( 1983 ) have found that although different nationalities broadly agree over landscape quality , [choose] national groups produced a greater degree of similarity .

And if he did itself , he thought , as he doffed his cap to the carriage and shook hands with one of its shafts in mock farewell , at least he had reserved select accommodation where no one was likely to disturb him .
and if he did itself , he thought , as he doffed his cap to the carriage and shook hands with one of its shafts in mock farewell , at least he had reserved [choose] accommodation where no one was likely to disturb him .

Wherever Jews were to be found — whether in the Holy Land or in the far-flung Diaspora — his name had become a household word as one of the select band of zealots whose spirit had never relinquished the hope of one day setting up a Jewish state in Palestine .
wherever jews were to be found — whether in the holy land or in the far-flung diaspora — his name had become a household word as one of the [choose] band of zealots whose spirit had never relinquished the hope of one day setting up a jewish state in palestine .

Select committees were set up by the House with full powers of investigation .
[choose] committees were set up by the house with full powers of investigation .

Whether a guillotine has been imposed or not , the Speaker has the power to select and group amendments in order to cut down the number and to confine debate to the salient points , but even with this power of Speaker 's selection , a guillotine may mean that blocks of amendments are never reached .
whether a guillotine has been imposed or not , the speaker has the power to [choose] and group amendments in order to cut down the number and to confine debate to the salient points , but even with this power of speaker 's selection , a guillotine may mean that blocks of amendments are never reached .

Acting through the Leader of the House and the Chief Whip ( aided by the Opposition Chief Whip ) , the government appoints the members of select committees , nominates the chairmen , and can guide the committees by suggesting suitable subjects .
acting through the leader of the house and the chief whip ( aided by the opposition chief whip ) , the government appoints the members of [choose] committees , nominates the chairmen , and can guide the committees by suggesting suitable subjects .

Once on a committee , a backbencher is relatively safe and select committees have been known to reject government suggestions as to suitable subjects and go their own way .
once on a committee , a backbencher is relatively safe and [choose] committees have been known to reject government suggestions as to suitable subjects and go their own way .

Indeed , there is now a tendency for select committees to show some greater independence of spirit , particularly since 1979 when they were first appointed on a systematic rather than an ad hoc basis .
indeed , there is now a tendency for [choose] committees to show some greater independence of spirit , particularly since 1979 when they were first appointed on a systematic rather than an ad hoc basis .

The other great method of investigation and discovery of information was by the appointment of select committees , governments often feeling that they could not oppose motions seeking to elicit the facts on any situation .
the other great method of investigation and discovery of information was by the appointment of [choose] committees , governments often feeling that they could not oppose motions seeking to elicit the facts on any situation .

Of course , one of the new breed of select committees can review any matter that falls within its ambit , but their reports tend to lack the prestige of inquiries set up by ministers .
of course , one of the new breed of [choose] committees can review any matter that falls within its ambit , but their reports tend to lack the prestige of inquiries set up by ministers .

For a small number of less contentious bills , the normal proceedings of the standing committee were preceded by three sessions conducted on the lines of a select committee .
for a small number of less contentious bills , the normal proceedings of the standing committee were preceded by three sessions conducted on the lines of a [choose] committee .

This procedure is most suitable for bills that do not raise issues on which parties automatically disagree ; to use select committee-type sittings on such a bill would be to provide further time for repetition of standard partisan arguments .
this procedure is most suitable for bills that do not raise issues on which parties automatically disagree ; to use [choose] committee-type sittings on such a bill would be to provide further time for repetition of standard partisan arguments .

Yet the government is not keen to extend select committee-style examination of legislation , and it is not clear how far this process will be used in the future .
yet the government is not keen to extend [choose] committee-style examination of legislation , and it is not clear how far this process will be used in the future .

Labour members of the Select Committee on Procedure obtained permission from the Chancellor of the Exchequer and the Chief Labour Whip to look at this omission in the 1968–9 session .
labour members of the [choose] committee on procedure obtained permission from the chancellor of the exchequer and the chief labour whip to look at this omission in the 1968–9 session .

In July 1969 , the select committee reported in favour of the publication both of the five-year rolling programme in the form of an annual White Paper with a full explanation of what changes had been made that year , and of the Medium Term Economic Assessment .
in july 1969 , the [choose] committee reported in favour of the publication both of the five-year rolling programme in the form of an annual white paper with a full explanation of what changes had been made that year , and of the medium term economic assessment .

The report called for a major debate each year on this White Paper and recommended the creation of a new public Expenditure Select Committee to take the place of the former Estimates Committee .
the report called for a major debate each year on this white paper and recommended the creation of a new public expenditure [choose] committee to take the place of the former estimates committee .

The new Conservative Government after 1970 decided to accept the Select Committee on Procedure 's recommendations and a Select Committee on Expenditure of forty-nine members ( six subcommittees ) was created in 1971 .
the new conservative government after 1970 decided to accept the [choose] committee on procedure 's recommendations and a [choose] committee on expenditure of forty-nine members ( six subcommittees ) was created in 1971 .

In 1979 the Expenditure Committee was replaced by a team of a dozen select committees .
in 1979 the expenditure committee was replaced by a team of a dozen [choose] committees .

The functional select committees vary in the extent to which they pay attention to the expenditure proposals in departmental estimates .
the functional [choose] committees vary in the extent to which they pay attention to the expenditure proposals in departmental estimates .

However , there is a strong feeling among many backbenchers that the select committee system should be used to enhance parliamentary supervision of public expenditure .
however , there is a strong feeling among many backbenchers that the [choose] committee system should be used to enhance parliamentary supervision of public expenditure .

In 1981 the Procedure Committee asked that eight days should be allocated in the chamber for the discussion of particular estimates ; the estimates would be chosen by the liaison committee of chairmen of select committees , so this arrangement would provide a further opportunity of examining matters raised in committee inquiries .
in 1981 the procedure committee asked that eight days should be allocated in the chamber for the discussion of particular estimates ; the estimates would be chosen by the liaison committee of chairmen of [choose] committees , so this arrangement would provide a further opportunity of examining matters raised in committee inquiries .

The Heath Government appointed a Select Committee on the Corporation Tax and the subsequent Labour Government appointed one on a wealth tax , but both refused a permanent subcommittee on taxation so that there is still no mechanism by which the House of Commons can know about or participate in investigations of taxation problems or possible developments in policy .
the heath government appointed a [choose] committee on the corporation tax and the subsequent labour government appointed one on a wealth tax , but both refused a permanent subcommittee on taxation so that there is still no mechanism by which the house of commons can know about or participate in investigations of taxation problems or possible developments in policy .

So the great methods of exercising pressure were votes , speeches , the use of procedure to delay a measure and the demand for the relevant documents to be published or for the appointment of a select committee .
so the great methods of exercising pressure were votes , speeches , the use of procedure to delay a measure and the demand for the relevant documents to be published or for the appointment of a [choose] committee .

In addition , there have been attempts to increase the influence of the House in a manner which escapes party divisions , particularly by the creation of more select or ‘ specialist ’ committees .
in addition , there have been attempts to increase the influence of the house in a manner which escapes party divisions , particularly by the creation of more [choose] or ‘ specialist ’ committees .

Standing and select committees
standing and [choose] committees

For this purpose , they advised the creation of permanent or standing select ( specialist ) committees with powers of interrogation and investigation to watch over each area of government action .
for this purpose , they advised the creation of permanent or standing [choose] ( specialist ) committees with powers of interrogation and investigation to watch over each area of government action .

These select committees were not intended to be tied to producing particular reports , but were to collect information and let the House and the public know what disputes were going on and what agreements were being reached within ministries , between them and between civil servants and outside pressure groups .
these [choose] committees were not intended to be tied to producing particular reports , but were to collect information and let the house and the public know what disputes were going on and what agreements were being reached within ministries , between them and between civil servants and outside pressure groups .

The select committees , in contrast , were to be investigating bodies where policy issues were not of first importance , the principal task being to find out what was happening inside the various government departments , to inform the House and the public , thus bringing public opinion to bear at an earlier stage while policy was still relatively fluid .
the [choose] committees , in contrast , were to be investigating bodies where policy issues were not of first importance , the principal task being to find out what was happening inside the various government departments , to inform the house and the public , thus bringing public opinion to bear at an earlier stage while policy was still relatively fluid .

This type of committee was modelled on the Select Committee on Nationalized Industries which had been set up in 1955 because it was felt that Parliament could not adequately control the range of corporations it had created .
this type of committee was modelled on the [choose] committee on nationalized industries which had been set up in 1955 because it was felt that parliament could not adequately control the range of corporations it had created .

Later , further select committees were established on education , Scottish affairs , overseas aid and race relations ; the Agriculture Committee was closed down .
later , further [choose] committees were established on education , scottish affairs , overseas aid and race relations ; the agriculture committee was closed down .

In 1978 the Select Committee on Procedure urged the creation of a series of select committees specialized by function as a permanent feature of parliamentary life .
in 1978 the [choose] committee on procedure urged the creation of a series of [choose] committees specialized by function as a permanent feature of parliamentary life .

Those who have urged wider activity by select committees were faced with some uncertainty about how MPs would react to this development .
those who have urged wider activity by [choose] committees were faced with some uncertainty about how mps would react to this development .

The slow evolution of select committee work has helped to ensure that both these obstacles have been surmounted .
the slow evolution of [choose] committee work has helped to ensure that both these obstacles have been surmounted .

Without question , these select committees constitute a major development of the work of the Commons .
without question , these [choose] committees constitute a major development of the work of the commons .

How far do select committees influence the general atmosphere in the House of Commons ?
how far do [choose] committees influence the general atmosphere in the house of commons ?

But the non-party style of select committees involves more MPs than ever before .
but the non-party style of [choose] committees involves more mps than ever before .

Besides the fourteen committees discussed above that are concerned with the policy and administration of particular departments , there are further select committees on public accounts , privilege , statutory instruments , the Parliamentary Commissioner for Administration and others besides .
besides the fourteen committees discussed above that are concerned with the policy and administration of particular departments , there are further [choose] committees on public accounts , privilege , statutory instruments , the parliamentary commissioner for administration and others besides .

Over half the backbenchers are regularly involved with select committee activity .
over half the backbenchers are regularly involved with [choose] committee activity .

It is not uncommon for a government backbencher to support his select committee as opposed to a ministerial view .
it is not uncommon for a government backbencher to support his [choose] committee as opposed to a ministerial view .

So it is arguable that the select committees promote independence of mind among MPs and make them less willing to vote automatically as the whips would like .
so it is arguable that the [choose] committees promote independence of mind among mps and make them less willing to vote automatically as the whips would like .

Some party leaders and whips dislike the new select committees because they encourage an independent approach , but the system is now quite strongly established and is likely to continue .
some party leaders and whips dislike the new [choose] committees because they encourage an independent approach , but the system is now quite strongly established and is likely to continue .

If the newcomers have fairly extreme opinions , some towards the Right and some towards the Left , it will be more difficult for the select committee atmosphere to mould them into a team upholding the legislature as opposed to the government of the day .
if the newcomers have fairly extreme opinions , some towards the right and some towards the left , it will be more difficult for the [choose] committee atmosphere to mould them into a team upholding the legislature as opposed to the government of the day .

When select committees of the House of Commons call civil servants as witnesses , problems occasionally arise .
when [choose] committees of the house of commons call civil servants as witnesses , problems occasionally arise .

The officials want and respect a minister who can pick up a problem quickly , select from among the alternatives the line most in accord with the outlook of his Cabinet colleagues and his party , who is courageous and can win any necessary battles with other departments outside or inside the Cabinet , and who can explain the policy well in public .
the officials want and respect a minister who can pick up a problem quickly , [choose] from among the alternatives the line most in accord with the outlook of his cabinet colleagues and his party , who is courageous and can win any necessary battles with other departments outside or inside the cabinet , and who can explain the policy well in public .

In particular , the extension of the select committee system has meant that more civil servants have attended Parliament to provide information about the work for which they are responsible .
in particular , the extension of the [choose] committee system has meant that more civil servants have attended parliament to provide information about the work for which they are responsible .

In 1986 , as part of the aftermath of the Westland controversy , the Select Committee on Defence sought to question particular civil servants about their role in leaking to the press a letter from the Solicitor-General to the Secretary for Defence .
in 1986 , as part of the aftermath of the westland controversy , the [choose] committee on defence sought to question particular civil servants about their role in leaking to the press a letter from the solicitor-general to the secretary for defence .

The government argued that select committees could examine the actions of civil servants but not their conduct .
the government argued that [choose] committees could examine the actions of civil servants but not their conduct .

Certainly , it is not the function of select committees to discipline civil servants .
certainly , it is not the function of [choose] committees to discipline civil servants .

However , a select committee can ask that ministers review the conduct of a particular official .
however , a [choose] committee can ask that ministers review the conduct of a particular official .

It is scarcely surprising that when the Select Committee on Nationalized Industries examined this problem it found a ‘ lack of clarity and certainty and purpose ’ among what it called the sponsoring government departments .
it is scarcely surprising that when the [choose] committee on nationalized industries examined this problem it found a ‘ lack of clarity and certainty and purpose ’ among what it called the sponsoring government departments .

The select committee then went on to recommend very much the same principles as the Fulton Committee wanted to see adopted widely in the civil service .
the [choose] committee then went on to recommend very much the same principles as the fulton committee wanted to see adopted widely in the civil service .

The major method of ensuring public accountability is through select committees of the House of Commons .
the major method of ensuring public accountability is through [choose] committees of the house of commons .

Originally , in 1955 , a select committee was appointed to give specialized attention to the nationalized industries : when a full range of select committees were established in 1979 , the Committee on Nationalized Industries was discontinued and its responsibilities transferred to the appropriate functional committees , e.g .
originally , in 1955 , a [choose] committee was appointed to give specialized attention to the nationalized industries : when a full range of [choose] committees were established in 1979 , the committee on nationalized industries was discontinued and its responsibilities transferred to the appropriate functional committees , e.g .

The new select committee system has strengthened parliamentary scrutiny over government departments : why should there not be a similar advance in relation to nationalized industries ?
the new [choose] committee system has strengthened parliamentary scrutiny over government departments : why should there not be a similar advance in relation to nationalized industries ?

They were also protagonists of greater parliamentary supervision of the nationalized industries and supported the creation of the select committee on these industries against Labour resistance in the mid 1950s .
they were also protagonists of greater parliamentary supervision of the nationalized industries and supported the creation of the [choose] committee on these industries against labour resistance in the mid 1950s .

It must be remembered that Lord Chancellors in making their appointments to the High Court have a relatively small group to select from .
it must be remembered that lord chancellors in making their appointments to the high court have a relatively small group to [choose] from .

‘ Do n't forget , Marron , ’ the captain said harshly , ‘ the bluelight is supposed to increase your ability to select appropriate options — you know , make you more decisive .
‘ do n't forget , marron , ’ the captain said harshly , ‘ the bluelight is supposed to increase your ability to [choose] appropriate options — you know , make you more decisive .

Select a prime near to 100 000 — say 99 991 — and divide .
[choose] a prime near to 100 000 — say 99 991 — and divide .

1 Square the key and select a part
1 square the key and [choose] a part

Generally , a combination of words or phrases is used as descriptors that can be combined to select the desired record .
generally , a combination of words or phrases is used as descriptors that can be combined to [choose] the desired record .

In this case it was a jury of 12 which , by its verdict , appeared to be commenting on the legitimacy of governmental action in attempting to mislead the Foreign Affairs Select Committee about the circumstances surrounding the sinking of the General Belgrano , an Argentinian warship , during the Falklands Campaign in 1982 .
in this case it was a jury of 12 which , by its verdict , appeared to be commenting on the legitimacy of governmental action in attempting to mislead the foreign affairs [choose] committee about the circumstances surrounding the sinking of the general belgrano , an argentinian warship , during the falklands campaign in 1982 .

Only if a just result can be achieved without violating the legislative purpose of the statute may the judge select the construction which best suits his idea of what justice requires .
only if a just result can be achieved without violating the legislative purpose of the statute may the judge [choose] the construction which best suits his idea of what justice requires .

Select numbering , the works .
[choose] numbering , the works .

With a select few , he flew to Guinea : the nearest point to Ghana where he would be accepted .
with a [choose] few , he flew to guinea : the nearest point to ghana where he would be accepted .

Students have a very wide choice of projects to select from , indeed they can suggest projects of their own .
students have a very wide choice of projects to [choose] from , indeed they can suggest projects of their own .

As there is probably a large number of variables that might be socially interesting , it is necessary to select a representative sub-sample of different types of variable in a well-motivated way , and to specify the range of potential linguistic variation that lexical items in these sets may undergo .
as there is probably a large number of variables that might be socially interesting , it is necessary to [choose] a representative sub-sample of different types of variable in a well-motivated way , and to specify the range of potential linguistic variation that lexical items in these sets may undergo .

It is procedural only : we used it in Belfast as a guideline to help us to select variables that would represent broader and narrower patterns of lexical coverage .
it is procedural only : we used it in belfast as a guideline to help us to [choose] variables that would represent broader and narrower patterns of lexical coverage .

The intention here was to test our theory by making things difficult for ourselves : it would have been much easier to select upper-middle class communities and to demonstrate gross differences between them and the inner city .
the intention here was to test our theory by making things difficult for ourselves : it would have been much easier to [choose] upper-middle class communities and to demonstrate gross differences between them and the inner city .

In order to show that there are differences in language , therefore , we have to listen to many hours of tape-recorded speech , select variables that we believe may pattern in some way , and quantify .
in order to show that there are differences in language , therefore , we have to listen to many hours of tape-recorded speech , [choose] variables that we believe may pattern in some way , and quantify .

Its key terms , such as ‘ action ’ and ‘ act ’ , are universal , and it is no coincidence that ethogenic theorists tend to select illustrative materials across the ranges of historical and anthropological sources .
its key terms , such as ‘ action ’ and ‘ act ’ , are universal , and it is no coincidence that ethogenic theorists tend to [choose] illustrative materials across the ranges of historical and anthropological sources .

In raising the issue of the monarchy , it has not been the intention to select a bizarre , perhaps even frivolous topic , but one , the examination of which should raise important issues about contemporary ideology .
in raising the issue of the monarchy , it has not been the intention to [choose] a bizarre , perhaps even frivolous topic , but one , the examination of which should raise important issues about contemporary ideology .

If you were considering ( either by yourself or with others ) taking over the Blue Parrot , what factors would influence you in deciding which form of business organization to select ?
if you were considering ( either by yourself or with others ) taking over the blue parrot , what factors would influence you in deciding which form of business organization to [choose] ?

If you were considering ( either by yourself or with others ) taking over the Blue Parrot , what factors would influence you in deciding which form of business organization to select ?
if you were considering ( either by yourself or with others ) taking over the blue parrot , what factors would influence you in deciding which form of business organization to [choose] ?

It also accounts for the extraordinary ability of shoppers to select from a huge array those goods most appropriate to themselves and their close friends or relatives .
it also accounts for the extraordinary ability of shoppers to [choose] from a huge array those goods most appropriate to themselves and their close friends or relatives .

Other oversight bodies would include Select Committees and audit agencies .
other oversight bodies would include [choose] committees and audit agencies .

Broad objectives are set out in enabling legislation and are subsequently amplified as a result of statutory instrument ; ministerial directions ; discussions of the House of Commons Select Committees ; Committees of Enquiry ; consumer councils ; and so on .
broad objectives are set out in enabling legislation and are subsequently amplified as a result of statutory instrument ; ministerial directions ; discussions of the house of commons [choose] committees ; committees of enquiry ; consumer councils ; and so on .

Public expenditure is also examined by Select Committees of the House of Commons , which study in detail the activities of government departments and require the attendance of ministers and officials for cross-examination .
public expenditure is also examined by [choose] committees of the house of commons , which study in detail the activities of government departments and require the attendance of ministers and officials for cross-examination .

The system of Select Committees was reformed in 1979 in line with the recommendations of the 1978 Report of the Select Committee on Procedure .
the system of [choose] committees was reformed in 1979 in line with the recommendations of the 1978 report of the [choose] committee on procedure .

The 14 Select Committees are as follows : This then is the basic framework for controlling public expenditure at the central government level .
the 14 [choose] committees are as follows : this then is the basic framework for controlling public expenditure at the central government level .

Clearly Select Committees will have an important role to play in further developing the presentation of these reports to ensure that they provide greater accountability .
clearly [choose] committees will have an important role to play in further developing the presentation of these reports to ensure that they provide greater accountability .

Here the facilitator and originator jointly select a group of experts within the organization to review the idea .
here the facilitator and originator jointly [choose] a group of experts within the organization to review the idea .

The officer 's power to select what gets known to his supervisor may be exploited to support an image of competence which he can present in the reports he supplies .
the officer 's power to [choose] what gets known to his supervisor may be exploited to support an image of competence which he can present in the reports he supplies .

Furthermore , the interpretation can not be left undecided : both speaker and hearer must select a reading ( the same reading ) if the sentence is to play its part in a normal conversational exchange .
furthermore , the interpretation can not be left undecided : both speaker and hearer must [choose] a reading ( the same reading ) if the sentence is to play its part in a normal conversational exchange .

The simultaneous bringing into play of two senses can be effected either by coordination , as in 32 , where John and his driving licence select different senses of the verb expire , or by anaphora , as in 33 :
the simultaneous bringing into play of two senses can be effected either by coordination , as in 32 , where john and his driving licence [choose] different senses of the verb expire , or by anaphora , as in 33 :

Similarly , after a report of the 1968 Parliamentary Select Committee , a greater share of inspection was also left to LEAs : the ‘ duty ’ of the Minister to cause inspections was officially interpreted as a ‘ right ’ .
similarly , after a report of the 1968 parliamentary [choose] committee , a greater share of inspection was also left to leas : the ‘ duty ’ of the minister to cause inspections was officially interpreted as a ‘ right ’ .

‘ For purely practical reasons we do not permit debates in either House to be cited : it would add greatly to the time and expense involved in preparing cases involving the construction of a statute if counsel were expected to read all the debates in Hansard , and it would often be impracticable for counsel to get access to at least the older reports of debates in Select Committees of the House of Commons ; moreover , in a very large proportion of cases such a search , even if practicable , would throw no light on the question before the court .
‘ for purely practical reasons we do not permit debates in either house to be cited : it would add greatly to the time and expense involved in preparing cases involving the construction of a statute if counsel were expected to read all the debates in hansard , and it would often be impracticable for counsel to get access to at least the older reports of debates in [choose] committees of the house of commons ; moreover , in a very large proportion of cases such a search , even if practicable , would throw no light on the question before the court .

For in June 1825 Henry Woodruffe and Thomas Hodson , clerks respectively at South Shields and Sunderland , gave evidence to the Select Committee on the Combination Laws .
for in june 1825 henry woodruffe and thomas hodson , clerks respectively at south shields and sunderland , gave evidence to the [choose] committee on the combination laws .

The Loyal Standard emerges from history as the epitome of the moderation which its leaders sought to convey to a hostile Select Committee .
the loyal standard emerges from history as the epitome of the moderation which its leaders sought to convey to a hostile [choose] committee .

James Ballingall , manager of the London and Kirkaldy Shipping Company and a former seaman , made it his business to advertise weaknesses of naval architecture as well as crewing and a Select Committee of 1836 found British ships to be ill constructed and badly maintained and their masters and officers frequently drunken and incompetent .
james ballingall , manager of the london and kirkaldy shipping company and a former seaman , made it his business to advertise weaknesses of naval architecture as well as crewing and a [choose] committee of 1836 found british ships to be ill constructed and badly maintained and their masters and officers frequently drunken and incompetent .

In one sense Lewis and Shinwell were simply more aggravated and tougher manifestations of Wilson 's old problem of selecting , or being free to select , the right people to develop and run the union 's local organisation and of retaining control over their activities .
in one sense lewis and shinwell were simply more aggravated and tougher manifestations of wilson 's old problem of selecting , or being free to [choose] , the right people to develop and run the union 's local organisation and of retaining control over their activities .

The following ten sections select a few of the aspects of the technique of using your native language effectively .
the following ten sections [choose] a few of the aspects of the technique of using your native language effectively .

( 1 ) Select a number of consecutive sentences whose combined wordage is not much under or not much over 100 .
( 1 ) [choose] a number of consecutive sentences whose combined wordage is not much under or not much over 100 .

The dolphin 's echolocation system is good enough not only to allow it to find fish but also to select its favourite food .
the dolphin 's echolocation system is good enough not only to allow it to find fish but also to [choose] its favourite food .

In an experiment , people were given three identical T-shirts to smell and asked to select the one that they had worn .
in an experiment , people were given three identical t-shirts to smell and asked to [choose] the one that they had worn .

In similar experiments , mothers could select T-shirts worn by their children .
in similar experiments , mothers could [choose] t-shirts worn by their children .

If you do not select the sort of exercise that your enjoy , there is n't very much hope of you sticking to it , is there ?
if you do not [choose] the sort of exercise that your enjoy , there is n't very much hope of you sticking to it , is there ?

So select the sort of exercise that you like .
so [choose] the sort of exercise that you like .

It is also a very time-consuming process as it of course doubles the viewing time to select what is to be edited .
it is also a very time-consuming process as it of course doubles the viewing time to [choose] what is to be edited .

You would , of course , not be likely to select a sequence just because it would stand on its own .
you would , of course , not be likely to [choose] a sequence just because it would stand on its own .

You are most likely to select documentary material for its subject matter . The most important question is therefore : Is the topic of interest to your students ? Is it something they want to know about ? Can it be related in any way to their own experience ? For example is there something similar happening in their own country so that they might compare and contrast practice in one country and another ?
you are most likely to [choose] documentary material for its subject matter . the most important question is therefore : is the topic of interest to your students ? is it something they want to know about ? can it be related in any way to their own experience ? for example is there something similar happening in their own country so that they might compare and contrast practice in one country and another ?

Try to select material which uses pictures to tell at least some of the story and then make sure that you exploit this in your use of it in the language class .
try to [choose] material which uses pictures to tell at least some of the story and then make sure that you exploit this in your use of it in the language class .

You will need a steady supply of up-to-date programmes if you are to exploit their topical nature and you will need to be able to preview regularly to select what is appropriate .
you will need a steady supply of up-to-date programmes if you are to exploit their topical nature and you will need to be able to preview regularly to [choose] what is appropriate .

You can select track one or track two , or you can play a `` mix `` of the two .
you can [choose] track one or track two , or you can play a `` mix `` of the two .

With videodisc it is possible to select the frame precisely and speedily so that a set of stills on the screen could very easily be used .
with videodisc it is possible to [choose] the frame precisely and speedily so that a set of stills on the screen could very easily be used .

You know what materials you have to select from .
you know what materials you have to [choose] from .

The approach is similar : select sequences of the right length for your purpose ; set previewing tasks or questions ; allow time for follow-up discussion .
the approach is similar : [choose] sequences of the right length for your purpose ; set previewing tasks or questions ; allow time for follow-up discussion .

It is the historian who decides what facts mean , whether they are important , and which ones he is going to select as part of his interpretation .
it is the historian who decides what facts mean , whether they are important , and which ones he is going to [choose] as part of his interpretation .

The historian must first personally select the facts that he presents in his narrative because he can not include them all .
the historian must first personally [choose] the facts that he presents in his narrative because he can not include them all .

Select ideas and information that are new and " file " in your mental system ( you have n't got one ? ! ) or add to your notes .
[choose] ideas and information that are new and " file " in your mental system ( you have n't got one ? ! ) or add to your notes .

Note-making , fundamentally , requires you to understand the subject matter , select the relevant ideas and information and reorganise that material in a note-format .
note-making , fundamentally , requires you to understand the subject matter , [choose] the relevant ideas and information and reorganise that material in a note-format .

4 . Of all these factors ( 1 , 2 and 3 above ) is it possible to select the most important cause(s) of an event or idea in the long or short term ?
4 . of all these factors ( 1 , 2 and 3 above ) is it possible to [choose] the most important cause(s) of an event or idea in the long or short term ?

If ( b ) then select only those points ( ideas , facts , differing interpretations ) that substantiate and clarify your existing knowledge .
if ( b ) then [choose] only those points ( ideas , facts , differing interpretations ) that substantiate and clarify your existing knowledge .

Select your own key-words carefully .
[choose] your own key-words carefully .

( d ) " the ability to select and organise relevant knowledge … to analyse and answer specific historical questions . "
( d ) " the ability to [choose] and organise relevant knowledge … to analyse and answer specific historical questions . "

" Every question asked requires historical information to be applied : the basic need here is for the candidate to select information which is relevant and to organise it in such a way that it is directed towards answering the specific question asked . "
" every question asked requires historical information to be applied : the basic need here is for the candidate to [choose] information which is relevant and to organise it in such a way that it is directed towards answering the specific question asked . "

Mastery of the information must be proved by marshalling it , that is in the way you select and organize information relevant to the question .
mastery of the information must be proved by marshalling it , that is in the way you [choose] and organize information relevant to the question .

Select one key factor to highlight in relation to the main topic and do not mention the others .
[choose] one key factor to highlight in relation to the main topic and do not mention the others .

The simple answer is that you must select information from your notes to suit the question .
the simple answer is that you must [choose] information from your notes to suit the question .

Vigorously re-organise and select the information for the best effect and to suit your planned answer .
vigorously re-organise and [choose] the information for the best effect and to suit your planned answer .

Firstly you must select quotations carefully ; they must do a job efficiently .
firstly you must [choose] quotations carefully ; they must do a job efficiently .

Avoid the temptation to select too much .
avoid the temptation to [choose] too much .

I.The evidence does not speak for itself . It is the historian who decides which evidence he will select and reject , and the choice will depend on :
i.the evidence does not speak for itself . it is the historian who decides which evidence he will [choose] and reject , and the choice will depend on :

You will have to consider the evidence , select from it , and add your own interpretation according to the demands of a specific task — a set essay for example .
you will have to consider the evidence , [choose] from it , and add your own interpretation according to the demands of a specific task — a set essay for example .

4. select relevant information .
4. [choose] relevant information .

To reduce the number of words : ( a ) Select the words which seem to you to be important for retaining the important messages of the document key words , points of understanding or argument , main points in support .
to reduce the number of words : ( a ) [choose] the words which seem to you to be important for retaining the important messages of the document key words , points of understanding or argument , main points in support .

Alternatively an historian may select that evidence which matches the interpretation which he or she wants to put on it .
alternatively an historian may [choose] that evidence which matches the interpretation which he or she wants to put on it .

Nucella might be expected to select its prey in a frequency dependent manner ; that is , to feed indiscriminately upon the various potential prey species , taking them in their order of occurrence .
nucella might be expected to [choose] its prey in a frequency dependent manner ; that is , to feed indiscriminately upon the various potential prey species , taking them in their order of occurrence .

Crabs select the larger individuals from amongst first-year dog-whelks ( Feare , 1970a ) so that rapid growth at this stage may decrease the individual 's chances of survival .
crabs [choose] the larger individuals from amongst first-year dog-whelks ( feare , 1970a ) so that rapid growth at this stage may decrease the individual 's chances of survival .

pigmented whelks did not select mussels any more often than white ones did ) .
pigmented whelks did not [choose] mussels any more often than white ones did ) .

They form a component of some social stratification systems simply because members of those systems select certain characteristics and evaluate them in a particular way .
they form a component of some social stratification systems simply because members of those systems [choose] certain characteristics and evaluate them in a particular way .

In such circumstances it is absolutely necessary that the school should have an admissions policy of some kind in order to select from all those who have expressed such preference which of them are to be accepted and which rejected .
in such circumstances it is absolutely necessary that the school should have an admissions policy of some kind in order to [choose] from all those who have expressed such preference which of them are to be accepted and which rejected .

But that set does not select itself .
but that set does not [choose] itself .

It is not an adequate defence of the inductivist position to point out that parents and teachers select a set of red objects when teaching children to understand the concept ‘ red ’ , for we are interested in how the concept first acquired its meaning .
it is not an adequate defence of the inductivist position to point out that parents and teachers [choose] a set of red objects when teaching children to understand the concept ‘ red ’ , for we are interested in how the concept first acquired its meaning .

Not only Kleon but the equally detested figure of Hyperbolus ( detested , that is , by Thucydides and Aristophanes ) looks a little different and more respectable when tested against documentary evidence , just as radio broadcasts of puerile exchanges in the House of Commons ignore the work on Select Committees on which most MPs spend most of their time .
not only kleon but the equally detested figure of hyperbolus ( detested , that is , by thucydides and aristophanes ) looks a little different and more respectable when tested against documentary evidence , just as radio broadcasts of puerile exchanges in the house of commons ignore the work on [choose] committees on which most mps spend most of their time .

The opal , the most recent addition to the select company of precious stones , is a hardened gel deposited from a silica-rich solution in the fissures and seams of different kinds of rock .
the opal , the most recent addition to the [choose] company of precious stones , is a hardened gel deposited from a silica-rich solution in the fissures and seams of different kinds of rock .

Along with Turlington , Cindy Crawford , Naomi Campbell and Linda Evangelista , Schiffer is one of the select group of supermodel icons who have achieved international celebrity .
along with turlington , cindy crawford , naomi campbell and linda evangelista , schiffer is one of the [choose] group of supermodel icons who have achieved international celebrity .

Among the select coterie of French couturiers , no one has had as consistent an influence on menswear around the world as Christian Dior .
among the [choose] coterie of french couturiers , no one has had as consistent an influence on menswear around the world as christian dior .

Subsequently — just to select some of the outstanding incidents — there were major riots at Hull in 1976 , Gartree in 1979 and Albany in 1993 .
subsequently — just to [choose] some of the outstanding incidents — there were major riots at hull in 1976 , gartree in 1979 and albany in 1993 .

You select the facts that are telling ( pun intended ) , the facts that will advance your story or make clear your characters or even make your locations easy to assimilate , and you hope that from them you can produce something that is not too far distant from the unwritable reality .
you [choose] the facts that are telling ( pun intended ) , the facts that will advance your story or make clear your characters or even make your locations easy to assimilate , and you hope that from them you can produce something that is not too far distant from the unwritable reality .

Under such circumstances it was programmed to select an orbit around the largest near planetary mass , emitting a distress signal until it was recovered .
under such circumstances it was programmed to [choose] an orbit around the largest near planetary mass , emitting a distress signal until it was recovered .

He joined Rakovsky 's select team of young Intelligence operatives .
he joined rakovsky 's [choose] team of young intelligence operatives .

There is also , however , a system of select committees .
there is also , however , a system of [choose] committees .

Then there are select committees on the work of the Parliamentary Commissioner for Administration ( the ‘ Ombudsman ’ ) , on Statutory Instruments and on European Legislation .
then there are [choose] committees on the work of the parliamentary commissioner for administration ( the ‘ ombudsman ’ ) , on statutory instruments and on european legislation .

This waiting time will in most cases select out those children whose effusions are short lived .
this waiting time will in most cases [choose] out those children whose effusions are short lived .

And we appreciate how honoured we are to be among the select few who they chose to share this very special occasion with them .
and we appreciate how honoured we are to be among the [choose] few who they chose to share this very special occasion with them .

Select part , or all , of the following paragraphs , according to whether the parties have been recently widowed/divorced or alone for many years . )
[choose] part , or all , of the following paragraphs , according to whether the parties have been recently widowed/divorced or alone for many years . )

Select a place where they are easy to reach , and keep them there all the time so that you do not have to hunt for them .
[choose] a place where they are easy to reach , and keep them there all the time so that you do not have to hunt for them .

To build these clever applications , you just select from menus or fill in the blanks on forms .
to build these clever applications , you just [choose] from menus or fill in the blanks on forms .

But you can take a look at the instructions ; if you select the Reveal Codes menu option , the screen splits in two , with the formatting codes revealed in the lower screen .
but you can take a look at the instructions ; if you [choose] the reveal codes menu option , the screen splits in two , with the formatting codes revealed in the lower screen .

You can use it to point and click at things on the screen , open menus , select from lists , mark areas of text , and even edit them .
you can use it to point and click at things on the screen , open menus , [choose] from lists , mark areas of text , and even edit them .

Select one and off you go again .
[choose] one and off you go again .

With this icon highlighted , you can pop down the File menu and select Properties .
with this icon highlighted , you can pop down the file menu and [choose] properties .

Double click on the Windows Setup icon , pop down Options and select Setup Applications .
double click on the windows setup icon , pop down options and [choose] setup applications .

Then select ‘ Ask you to specify an application ’ which lets you browse for applications .
then [choose] ‘ ask you to specify an application ’ which lets you browse for applications .

It helps if these are on show , and makes it easier to select text accurately without disturbing the formatting of paragraphs which need no further editing .
it helps if these are on show , and makes it easier to [choose] text accurately without disturbing the formatting of paragraphs which need no further editing .

Now highlight the second heading , pop down the list of styles and select Bold Centre .
now highlight the second heading , pop down the list of styles and [choose] bold centre .

With the new document active on your screen , select Style from the Format menu .
with the new document active on your screen , [choose] style from the format menu .

… select Style ’ and highlight the style to be added to the global template .
… [choose] style ’ and highlight the style to be added to the global template .

Furthermore , aggregated data from this source presented to the House of Commons Select Committee on Health show that in approximately two thirds of births registered solely by the mother she is classified as unoccupied .
furthermore , aggregated data from this source presented to the house of commons [choose] committee on health show that in approximately two thirds of births registered solely by the mother she is classified as unoccupied .

On a select number of occasions the licensing authority has decided not to disclose to the medical profession and patients the data behind reasons for its decisions — for example , those relating to Opren ( benoxoprofen ) and Halcion ( triazolam ) .
on a [choose] number of occasions the licensing authority has decided not to disclose to the medical profession and patients the data behind reasons for its decisions — for example , those relating to opren ( benoxoprofen ) and halcion ( triazolam ) .

The testing also serves to select patients suitable for rehabilitation ( excluding those at extreme ends of the fitness spectrum ) and in itself forms an important aspect of rehabilitation .
the testing also serves to [choose] patients suitable for rehabilitation ( excluding those at extreme ends of the fitness spectrum ) and in itself forms an important aspect of rehabilitation .

The analyses by the strategy unit revealed difficulties in maintaining the principle of access to services on the basis of need , against incentives to select patients on the basis of their insurance status .
the analyses by the strategy unit revealed difficulties in maintaining the principle of access to services on the basis of need , against incentives to [choose] patients on the basis of their insurance status .

In 1978 , it was decided to select ten small towns which , because of their beautifully preserved old quarters , ambience of arts and crafts , and situation away from the routine tourist tracks , would be a family unto themselves through their subtle relationship of styles , and give a cross-section of Swiss life of today and yesterday .
in 1978 , it was decided to [choose] ten small towns which , because of their beautifully preserved old quarters , ambience of arts and crafts , and situation away from the routine tourist tracks , would be a family unto themselves through their subtle relationship of styles , and give a cross-section of swiss life of today and yesterday .

They had found Montparnasse and had installed themselves unwittingly in the brothel , the Hôtel Select , making friends also with the girls who haunted the nearby Café Ambiance .
they had found montparnasse and had installed themselves unwittingly in the brothel , the hôtel [choose] , making friends also with the girls who haunted the nearby café ambiance .

That is why it is so important for us to be exactly clear what we mean by support teaching , and which ‘ model ’ of support teaching is under investigation , before we can select our criteria for evaluation appropriately ( see Table 8.3 ) .
that is why it is so important for us to be exactly clear what we mean by support teaching , and which ‘ model ’ of support teaching is under investigation , before we can [choose] our criteria for evaluation appropriately ( see table 8.3 ) .

The problem is not to find them , but to select and order them comprehensibly .
the problem is not to find them , but to [choose] and order them comprehensibly .

This is not a criticism of the theories in themselves , but if discourse analysis is to incorporate them , and to demonstrate their relevance to the language learner , it will need to test their value in interpreting language which has actually occurred ; to select what is relevant from context rather than invent a few elements of it ; to account for writing as well as speech , and to account for discourse where there is no constant feedback from the receiver who may not even be present .
this is not a criticism of the theories in themselves , but if discourse analysis is to incorporate them , and to demonstrate their relevance to the language learner , it will need to test their value in interpreting language which has actually occurred ; to [choose] what is relevant from context rather than invent a few elements of it ; to account for writing as well as speech , and to account for discourse where there is no constant feedback from the receiver who may not even be present .

Could it be that we just select randomly , in free variation , perhaps to add a little variety for its own sake ?
could it be that we just [choose] randomly , in free variation , perhaps to add a little variety for its own sake ?

Just as a phonetician may select , from the general phonetic features available , the features voiced , bilabial and stop , but not lateral , to characterise a [ b ] , so , he suggests , the analyst may choose from the contextual features , those necessary to characterise a particular communicative event .
just as a phonetician may [choose] , from the general phonetic features available , the features voiced , bilabial and stop , but not lateral , to characterise a [ b ] , so , he suggests , the analyst may choose from the contextual features , those necessary to characterise a particular communicative event .

The number and density of flying bodies make it almost impossible for them to select and catch a particular individual .
the number and density of flying bodies make it almost impossible for them to [choose] and catch a particular individual .

What has to be recognized , though , is that to a large extent , consumers select the stimuli to which they will respond .
what has to be recognized , though , is that to a large extent , consumers [choose] the stimuli to which they will respond .

You select an area of the country in which you run different advertising from the advertising you run in the rest of the country .
you [choose] an area of the country in which you run different advertising from the advertising you run in the rest of the country .

On the basis of this type of analysis , the planner can then apply his or her judgement — of the suitability of individual publications for the product , and of the type of deal that it might be possible to negotiate — to select the final mix of publications .
on the basis of this type of analysis , the planner can then apply his or her judgement — of the suitability of individual publications for the product , and of the type of deal that it might be possible to negotiate — to [choose] the final mix of publications .

But before he could select the right tone and story-line for these particular circumstances , there was a diversion .
but before he could [choose] the right tone and story-line for these particular circumstances , there was a diversion .

If we select a more suitable set of relations , then we can get by with fewer connectives .
if we [choose] a more suitable set of relations , then we can get by with fewer connectives .

Select the node n whose distance d from this input is least .
[choose] the node n whose distance d from this input is least .

If you prefer that the algorithm should not invent new weights , but only select existing weights from the parent strings , then the crossover points marked ’ x ’ may only be at the ends of 8-bit sequences .
if you prefer that the algorithm should not invent new weights , but only [choose] existing weights from the parent strings , then the crossover points marked ’ x ’ may only be at the ends of 8-bit sequences .

Detector manufacturers select the type and number of batteries used in any particular model , according to two main factors : the power required and the space available .
detector manufacturers [choose] the type and number of batteries used in any particular model , according to two main factors : the power required and the space available .

The real problem , of course , is that with only one prize in the art world it is so difficult to select only four artists who have made a major contribution over a year .
the real problem , of course , is that with only one prize in the art world it is so difficult to [choose] only four artists who have made a major contribution over a year .

Last May , however , in response to the House of Commons Agriculture Select Committee report on ‘ Land Use and Forestry ’ and to public pressure , the government announced a review of red deer legislation to bring damage to the natural heritage within its remit .
last may , however , in response to the house of commons agriculture [choose] committee report on ‘ land use and forestry ’ and to public pressure , the government announced a review of red deer legislation to bring damage to the natural heritage within its remit .

The trick is to be fully aware of the range of conditions one is likely to encounter and then to select the clothes which offer the greatest versatility and which will cope with the harshest of these conditions .
the trick is to be fully aware of the range of conditions one is likely to encounter and then to [choose] the clothes which offer the greatest versatility and which will cope with the harshest of these conditions .

And our service offers a personalised reading by expert Frances Wood , based on cards that you help to select .
and our service offers a personalised reading by expert frances wood , based on cards that you help to [choose] .

Thus you would select Horizon , Altimeter Vertical Speed and Heading Indicator .
thus you would [choose] horizon , altimeter vertical speed and heading indicator .

Selective means that you select those instruments which will give the maximum information for a certain performance , or during a change of performance .
selective means that you [choose] those instruments which will give the maximum information for a certain performance , or during a change of performance .

When throttling back select carburettor heat before doing so .
when throttling back [choose] carburettor heat before doing so .

According to your route , let us assume that you select a Flight Level of 50 .
according to your route , let us assume that you [choose] a flight level of 50 .

Or , select a suitable area in which to descend below cloud and land visually at a suitable airfield .
or , [choose] a suitable area in which to descend below cloud and land visually at a suitable airfield .

You , yourself , can select any one of these tracks that you wish to fly .
you , yourself , can [choose] any one of these tracks that you wish to fly .

To select any specific track to fly .
to [choose] any specific track to fly .

To select a track to fly , simply turn the knob until the desired track bearing is against the index on the omni-bearing scale .
to [choose] a track to fly , simply turn the knob until the desired track bearing is against the index on the omni-bearing scale .

Select a beacon ahead and to one side .
[choose] a beacon ahead and to one side .

We suggest that you set out the following information in such a way that , in the air , you can select any item immediately , and without confusion .
we suggest that you set out the following information in such a way that , in the air , you can [choose] any item immediately , and without confusion .

Ascertain the frequency and call-sign of the stations you select to use during your flight .
ascertain the frequency and call-sign of the stations you [choose] to use during your flight .

They propose an improved procedure for the handling of bills ; making legislation easier to follow ; and , of course , the cry for improvements in the present Select Committee system .
they propose an improved procedure for the handling of bills ; making legislation easier to follow ; and , of course , the cry for improvements in the present [choose] committee system .

One of a University 's most pleasant tasks is to select men and women who have achieved outstanding distinction in their chosen fields , for the award of honorary degrees .
one of a university 's most pleasant tasks is to [choose] men and women who have achieved outstanding distinction in their chosen fields , for the award of honorary degrees .

Mr. Wakeham : In their response to the second special report from the House of Commons Select Committee on European Legislation , Session 1985–86 , the Government reaffirmed that they would endeavour to bring forward documents for debate at the earliest appropriate opportunity .
mr. wakeham : in their response to the second special report from the house of commons [choose] committee on european legislation , session 1985–86 , the government reaffirmed that they would endeavour to bring forward documents for debate at the earliest appropriate opportunity .

Mr. Spearing : Is the Leader of the House aware that those who are concerned about this matter are grateful to him for referring to the Select Committee 's report of two years ago and that we look forward to the Government implementing the intention that they stated at that time ?
mr. spearing : is the leader of the house aware that those who are concerned about this matter are grateful to him for referring to the [choose] committee 's report of two years ago and that we look forward to the government implementing the intention that they stated at that time ?

Then later in that year a composer already associated with the Barberini , the great monodist Luigi Rossi , was invited to Paris ; the best Italian singers were engaged , Torelli prepared expensive spectacles , and Rossi 's L'Orfeo was given before a small and highly select audience on 2 March 1647 .
then later in that year a composer already associated with the barberini , the great monodist luigi rossi , was invited to paris ; the best italian singers were engaged , torelli prepared expensive spectacles , and rossi 's l'orfeo was given before a small and highly [choose] audience on 2 march 1647 .

When you have a very small , very select , very ladylike grammar school , joined with two rough and ready secondary moderns what basically happened in my view is that when they joined together the grammar school staff , or most of them , could n't cope with the rough and ready aspect the school they came to have .
when you have a very small , very [choose] , very ladylike grammar school , joined with two rough and ready secondary moderns what basically happened in my view is that when they joined together the grammar school staff , or most of them , could n't cope with the rough and ready aspect the school they came to have .

Boys in particular seem to have more control over curricula with teachers making efforts to select materials that will interest them ( Shaw 1980 ) .
boys in particular seem to have more control over curricula with teachers making efforts to [choose] materials that will interest them ( shaw 1980 ) .

Both teachers and pupils will select and experiment with different styles , depending on their immediate power needs ; unless pupil deviance is gender-based , there is no guarantee that sex role shifts will reorient that deviance .
both teachers and pupils will [choose] and experiment with different styles , depending on their immediate power needs ; unless pupil deviance is gender-based , there is no guarantee that sex role shifts will reorient that deviance .

to select investments to achieve the strategic goals
to [choose] investments to achieve the strategic goals

Process limits reflect the time needed to create awareness of threats and opportunities , build commitment and consensus , select and train people for change , marshal resources , and so on .
process limits reflect the time needed to create awareness of threats and opportunities , build commitment and consensus , [choose] and train people for change , marshal resources , and so on .

In this regard they are a vital element in the system and serve two very important functions : they provide a basic general education in art and design and thus constitute a valuable educational experience in their own right ; and they are diagnostic in that they enable students to determine their abilities and select further courses of specialist study .
in this regard they are a vital element in the system and serve two very important functions : they provide a basic general education in art and design and thus constitute a valuable educational experience in their own right ; and they are diagnostic in that they enable students to determine their abilities and [choose] further courses of specialist study .

Ultimately , however , the fabric you select for your window treatment should not only complement your chosen style with its visual appearance but it must also suit its purpose .
ultimately , however , the fabric you [choose] for your window treatment should not only complement your chosen style with its visual appearance but it must also suit its purpose .

It is of paramount importance that you select a type that will take the weight of your curtains ; after all , the main purpose of tracks and poles is to act as a means of support .
it is of paramount importance that you [choose] a type that will take the weight of your curtains ; after all , the main purpose of tracks and poles is to act as a means of support .

The herbivore has no difficulty in catching its food , although it may be difficult to select the most edible parts of the plants , which are frequently tough , indigestible , short of nutritive value , and stuffed with poisons .
the herbivore has no difficulty in catching its food , although it may be difficult to [choose] the most edible parts of the plants , which are frequently tough , indigestible , short of nutritive value , and stuffed with poisons .

Darwin proposed his theory of sexual selection to account for sex differences of structure and behaviour , according to which , in most species , males compete for , and females select , mates .
darwin proposed his theory of sexual selection to account for sex differences of structure and behaviour , according to which , in most species , males compete for , and females [choose] , mates .

Women 's work in sweated trades ( defined with some difficulty by a Select Committee on the subject in 1890 as work carried on for inadequate wages and for excessive hours in insanitary conditions ) , was also opposed because of the threat it posed to motherhood and the rearing of an imperial race .
women 's work in sweated trades ( defined with some difficulty by a [choose] committee on the subject in 1890 as work carried on for inadequate wages and for excessive hours in insanitary conditions ) , was also opposed because of the threat it posed to motherhood and the rearing of an imperial race .

An exchange between a finisher and members of the 1888 House of Lords Select Committee on Sweating showed the difficulties of politicians and policy makers in understanding the nature of homework and their tendency to assume that such a worker did her work by hand only because she was too inefficient to do otherwise :
an exchange between a finisher and members of the 1888 house of lords [choose] committee on sweating showed the difficulties of politicians and policy makers in understanding the nature of homework and their tendency to assume that such a worker did her work by hand only because she was too inefficient to do otherwise :

Emily Davies was one of the few to argue that housekeeping took up little time and that women could in fact combine work and marriage , and Elizabeth Garrett Anderson belonged to an even more select band who put this advice into practice .
emily davies was one of the few to argue that housekeeping took up little time and that women could in fact combine work and marriage , and elizabeth garrett anderson belonged to an even more [choose] band who put this advice into practice .

When in 1861 Louisa Twining proposed to a government Select Committee that women should be allowed to stand for election as Poor Law Guardians , she agreed that they should not interfere in the male province of finance and administration , and should not have any say over the treatment of male paupers .
when in 1861 louisa twining proposed to a government [choose] committee that women should be allowed to stand for election as poor law guardians , she agreed that they should not interfere in the male province of finance and administration , and should not have any say over the treatment of male paupers .

Select Inputs/Data required
[choose] inputs/data required

Most advertisements tend to select one or two features of their products for treatment and aim to sell the benefits of these .
most advertisements tend to [choose] one or two features of their products for treatment and aim to sell the benefits of these .

Inevitably there is a tendency for departments to select ‘ safe ’ scrutiny topics and ignore findings they dislike .
inevitably there is a tendency for departments to [choose] ‘ safe ’ scrutiny topics and ignore findings they dislike .

In 1979 , however accountability was strengthened with the advent of the fourteen new Commons select committees , each of which has power to examine the expenditure , administration and policy of the main government departments ‘ and associated public bodies ’ .
in 1979 , however accountability was strengthened with the advent of the fourteen new commons [choose] committees , each of which has power to examine the expenditure , administration and policy of the main government departments ‘ and associated public bodies ’ .

He took mornings off from work to inspect houses of character in Ealing , imposing residences in Hendon , and important properties in select residential districts just thirty minutes from Waterloo .
he took mornings off from work to inspect houses of character in ealing , imposing residences in hendon , and important properties in [choose] residential districts just thirty minutes from waterloo .

Concern with the functioning of elites in politics is as old as the study of politics itself , and in its earliest forms relied on common-sense assumptions , which are still the starting-point of much research , about the inevitability of the appearance of select groups of dominant individuals wielding political power in any given society .
concern with the functioning of elites in politics is as old as the study of politics itself , and in its earliest forms relied on common-sense assumptions , which are still the starting-point of much research , about the inevitability of the appearance of [choose] groups of dominant individuals wielding political power in any given society .

Back at the end of the nineteenth century , the Milanese anatomist Camillo Golgi had discovered almost by chance a stain , based on the use of silver salts , which has the capacity to select out , seemingly at random , a small proportion of the neurons in a section of tissue and stain each immaculately , revealing every last detail not just of its cell body but also the dendrites and even the myriad little spines which stud the dendrites ' surfaces .
back at the end of the nineteenth century , the milanese anatomist camillo golgi had discovered almost by chance a stain , based on the use of silver salts , which has the capacity to [choose] out , seemingly at random , a small proportion of the neurons in a section of tissue and stain each immaculately , revealing every last detail not just of its cell body but also the dendrites and even the myriad little spines which stud the dendrites ' surfaces .

Stable furrows , ridges and hillocks provide a range of environmental conditions which plants select according to their needs .
stable furrows , ridges and hillocks provide a range of environmental conditions which plants [choose] according to their needs .

He knew she was angry with him for allowing their daughter to join the hunt , traditionally something only a select few men were allowed the honour of , but she would see his way soon enough .
he knew she was angry with him for allowing their daughter to join the hunt , traditionally something only a [choose] few men were allowed the honour of , but she would see his way soon enough .

Primary schools are very tightly staffed , to the extent — as the 1986 Parliamentary Select Committee Report recognized — that an enhancement of less than one teacher above establishment can generally achieve relatively little ( House of Commons 1986 ) .
primary schools are very tightly staffed , to the extent — as the 1986 parliamentary [choose] committee report recognized — that an enhancement of less than one teacher above establishment can generally achieve relatively little ( house of commons 1986 ) .

It may well have been a more sensible policy , therefore , to make the Phase 1/3 disparity less extreme , and to use the resources to ensure that all schools were staffed on the 1986 Select Committee recommended basis of n registration groups plus one , with further pro rata adjustments for school size and specific challenges like those of the inner city .
it may well have been a more sensible policy , therefore , to make the phase 1/3 disparity less extreme , and to use the resources to ensure that all schools were staffed on the 1986 [choose] committee recommended basis of n registration groups plus one , with further pro rata adjustments for school size and specific challenges like those of the inner city .

The House of Commons Select Committee on the Estimates ( 1958 ) argued that the whole system of Treasury control was breaking down and advocated a committee of inquiry .
the house of commons [choose] committee on the estimates ( 1958 ) argued that the whole system of treasury control was breaking down and advocated a committee of inquiry .

The law was not formulated so that men and women could exchange favours promiscuously , but rather that a woman , being unable to decide upon a marriage offered to her , might select for herself without prior commitment from the men available and willing to accept her .
the law was not formulated so that men and women could exchange favours promiscuously , but rather that a woman , being unable to decide upon a marriage offered to her , might [choose] for herself without prior commitment from the men available and willing to accept her .

You would be allowed only one , and would have to destroy the envelopes you did n't select .
you would be allowed only one , and would have to destroy the envelopes you did n't [choose] .

( House of Lords Select Committee on Unemployment , May 1982 )
( house of lords [choose] committee on unemployment , may 1982 )

The following pages of Charts are designed to help you select a mortgage lender .
the following pages of charts are designed to help you [choose] a mortgage lender .

This flat is situated on a small select development built approximately 10 years ago , with views to a small river running alongside and close to Oxford City .
this flat is situated on a small [choose] development built approximately 10 years ago , with views to a small river running alongside and close to oxford city .

The hotel is one of a select band that qualify for Vorarlberg 's ‘ family specialist ’ status .
the hotel is one of a [choose] band that qualify for vorarlberg 's ‘ family specialist ’ status .

Lifestyle database techniques give the marketer the ability to select a limited number of such individuals .
lifestyle database techniques give the marketer the ability to [choose] a limited number of such individuals .

It would be impossible to describe all the schemes , and difficult to select a handful as representative of the rest .
it would be impossible to describe all the schemes , and difficult to [choose] a handful as representative of the rest .

So select a resort to suit your ability , listen in to our talks , and join the coaching sessions on the water .
so [choose] a resort to suit your ability , listen in to our talks , and join the coaching sessions on the water .

Select your rig …
[choose] your rig …

Select your course , then ring ( 0326 ) 313208 to check availability .
[choose] your course , then ring ( 0326 ) 313208 to check availability .

To ensure that subscribers can make the most cost-effective use of its information resource , Infolink has developed a flexible enquiry service to allow subscribers to select only the information which is relevant to their particular needs .
to ensure that subscribers can make the most cost-effective use of its information resource , infolink has developed a flexible enquiry service to allow subscribers to [choose] only the information which is relevant to their particular needs .

It sounds confusing , but the way to choose your sun products is to select the appropriate factor first , then refer to the back of the pack to see how many stars it has been awarded .
it sounds confusing , but the way to choose your sun products is to [choose] the appropriate factor first , then refer to the back of the pack to see how many stars it has been awarded .

For this favourite first course , you need to select , and keep refreshed and cool , a strong lettuce like a frisé .
for this favourite first course , you need to [choose] , and keep refreshed and cool , a strong lettuce like a frisé .

In desperation , the previous week , he had ordered the children to select a favourite passage from books he had been reading with them , write it out in their best handwriting and then add some comments on what they enjoyed about the piece and about the book in general .
in desperation , the previous week , he had ordered the children to [choose] a favourite passage from books he had been reading with them , write it out in their best handwriting and then add some comments on what they enjoyed about the piece and about the book in general .

Witnesses to the Select Committee on Venereal Disease , 1867 testified to the environmental and sanitary improvements which had already been adopted .
witnesses to the [choose] committee on venereal disease , 1867 testified to the environmental and sanitary improvements which had already been adopted .

As early as the 1836 debate on divorce bills , proceedings had been referred to select committee ‘ to obviate the necessity of painful and disgusting exhibitions at the bar of the House … calculated to excite feelings of shame and disgust ’ , which were ‘ grossly indecent in their character ’ .
as early as the 1836 debate on divorce bills , proceedings had been referred to [choose] committee ‘ to obviate the necessity of painful and disgusting exhibitions at the bar of the house … calculated to excite feelings of shame and disgust ’ , which were ‘ grossly indecent in their character ’ .

It set up a House of Lords Select Committee in 1881 to examine the extent of juvenile prostitution .
it set up a house of lords [choose] committee in 1881 to examine the extent of juvenile prostitution .

They begin to discover a rationale for selecting and using information books , and they select a number of these to support children 's development of a ‘ topic ’ theme .
they begin to discover a rationale for selecting and using information books , and they [choose] a number of these to support children 's development of a ‘ topic ’ theme .

1 to select , train and assess others to practice as interpreters in the context of the public services to at least the level required by the Institute of Linguists Certificate in Community Interpreting ;
1 to [choose] , train and assess others to practice as interpreters in the context of the public services to at least the level required by the institute of linguists certificate in community interpreting ;

The next best compromise is a scanner which allows you to pre-scan an image and then select the part you want and its size .
the next best compromise is a scanner which allows you to pre-scan an image and then [choose] the part you want and its size .

The choice of which package to select is usually helped considerable by a number of factors .
the choice of which package to [choose] is usually helped considerable by a number of factors .

Regardless of which product you choose and , if you produce different sorts of document you may well end up with more than one , the important thing is to select the correct tool for the job .
regardless of which product you choose and , if you produce different sorts of document you may well end up with more than one , the important thing is to [choose] the correct tool for the job .

If desktop publishing is considered as a tool then it is important , as with any tool , to select both the correct one for the job and then use it in a sensible manner .
if desktop publishing is considered as a tool then it is important , as with any tool , to [choose] both the correct one for the job and then use it in a sensible manner .

The next choice is to select the typefaces to be used .
the next choice is to [choose] the typefaces to be used .

Optical tablets using infra red beams to detect the position of a stylus are not nearly as sensitive as the other systems but are quite adequate for allowing a finger to be used to select an item from a program menu .
optical tablets using infra red beams to detect the position of a stylus are not nearly as sensitive as the other systems but are quite adequate for allowing a finger to be used to [choose] an item from a program menu .

Both PageMaker and Ventura select arbitrary reference points for their on-screen rulers , the top left-hand corner of the page .
both pagemaker and ventura [choose] arbitrary reference points for their on-screen rulers , the top left-hand corner of the page .

Remember that you can always select a word by double clicking and a paragraph by clicking three times but did you know that you can extend these further ?
remember that you can always [choose] a word by double clicking and a paragraph by clicking three times but did you know that you can extend these further ?

Select the ‘ 3 ’ and make it superscript then select the ‘ 8 ’ and make it roughly half the size of the body copy — a little practice helps here .
[choose] the ‘ 3 ’ and make it superscript then [choose] the ‘ 8 ’ and make it roughly half the size of the body copy — a little practice helps here .

Just five years ago the term desktop publishing was , to all but a select few , a totally unknown expression .
just five years ago the term desktop publishing was , to all but a [choose] few , a totally unknown expression .

The user can select any screen font he or she prefers and can enter copy in almost any fashion .
the user can [choose] any screen font he or she prefers and can enter copy in almost any fashion .

The buttons can be used to select items from a menu ; programs such as Microsoft 's MultiTool Word use this facility along with letting the mouse handle the normal cursor motion .
the buttons can be used to [choose] items from a menu ; programs such as microsoft 's multitool word use this facility along with letting the mouse handle the normal cursor motion .

Here the button is pressed once to select an ‘ icon ’ from the screen menu and twice to open a file for that particular piece of software .
here the button is pressed once to [choose] an ‘ icon ’ from the screen menu and twice to open a file for that particular piece of software .

Rather than having to type in the name of a program or press certain letters or numbers to select a function the user simply ‘ points ’ to what is required and presses a button .
rather than having to type in the name of a program or press certain letters or numbers to [choose] a function the user simply ‘ points ’ to what is required and presses a button .

One of the stranger points about desktop publishing is that the hardware you select to act as the basis of your system is , to a greater or lesser degree , irrelevant .
one of the stranger points about desktop publishing is that the hardware you [choose] to act as the basis of your system is , to a greater or lesser degree , irrelevant .

The documents that they want to produce will , therefore , determine the software that they will select ; most people , for example , would choose Ventura if they are after long , regularly structured documents as opposed to PageMaker with the reverse being true for free-form material .
the documents that they want to produce will , therefore , determine the software that they will [choose] ; most people , for example , would choose ventura if they are after long , regularly structured documents as opposed to pagemaker with the reverse being true for free-form material .

The use of a mouse with its linked screen pointer to select programs , copy disks and carry out any of a thousand functions is now part and parcel of everyday computer life .
the use of a mouse with its linked screen pointer to [choose] programs , copy disks and carry out any of a thousand functions is now part and parcel of everyday computer life .

By building Hypertext capabilities into the documents it is possible to select areas of a drawing , for example , and have the relevant text displayed or vice versa .
by building hypertext capabilities into the documents it is possible to [choose] areas of a drawing , for example , and have the relevant text displayed or vice versa .

News of these transactions gradually leaked out and the matter was investigated by a parliamentary select committee , which reported on party lines .
news of these transactions gradually leaked out and the matter was investigated by a parliamentary [choose] committee , which reported on party lines .

Declining mine output in Anglesey , opposition by Birmingham consumers , and an improving international copper market prevented the monopoly persisting , but Williams continued to influence the industry strongly till his death , and his activities were looked at by the select committee on the copper trade of 1799 .
declining mine output in anglesey , opposition by birmingham consumers , and an improving international copper market prevented the monopoly persisting , but williams continued to influence the industry strongly till his death , and his activities were looked at by the [choose] committee on the copper trade of 1799 .

He was one of a select group , which included the justiciars Robert de Beaumont , first Earl of Leicester , and Richard de Lucy , and the treasurer Nigel , bishop of Ely [ qq.v . ]
he was one of a [choose] group , which included the justiciars robert de beaumont , first earl of leicester , and richard de lucy , and the treasurer nigel , bishop of ely [ qq.v . ]

No retributory institution , prison , hulk , penal colony , or penitentiary adequately combined punishment with reformation : he and his select committees exposed them , to little avail .
no retributory institution , prison , hulk , penal colony , or penitentiary adequately combined punishment with reformation : he and his [choose] committees exposed them , to little avail .

In 1844 Phillips gave evidence before the select committee on the tobacco trade .
in 1844 phillips gave evidence before the [choose] committee on the tobacco trade .

From 1841 her childhood was spent near the centre of Manchester , though her father , who became a senior partner in his Manchester shipping firm , prospered and was in 1855 able to move to the far more select area of Whalley Range .
from 1841 her childhood was spent near the centre of manchester , though her father , who became a senior partner in his manchester shipping firm , prospered and was in 1855 able to move to the far more [choose] area of whalley range .

He was one of the university 's select preachers in 1840–2 and 1847–9 , and became vicar of Culham , Oxfordshire , in 1848 , moving with his family to Culham vicarage .
he was one of the university 's [choose] preachers in 1840–2 and 1847–9 , and became vicar of culham , oxfordshire , in 1848 , moving with his family to culham vicarage .

In 1838 he had made an important statement of evidence before the select committee on workmen 's combinations .
in 1838 he had made an important statement of evidence before the [choose] committee on workmen 's combinations .

In 1887 he was the first witness called before the select commission on forestry .
in 1887 he was the first witness called before the [choose] commission on forestry .

Duncan submitted evidence to the inquiry into the corporation of Liverpool ( 1833 ) , the commission on the condition of the poor in Ireland ( 1836 report ) , and the House of Commons ' select committee on the health of towns ( 1840 ) , detailing the deplorable ‘ sanitary state of the labouring classes ’ in Liverpool , whose population was rapidly increasing , principally by migration from Ireland and elsewhere .
duncan submitted evidence to the inquiry into the corporation of liverpool ( 1833 ) , the commission on the condition of the poor in ireland ( 1836 report ) , and the house of commons ' [choose] committee on the health of towns ( 1840 ) , detailing the deplorable ‘ sanitary state of the labouring classes ’ in liverpool , whose population was rapidly increasing , principally by migration from ireland and elsewhere .

Already in 1610 he was one of ‘ a select number of the Lower House ’ who met with the lord treasurer , Robert Cecil , first Earl of Salisbury [ q.v . ]
already in 1610 he was one of ‘ a [choose] number of the lower house ’ who met with the lord treasurer , robert cecil , first earl of salisbury [ q.v . ]

His evidence to the parliamentary select committee revealed that he was not one of those who believed that straw could ever be an adequate substitute for rags .
his evidence to the parliamentary [choose] committee revealed that he was not one of those who believed that straw could ever be an adequate substitute for rags .

His legal expertise proved of invaluable service in the legislative attempts to protect working-class enterprise ; in 1850 he gave evidence to the House of Commons select committee on middle-class and working-class savings , and he appeared before the royal commission on limited liability set up in 1853 .
his legal expertise proved of invaluable service in the legislative attempts to protect working-class enterprise ; in 1850 he gave evidence to the house of commons [choose] committee on middle-class and working-class savings , and he appeared before the royal commission on limited liability set up in 1853 .

to select work for the Jewish section of an important exhibition of ‘ Twentieth Century Art ’ at the Whitechapel Art Gallery ( 1914 ) .
to [choose] work for the jewish section of an important exhibition of ‘ twentieth century art ’ at the whitechapel art gallery ( 1914 ) .

In most cases , the kind of predictions about successive words which are possible from the preceding context are much less specific and would select a very large class of words , which would be of little help in discriminating between possible candidates .
in most cases , the kind of predictions about successive words which are possible from the preceding context are much less specific and would [choose] a very large class of words , which would be of little help in discriminating between possible candidates .

With a natural pool it is impossible to select its position or shape and it is foolish to attempt to convert such a natural asset into an artificial formal pool .
with a natural pool it is impossible to [choose] its position or shape and it is foolish to attempt to convert such a natural asset into an artificial formal pool .

When planting be careful to select plants of modest growth .
when planting be careful to [choose] plants of modest growth .

Planting can be undertaken in the same way as described for the conventional pool , but be careful to select only plants that are of modest growth .
planting can be undertaken in the same way as described for the conventional pool , but be careful to [choose] only plants that are of modest growth .

When stocking a pool with fish , take care to select healthy individuals with firm , meaty bodies and erect dorsal fins .
when stocking a pool with fish , take care to [choose] healthy individuals with firm , meaty bodies and erect dorsal fins .

That a large and heterogeneous society like the United States has maintained just two parties for almost its entire history suggests that the job of aggregation has been performed admirably , but it must be remembered that in the United States these interests are really only aggregated once every four years , just long enough for the parties to select their presidential candidates and fight for their election .
that a large and heterogeneous society like the united states has maintained just two parties for almost its entire history suggests that the job of aggregation has been performed admirably , but it must be remembered that in the united states these interests are really only aggregated once every four years , just long enough for the parties to [choose] their presidential candidates and fight for their election .

In December 1979 a new set of twelve select committees was introduced into the House of Commons , one to cover each major government spending department , and all with a majority of government party members reflecting the position in the house overall , although some of the chairs are opposition MPs .
in december 1979 a new set of twelve [choose] committees was introduced into the house of commons , one to cover each major government spending department , and all with a majority of government party members reflecting the position in the house overall , although some of the chairs are opposition mps .

To date , the only remote equivalent to this in Britain has been the inquiry carried out by the House of Commons Select Committee on Home Affairs into police special branches in 1984–5 .
to date , the only remote equivalent to this in britain has been the inquiry carried out by the house of commons [choose] committee on home affairs into police special branches in 1984–5 .

The twelve select committees established by the Commons in December 1979 seem to have attracted enough criticism from the executive to suggest that they have been asking some pertinent questions , but their overall impact on policy has so far been slight .
the twelve [choose] committees established by the commons in december 1979 seem to have attracted enough criticism from the executive to suggest that they have been asking some pertinent questions , but their overall impact on policy has so far been slight .

In the former , becoming a judge is a matter of electing one career path over another ; having trained as a lawyer , one may select the path of the judge or that of the advocate .
in the former , becoming a judge is a matter of electing one career path over another ; having trained as a lawyer , one may [choose] the path of the judge or that of the advocate .

The House of Commons Select Committee on Home Affairs carried out an inquiry into the branch during 1984–5 and concluded : ‘ We are satisfied , on the basis of the evidence which we have received , that the special branches of the police service in England and Wales do not justify public anxiety ’ ( House of Commons , 1985 , p. x ; our emphasis ) .
the house of commons [choose] committee on home affairs carried out an inquiry into the branch during 1984–5 and concluded : ‘ we are satisfied , on the basis of the evidence which we have received , that the special branches of the police service in england and wales do not justify public anxiety ’ ( house of commons , 1985 , p. x ; our emphasis ) .

Rating scales are a subset of questionnaires which invite informants to select a number corresponding to the extent of their response , or to select one of a series of descriptions , usually corresponding to an ordinal scale with a neutral midpoint , to which the investigator can easily assign numbers .
rating scales are a subset of questionnaires which invite informants to [choose] a number corresponding to the extent of their response , or to [choose] one of a series of descriptions , usually corresponding to an ordinal scale with a neutral midpoint , to which the investigator can easily assign numbers .

When the main scale had been constructed , student and employer samples were asked to select one from a range of scaled descriptive phrases indicating the employability value of different features of the course .
when the main scale had been constructed , student and employer samples were asked to [choose] one from a range of scaled descriptive phrases indicating the employability value of different features of the course .

But the London and North-Western and the Great Western Railway companies were criticized for their poor provision of workmen 's trains in 1892 and a parliamentary select committee was still pressing for the provision of cheap trains for workers in 1905 .
but the london and north-western and the great western railway companies were criticized for their poor provision of workmen 's trains in 1892 and a parliamentary [choose] committee was still pressing for the provision of cheap trains for workers in 1905 .

In 1919 the Metropolitan Railway set up its own company to promote select housing estates in Buckinghamshire , Hertfordshire , and Middlesex .
in 1919 the metropolitan railway set up its own company to promote [choose] housing estates in buckinghamshire , hertfordshire , and middlesex .

Seymour Clarke , General Manager of the Great Northern Railway , told the 1869 Parliamentary Select Committee on the transit of animals that his company sent meat from almost all the 197 stations on its lines .
seymour clarke , general manager of the great northern railway , told the 1869 parliamentary [choose] committee on the transit of animals that his company sent meat from almost all the 197 stations on its lines .

It is not proposed to list all the groups providing this sort of service , merely to select three examples .
it is not proposed to list all the groups providing this sort of service , merely to [choose] three examples .

The parties select the issues on which to fight and the evidence with which to support their case .
the parties [choose] the issues on which to fight and the evidence with which to support their case .

That chance will come in the late spring when the winner will be invited to select a book from a range of 100 Faber titles ( 99 books will contain cheques for £10,000 and one book will contain a cheque for £1m ) .
that chance will come in the late spring when the winner will be invited to [choose] a book from a range of 100 faber titles ( 99 books will contain cheques for £10,000 and one book will contain a cheque for £1m ) .

Radar can also yield images , but whereas a radio telescope or a group of such telescopes can yield an image of an object in an analogous way to a conventional telescope , a radar pulse from the Earth can not be made narrow enough to select anything other than the whole disc of the planet , except for the Moon where small areas can be examined because of its large angular diameter .
radar can also yield images , but whereas a radio telescope or a group of such telescopes can yield an image of an object in an analogous way to a conventional telescope , a radar pulse from the earth can not be made narrow enough to [choose] anything other than the whole disc of the planet , except for the moon where small areas can be examined because of its large angular diameter .

In the 1970s , the House of Lords Select Committee suggested that Article 235 could extend only to the economic and financial purposes provided for by Article 2 of the Treaty .
in the 1970s , the house of lords [choose] committee suggested that article 235 could extend only to the economic and financial purposes provided for by article 2 of the treaty .

The House of Commons Select Committee on procedure recommended in 1989 that special Standing Committees should be created with powers to hear statements from ministers on Community proposals , cross-examine them and then debate the merits of the proposals .
the house of commons [choose] committee on procedure recommended in 1989 that special standing committees should be created with powers to hear statements from ministers on community proposals , cross-examine them and then debate the merits of the proposals .

At the outset it established a Select Committee on the European Communities with very wide terms of reference ‘ to consider Community proposals , whether in draft or otherwise , to obtain all necessary information about them , and to make reports on those which , in the opinion of the Committee , raise important questions of policy or principle , and on other questions to which the Committee consider that the special attention of the House should be drawn ’ .
at the outset it established a [choose] committee on the european communities with very wide terms of reference ‘ to consider community proposals , whether in draft or otherwise , to obtain all necessary information about them , and to make reports on those which , in the opinion of the committee , raise important questions of policy or principle , and on other questions to which the committee consider that the special attention of the house should be drawn ’ .

the merits of such proposals as are referred to them by the Select Committee ;
the merits of such proposals as are referred to them by the [choose] committee ;

It may authorize the chairman , or recommend that the chairman of the Select Committee should write to the responsible minister .
it may authorize the chairman , or recommend that the chairman of the [choose] committee should write to the responsible minister .

The report next goes for approval or amendment by the Select Committee itself .
the report next goes for approval or amendment by the [choose] committee itself .

In the last few years , when Select Committee activity has appeared to be itself under scrutiny , we have often tried to answer this question and found it very difficult .
in the last few years , when [choose] committee activity has appeared to be itself under scrutiny , we have often tried to answer this question and found it very difficult .

’ During recession , he went on , people often looked to spend less on gifts , but to select gifts which do not make this apparent .
’ during recession , he went on , people often looked to spend less on gifts , but to [choose] gifts which do not make this apparent .

Further evidence on this point would be welcome — and luckily some turns up when we compare the score with other music sources : the 1692 volume of Select Songs in the Fairy Queen , and a songbook in Purcell 's autograph , now in the Guildhall Library in London .
further evidence on this point would be welcome — and luckily some turns up when we compare the score with other music sources : the 1692 volume of [choose] songs in the fairy queen , and a songbook in purcell 's autograph , now in the guildhall library in london .

The Select Songs were printed very early : their title page states that they were sold in the theatre as well as in shops .
the [choose] songs were printed very early : their title page states that they were sold in the theatre as well as in shops .

The comic Dialogue between Coridon and Mopsa , printed and paginated separately , it also included in nearly all the surviving copies of the Select Songs .
the comic dialogue between coridon and mopsa , printed and paginated separately , it also included in nearly all the surviving copies of the [choose] songs .

It includes none of the solo numbers that were published in Select Songs — which is not surprising : Purcell 's pupils could easily buy a copy of that .
it includes none of the solo numbers that were published in [choose] songs — which is not surprising : purcell 's pupils could easily buy a copy of that .

There 's a final question , which is not connected to the passage : ‘ Why did the preacher select the gospel reading that we heard a moment ago to accompany this story of Elisha ?
there 's a final question , which is not connected to the passage : ‘ why did the preacher [choose] the gospel reading that we heard a moment ago to accompany this story of elisha ?

Stuart has regularly advised the Welsh Affairs Select Committee on transport and environment issues .
stuart has regularly advised the welsh affairs [choose] committee on transport and environment issues .

You may also know that before the general election intervened , the Commons Welsh Affairs Select Committee launched a study into the planning performance of councils in Wales .
you may also know that before the general election intervened , the commons welsh affairs [choose] committee launched a study into the planning performance of councils in wales .

Before the general election the Welsh Affairs Select Committee began an investigation into this subject , but it has been brought to a halt by the failure , so far , to reform the committee .
before the general election the welsh affairs [choose] committee began an investigation into this subject , but it has been brought to a halt by the failure , so far , to reform the committee .

Most recently the Welsh Affairs Select Committee vividly described the appalling burden borne over many decades by communities surrounded by opencast workings ( ‘ The Future of Opencast Mining in Wales ’ , 1991 ) .
most recently the welsh affairs [choose] committee vividly described the appalling burden borne over many decades by communities surrounded by opencast workings ( ‘ the future of opencast mining in wales ’ , 1991 ) .

The House of Commons Environment Select Committee report on Coastal Zone Planning and Management ( 28.4.92 ) recommends the creation of a specialist marine unit in the Department of the Environment .
the house of commons environment [choose] committee report on coastal zone planning and management ( 28.4.92 ) recommends the creation of a specialist marine unit in the department of the environment .

This would avoid the need for a select committee hearing but would mean that a public inquiry would be held .
this would avoid the need for a [choose] committee hearing but would mean that a public inquiry would be held .

‘ British Energy Policy and the Market for Coal ’ , drawn up by an all-party House of Commons select committee on trade and industry , includes a recommendation to the House of Commons that in determining a licensing policy for gas-fired generating capacity , priority should be given to the construction of power stations which use sour gas as the main fuel .
‘ british energy policy and the market for coal ’ , drawn up by an all-party house of commons [choose] committee on trade and industry , includes a recommendation to the house of commons that in determining a licensing policy for gas-fired generating capacity , priority should be given to the construction of power stations which use sour gas as the main fuel .

The select committee 's remit was to ‘ consider the consequences of British Coal 's pit closure programme for the electricity consumer , the exchequer and the economy , and to examine alternative forms of energy in terms of prices .
the [choose] committee 's remit was to ‘ consider the consequences of british coal 's pit closure programme for the electricity consumer , the exchequer and the economy , and to examine alternative forms of energy in terms of prices .

Development costs must be reduced — we simply can not proceed with marginal projects , and must select the projects which offer the greatest return .
development costs must be reduced — we simply can not proceed with marginal projects , and must [choose] the projects which offer the greatest return .

The House of Lord 's Select Committee on Science and Technology is to strongly attack the Conservative government 's reliance on market forces to achieve energy conservation in a report due to be published in July .
the house of lord 's [choose] committee on science and technology is to strongly attack the conservative government 's reliance on market forces to achieve energy conservation in a report due to be published in july .

Last year , the Authority was severely criticised by a Commons Energy Select Committee report which claimed that the nuclear industry had spent an inordinate amount of money on publicising itself .
last year , the authority was severely criticised by a commons energy [choose] committee report which claimed that the nuclear industry had spent an inordinate amount of money on publicising itself .

In support of its report , the Association quoted figures from a 1991 select committee survey of Wales , which found that only 10 out of 36 health authority incinerators burnt waste at high enough temperatures , and that none monitored emissions from their chimneys .
in support of its report , the association quoted figures from a 1991 [choose] committee survey of wales , which found that only 10 out of 36 health authority incinerators burnt waste at high enough temperatures , and that none monitored emissions from their chimneys .

‘ Western Decorative Art 1850 Towards 2000 ’ offers a delicious feast for eyes with objects ranging from the mass-produced to the select few .
‘ western decorative art 1850 towards 2000 ’ offers a delicious feast for eyes with objects ranging from the mass-produced to the [choose] few .

This action comes in response to the House of Commons agricultural select committee which , seven months prior to the publication of its report , urged that there should be more research into `` mad cow `` disease .
this action comes in response to the house of commons agricultural [choose] committee which , seven months prior to the publication of its report , urged that there should be more research into `` mad cow `` disease .

Members of the House of Commons ' Environment select committee have concluded that the rate of destruction of Brazilian rainforest is not as great as has been reported .
members of the house of commons ' environment [choose] committee have concluded that the rate of destruction of brazilian rainforest is not as great as has been reported .

According to Blake , one can either subject the text to a total linguistic analysis and then try to select what is relevant , or concentrate one 's analysis on significant linguistic features .
according to blake , one can either subject the text to a total linguistic analysis and then try to [choose] what is relevant , or concentrate one 's analysis on significant linguistic features .

This meant that it was open to the Revenue to select one or more of the beneficiaries to tax and to pass over the others .
this meant that it was open to the revenue to [choose] one or more of the beneficiaries to tax and to pass over the others .

Thus politicians may say whatever they choose in Parliament or at the proceedings of select committees ( see Chapter 9 ) .
thus politicians may say whatever they choose in parliament or at the proceedings of [choose] committees ( see chapter 9 ) .

The Select Committee on the Obscene Publications Act had stressed the importance of considering the `` dominant effect `` of the whole work : The contrary view , under which a work could be judged obscene by reference to isolated passages without considering the total effect , would , if taken to its logical conclusion , deprive the reading public of the works of Shakespeare , Chaucer , Fielding and Smollett , except in expurgated editions .
the [choose] committee on the obscene publications act had stressed the importance of considering the `` dominant effect `` of the whole work : the contrary view , under which a work could be judged obscene by reference to isolated passages without considering the total effect , would , if taken to its logical conclusion , deprive the reading public of the works of shakespeare , chaucer , fielding and smollett , except in expurgated editions .

Conditional assembly is used within the macro to select either the screen or the auxiliary output depending on the value of op_flag .
conditional assembly is used within the macro to [choose] either the screen or the auxiliary output depending on the value of op_flag .

You can use this function to select any part of a string .
you can use this function to [choose] any part of a string .

1 ] Create/Edit a page 2 ] Display a page 3 ] Display the directory 4 ] End the program Select an option When option 1 is selected , the user is shown a blank page on to which text and graphics can be entered .
1 ] create/edit a page 2 ] display a page 3 ] display the directory 4 ] end the program [choose] an option when option 1 is selected , the user is shown a blank page on to which text and graphics can be entered .

The need to encourage pupils to evaluate and select resources and information and to use indexes must be balanced against the number of selection stages with which the pupils can cope .
the need to encourage pupils to evaluate and [choose] resources and information and to use indexes must be balanced against the number of selection stages with which the pupils can cope .

The trade deficit on food and drink has been the focus of a report by the House of Commons Select Committee on Agriculture .
the trade deficit on food and drink has been the focus of a report by the house of commons [choose] committee on agriculture .

The twin-tube dampers are also controlled by the system 's computer to select one of three characteristics : comfort , normal or sport .
the twin-tube dampers are also controlled by the system 's computer to [choose] one of three characteristics : comfort , normal or sport .

Secondly , there are processes which select certain patterns of motion in preference to others .
secondly , there are processes which [choose] certain patterns of motion in preference to others .

The exceptional stiffness of the Clio 's basic structure allowed them to select and develop a suspension layout with MacPherson struts at the front and trailing arms with a torsion bar at the rear .
the exceptional stiffness of the clio 's basic structure allowed them to [choose] and develop a suspension layout with macpherson struts at the front and trailing arms with a torsion bar at the rear .

Colobines select foliage maximizing nitrogen and mineral input and minimizing digestibility retardant fibre ( and possibly some tannins ) : alkaloids seem not to be a deterrent as many can probably be detoxified by bacteria in the foregut .
colobines [choose] foliage maximizing nitrogen and mineral input and minimizing digestibility retardant fibre ( and possibly some tannins ) : alkaloids seem not to be a deterrent as many can probably be detoxified by bacteria in the foregut .

It is interesting to note that among the fruits taken by birds in southern Europe , it has been shown in the case of Smilax aspera ( Liliaceae ) , there is selection in favour of greater pulp : seed ratio ( with a loss in seed numbers ) in those conditions of high competition for dispersers , which , faced with an apparent glut , select the most nutritionally valuable .
it is interesting to note that among the fruits taken by birds in southern europe , it has been shown in the case of smilax aspera ( liliaceae ) , there is selection in favour of greater pulp : seed ratio ( with a loss in seed numbers ) in those conditions of high competition for dispersers , which , faced with an apparent glut , [choose] the most nutritionally valuable .

The House of Commons Select Committee on Trade and Industry , regarding their review of mergers policy ;
the house of commons [choose] committee on trade and industry , regarding their review of mergers policy ;

We want them to have available , ‘ live ’ where possible — the major debates in Parliament — the select committees , major press conferences .
we want them to have available , ‘ live ’ where possible — the major debates in parliament — the [choose] committees , major press conferences .

And , as she had invited her to have another look around , it was almost seven o'clock by the time Leith turned into the select avenue of her present home .
and , as she had invited her to have another look around , it was almost seven o'clock by the time leith turned into the [choose] avenue of her present home .

Contemporary archivists and historians may not be the best prepared to select which records should be stored for posterity .
contemporary archivists and historians may not be the best prepared to [choose] which records should be stored for posterity .

Should we dump everything down onto a long-term storage medium and select at the end of a longer period of time with the benefit of historical hindsight , say after 25 years ?
should we dump everything down onto a long-term storage medium and [choose] at the end of a longer period of time with the benefit of historical hindsight , say after 25 years ?

The main reason a purchaser will insist on buying assets , and may perhaps refuse to deal with the vendor on any other basis , is that the purchaser can then select which of the vendor 's liabilities he will assume and more importantly which he will leave behind for the vendor to deal with .
the main reason a purchaser will insist on buying assets , and may perhaps refuse to deal with the vendor on any other basis , is that the purchaser can then [choose] which of the vendor 's liabilities he will assume and more importantly which he will leave behind for the vendor to deal with .

Most environmental groups and renewable-energy experts agree that a target of at least double this amount is not unrealistic , and in April 1992 the House of Commons Energy Select Committee recommended a target of 3,000-4,000 megawatts .
most environmental groups and renewable-energy experts agree that a target of at least double this amount is not unrealistic , and in april 1992 the house of commons energy [choose] committee recommended a target of 3,000-4,000 megawatts .

It is a corollary of collective responsibility that any minister who disagrees publicly with a cabinet decision should resign and that a government defeat in the House of Commons on a vote of confidence necessitates either the resignation of the government or a request for a dissolution ( there is no convention as to which of these alternatives the government should select ) .
it is a corollary of collective responsibility that any minister who disagrees publicly with a cabinet decision should resign and that a government defeat in the house of commons on a vote of confidence necessitates either the resignation of the government or a request for a dissolution ( there is no convention as to which of these alternatives the government should [choose] ) .

Not necessarily idle , casual whim , for we can resolve to select consistently for some quality such as `` resemblance to a weeping willow `` .
not necessarily idle , casual whim , for we can resolve to [choose] consistently for some quality such as `` resemblance to a weeping willow `` .

It is trivially easy to select for a particular genetic formula , so long as you can read the genes of all the animals .
it is trivially easy to [choose] for a particular genetic formula , so long as you can read the genes of all the animals .

It would n't be too difficult to make the computer select for vague general features like , say , tall-thinness , short-fatness , perhaps curvaceousness , spikiness , even rococo ornamentation .
it would n't be too difficult to make the computer [choose] for vague general features like , say , tall-thinness , short-fatness , perhaps curvaceousness , spikiness , even rococo ornamentation .

The important point is that nature does n't need computing power in order to select , except in special cases like peahens choosing peacocks .
the important point is that nature does n't need computing power in order to [choose] , except in special cases like peahens choosing peacocks .

And nonrandom death is all it takes to select phenotypes , and hence the genes that they contain , in nature .
and nonrandom death is all it takes to [choose] phenotypes , and hence the genes that they contain , in nature .

The priorities are to achieve a national consensus on the need for change , to establish a programme for dealing with factors which may cause adverse effects and to select criteria for the allocation of available resources .
the priorities are to achieve a national consensus on the need for change , to establish a programme for dealing with factors which may cause adverse effects and to [choose] criteria for the allocation of available resources .

Nevertheless , it is still possible to select a sample narrative representing the most `` typical `` narrative produced by all the groups .
nevertheless , it is still possible to [choose] a sample narrative representing the most `` typical `` narrative produced by all the groups .

There are many select shops , which open until early evening — in other words , an ideal area for those seeking a quiet relaxing break .
there are many [choose] shops , which open until early evening — in other words , an ideal area for those seeking a quiet relaxing break .

So the Colonel gallantly invited Mrs Tota , a maddeningly vivacious young woman , to a select little dinner for two .
so the colonel gallantly invited mrs tota , a maddeningly vivacious young woman , to a [choose] little dinner for two .

This keeps its head free so that it can thrust it deep between the branches of the coral and select a particularly toothsome piece .
this keeps its head free so that it can thrust it deep between the branches of the coral and [choose] a particularly toothsome piece .

Their sharp eyes select the lowest part of the lip of the fall .
their sharp eyes [choose] the lowest part of the lip of the fall .

They select one that overhangs water .
they [choose] one that overhangs water .

They may refuse to respond , on the grounds that they do not know what tiv means ( see Carey , 1978 ) ; they may ask what tiv means , and having been told to guess , offer a response ; or they may select a response without querying tiv .
they may refuse to respond , on the grounds that they do not know what tiv means ( see carey , 1978 ) ; they may ask what tiv means , and having been told to guess , offer a response ; or they may [choose] a response without querying tiv .

The task is for the speaker to select and describe one of a series of items so that the listener is able to identify the chosen item from an identical set .
the task is for the speaker to [choose] and describe one of a series of items so that the listener is able to identify the chosen item from an identical set .

Speakers who were unaware of or unable to select and then transmit these differentiating features were clearly going to be ineffective communicators .
speakers who were unaware of or unable to [choose] and then transmit these differentiating features were clearly going to be ineffective communicators .

This was the strong tendency to select a referent before completion of the speaker 's message , and , at times , before even the start of it .
this was the strong tendency to [choose] a referent before completion of the speaker 's message , and , at times , before even the start of it .

The task required the child to select one of a series of plastic pieces varying in form , size and colour , and to tell the adult which one had been selected so that he could select the identical piece .
the task required the child to [choose] one of a series of plastic pieces varying in form , size and colour , and to tell the adult which one had been selected so that he could [choose] the identical piece .

And our service is offers a personalised reading by expert Frances Wood , based on cards that you help to select .
and our service is offers a personalised reading by expert frances wood , based on cards that you help to [choose] .

If cr = { a , b , c , 1 } then and must both vanish ; we find If we select c3 from Table 1 as our new co , it already excludes x1 , so that will also exclude .
if cr = { a , b , c , 1 } then and must both vanish ; we find if we [choose] c3 from table 1 as our new co , it already excludes x1 , so that will also exclude .

Let We select the off-diagonal element of largest modulus ( underlined ) and evaluate ( we record only six decimal places ) Hence and then Note that also thus we have effected a considerable overall reduction .
let we [choose] the off-diagonal element of largest modulus ( underlined ) and evaluate ( we record only six decimal places ) hence and then note that also thus we have effected a considerable overall reduction .

We have seen in 2.1–3 that any practicable method of stylistic analysis must select some features for analysis and ignore others .
we have seen in 2.1–3 that any practicable method of stylistic analysis must [choose] some features for analysis and ignore others .

( ii ) There is no complete list of the linguistic properties of a text ; therefore , we have to select the features to study .
( ii ) there is no complete list of the linguistic properties of a text ; therefore , we have to [choose] the features to study .

It had been suggested during the conference that a librarian tends to be " liberal " : to offer his whole stock and invite the student to select ; whereas the educational technologist tends to be directive : he guides tutors and students to particular ends .
it had been suggested during the conference that a librarian tends to be " liberal " : to offer his whole stock and invite the student to [choose] ; whereas the educational technologist tends to be directive : he guides tutors and students to particular ends .

The offering of such guidelines or suggestions does not in any way detract from the professional integrity of the teacher , who must then select what suits him best for his own purposes , but there will be few teachers who will have had the time or the imagination to think of all of them .
the offering of such guidelines or suggestions does not in any way detract from the professional integrity of the teacher , who must then [choose] what suits him best for his own purposes , but there will be few teachers who will have had the time or the imagination to think of all of them .

It would clearly be impracticable for all of a party 's members to foregather from every corner of a region to select and rank its list candidates , so it is sometimes suggested that American style primaries should be held for this purpose .
it would clearly be impracticable for all of a party 's members to foregather from every corner of a region to [choose] and rank its list candidates , so it is sometimes suggested that american style primaries should be held for this purpose .

You should be wise enough to select one of the best from all that promotional material floating into your in-tray .
you should be wise enough to [choose] one of the best from all that promotional material floating into your in-tray .

In October 1912 both Rufus Isaacs and Lloyd George denied that they had engaged in dealings in Marconi shares , but a Select Committee was set up to investigate the allegations of sensationalist newspapers .
in october 1912 both rufus isaacs and lloyd george denied that they had engaged in dealings in marconi shares , but a [choose] committee was set up to investigate the allegations of sensationalist newspapers .

The Liberals secured the majority report of the Select Committee but the Unionist members under Lord Robert Cecil extracted ever more damaging evidence from the witnesses interviewed .
the liberals secured the majority report of the [choose] committee but the unionist members under lord robert cecil extracted ever more damaging evidence from the witnesses interviewed .

That this Conference , while recording its desire to see working men in Parliament on the Unionist side , thinks it undesirable that any distinction should be made between them and other members , and therefore expresses the opinion that all Unionist organizations should select and support with all their power the best candidate they can find to represent their constituency , irrespective of his social and financial status .
that this conference , while recording its desire to see working men in parliament on the unionist side , thinks it undesirable that any distinction should be made between them and other members , and therefore expresses the opinion that all unionist organizations should [choose] and support with all their power the best candidate they can find to represent their constituency , irrespective of his social and financial status .

The application of such an idea would certainly select out a countable set of circles whose rotatory motions correspond precisely to the right multiple of the angular momentum quantum .
the application of such an idea would certainly [choose] out a countable set of circles whose rotatory motions correspond precisely to the right multiple of the angular momentum quantum .

Development communicators may need to ‘ repackage ’ information in a form that is comprehensible to illiterate women and to select those communication channels most appropriate for women .
development communicators may need to ‘ repackage ’ information in a form that is comprehensible to illiterate women and to [choose] those communication channels most appropriate for women .

The computer will automatically select a player for you to control , but if you 're not happy you can change it by pressing the fire button and moving the joystick in the approximate direction of the player you would rather control .
the computer will automatically [choose] a player for you to control , but if you 're not happy you can change it by pressing the fire button and moving the joystick in the approximate direction of the player you would rather control .

Select the player you wish to drop , press fire , select his replacement , press fire again .
[choose] the player you wish to drop , press fire , [choose] his replacement , press fire again .

To change skill levels select the appropriate characteristic and press fire .
to change skill levels [choose] the appropriate characteristic and press fire .

Since becoming head of the Kimbell in 1980 , he single-handedly built the sleepy Fort Worth museum into one of the most select collections in the country , purchasing a stellar array of old masters , including masterpieces by Caravaggio , Pietro da Cortona , Domenichino , Poussin and Georges de la Tour that would have significantly complemented or filled gaps at the National Gallery .
since becoming head of the kimbell in 1980 , he single-handedly built the sleepy fort worth museum into one of the most [choose] collections in the country , purchasing a stellar array of old masters , including masterpieces by caravaggio , pietro da cortona , domenichino , poussin and georges de la tour that would have significantly complemented or filled gaps at the national gallery .

His promotion through the army ranks had been rapid and by 350 he commanded a select corps of Ioviani and Herculiani , the new type of legion earlier created by Diocletian .
his promotion through the army ranks had been rapid and by 350 he commanded a [choose] corps of ioviani and herculiani , the new type of legion earlier created by diocletian .

If one could select those areas where there appears to be the largest proportion of sites which seem to have been affected , they are in Hampshire , Hertfordshire and north Kent , possibly indicating that they suffered the greatest disturbance .
if one could [choose] those areas where there appears to be the largest proportion of sites which seem to have been affected , they are in hampshire , hertfordshire and north kent , possibly indicating that they suffered the greatest disturbance .

Other forms include being subject to investigation by a public ombudsman , or by a select committee of the House of Commons , or by a public auditor , or by a public regulatory body ( such as those which supervise the recently privatized gas and telecommunications industries ) ; being obliged to conduct business in accordance with statutory rules or government direction or to submit business plans for public approval ; holding a position or office which is subject , either directly or indirectly , to popular election .
other forms include being subject to investigation by a public ombudsman , or by a [choose] committee of the house of commons , or by a public auditor , or by a public regulatory body ( such as those which supervise the recently privatized gas and telecommunications industries ) ; being obliged to conduct business in accordance with statutory rules or government direction or to submit business plans for public approval ; holding a position or office which is subject , either directly or indirectly , to popular election .

In general , under the classical law , a person may choose whether or not to enter a contract and may select the terms which constitute the substantive obligations of the transaction .
in general , under the classical law , a person may choose whether or not to enter a contract and may [choose] the terms which constitute the substantive obligations of the transaction .

The requirement of choice ensures respect for the freedom of individuals to select their market opportunities .
the requirement of choice ensures respect for the freedom of individuals to [choose] their market opportunities .

If the mens rea principle and the principle of proof are objectives worthy of a rational and humane system of criminal law they ought to be used critically to assess the achievement of the total system rather than circularly to select an acceptable portion of the criminal law .
if the mens rea principle and the principle of proof are objectives worthy of a rational and humane system of criminal law they ought to be used critically to assess the achievement of the total system rather than circularly to [choose] an acceptable portion of the criminal law .

The junior Minister , Robert Key , a teacher by profession and a member of the Chorus of St Martin-in-the-Fields , sat on the Select Committee on Education , Science and the Arts and the Conservative Back bench Committee on the Arts and Heritage .
the junior minister , robert key , a teacher by profession and a member of the chorus of st martin-in-the-fields , sat on the [choose] committee on education , science and the arts and the conservative back bench committee on the arts and heritage .

We are showing a select number of works , much as we would at a major international fair such as the Biennale .
we are showing a [choose] number of works , much as we would at a major international fair such as the biennale .

Select any word or sentence , for instance the word ‘ calm ’ or ‘ my mind and body are calm ’ .
[choose] any word or sentence , for instance the word ‘ calm ’ or ‘ my mind and body are calm ’ .

Once you have clear precise objectives you will be ready to select activities for the achievement of each objective .
once you have clear precise objectives you will be ready to [choose] activities for the achievement of each objective .

Select from the remaining options .
[choose] from the remaining options .

Look back on the activities you have enjoyed in the past and select one to develop .
look back on the activities you have enjoyed in the past and [choose] one to develop .

As well as being able to select from an even wider range of information , Prestel customers can actually make bookings and have them confirmed and will , increasingly , be able to buy a wide range of goods and services using their credit cards to pay .
as well as being able to [choose] from an even wider range of information , prestel customers can actually make bookings and have them confirmed and will , increasingly , be able to buy a wide range of goods and services using their credit cards to pay .

Businesses which are Prestel information providers will be able to supply information on their products not only to the general public but also to select groups within a particular business or profession , Travel agents , for example , already use the Prestel service extensively .
businesses which are prestel information providers will be able to supply information on their products not only to the general public but also to [choose] groups within a particular business or profession , travel agents , for example , already use the prestel service extensively .

How to select a photographer
how to [choose] a photographer

This makes it important to select the right measure for the purpose in view .
this makes it important to [choose] the right measure for the purpose in view .

The disposal of trade , effluents has become an important factor in running factories in many industries all over the world , and attention has to be given to methods of dealing with waste waters in order to select the most economical methods , both in running costs and in capital expenditure .
the disposal of trade , effluents has become an important factor in running factories in many industries all over the world , and attention has to be given to methods of dealing with waste waters in order to [choose] the most economical methods , both in running costs and in capital expenditure .

The second point is that you should certainly select subjects you think you will enjoy .
the second point is that you should certainly [choose] subjects you think you will enjoy .

If you 're asked to answer , say , four questions in three hours , allow yourself sufficient time to study the exam paper and select the right questions for you to answer on that day .
if you 're asked to answer , say , four questions in three hours , allow yourself sufficient time to study the exam paper and [choose] the right questions for you to answer on that day .

If not , you should select them from group 2 .
if not , you should [choose] them from group 2 .

After reflection , you can select the best version or even combine the best elements from two or more versions .
after reflection , you can [choose] the best version or even combine the best elements from two or more versions .

When we shop or eat out in cafés , college canteens or restaurants , we tend to select food for appeal and taste , not nutrient value .
when we shop or eat out in cafés , college canteens or restaurants , we tend to [choose] food for appeal and taste , not nutrient value .

Always select popular groups and rugs which represent a reasonable cross-section of the sizes and prices ranges on offer ( i.e .
always [choose] popular groups and rugs which represent a reasonable cross-section of the sizes and prices ranges on offer ( i.e .

Carpet shops are normally separated into those which specialize in old and antique items , and those which specialize in contemporary rugs , and it is important to select the appropriate outlet for your particular rug .
carpet shops are normally separated into those which specialize in old and antique items , and those which specialize in contemporary rugs , and it is important to [choose] the appropriate outlet for your particular rug .

In this role , the pen can be used to select items , pull down menus , move objects around the screen ; in effect , to handle any task that hitherto required the use of a mouse .
in this role , the pen can be used to [choose] items , pull down menus , move objects around the screen ; in effect , to handle any task that hitherto required the use of a mouse .

Where a word in a sentence has more than one meaning , dictionary definitions can be used to select the appropriate sense .
where a word in a sentence has more than one meaning , dictionary definitions can be used to [choose] the appropriate sense .

Definitional overlap uses dictionary definitions as a source of semantic knowledge , and follows a sequential comparison algorithm to select one from a number of alternative word candidates as being the most ’ semantically plausible ’ within that sentential context .
definitional overlap uses dictionary definitions as a source of semantic knowledge , and follows a sequential comparison algorithm to [choose] one from a number of alternative word candidates as being the most ’ semantically plausible ’ within that sentential context .

It is this select band who are invited to show off their memory ( or loss of it ) of the above mentioned ballad .
it is this [choose] band who are invited to show off their memory ( or loss of it ) of the above mentioned ballad .

The central government took no further action — although select committees investigated the problem in 1895 and 1896 .
the central government took no further action — although [choose] committees investigated the problem in 1895 and 1896 .

In the 1880s and 1890s there was an impressive number of official investigations into problems — the Royal Commissions on Labour ( 1893–4 ) , Housing of the Working Classes ( 1884–5 ) , Aged Poor ( 1895 ) , on the Depression of Trade and Industry ( 1886 ) , Sanitary Laws ( 1871 ) , Factory Acts ( 1876 ) , select committees on Distress from Want of Employment ( 1895 ) , National Provident Insurance ( 1885–7 ) , Old Age Pensions ( 1896 and 1899 ) , The Sweating System ( 1890 ) , on Poor Law Relief ( 1888 ) , on Artisans and Labourers Dwellings Improvements ( 1881 ) , to name a few .
in the 1880s and 1890s there was an impressive number of official investigations into problems — the royal commissions on labour ( 1893–4 ) , housing of the working classes ( 1884–5 ) , aged poor ( 1895 ) , on the depression of trade and industry ( 1886 ) , sanitary laws ( 1871 ) , factory acts ( 1876 ) , [choose] committees on distress from want of employment ( 1895 ) , national provident insurance ( 1885–7 ) , old age pensions ( 1896 and 1899 ) , the sweating system ( 1890 ) , on poor law relief ( 1888 ) , on artisans and labourers dwellings improvements ( 1881 ) , to name a few .

He overcame considerable opposition from within the Treasury , with the support of a favourable report from the Select Committee on Income Tax of 1906 .
he overcame considerable opposition from within the treasury , with the support of a favourable report from the [choose] committee on income tax of 1906 .

Firstly , select your destination — either European or Outside of Europe .
firstly , [choose] your destination — either european or outside of europe .

Select or Collect
[choose] or collect

The choice is yours when you select a multi centre holiday — how long , where you want to spend your time and at which hotel .
the choice is yours when you [choose] a multi centre holiday — how long , where you want to spend your time and at which hotel .

Select even-sized maincrop ( old ) potatoes 8–10 oz ( 225–275 gm ) in weight .
[choose] even-sized maincrop ( old ) potatoes 8–10 oz ( 225–275 gm ) in weight .

Note-taking helps you think , select and remember .
note-taking helps you think , [choose] and remember .

You should select and practise the appropriate method for the task in hand .
you should [choose] and practise the appropriate method for the task in hand .

Select a programme and concentrate on the dialogue for a change .
[choose] a programme and concentrate on the dialogue for a change .

Using national newspapers , select at least one job which is of interest to you and then write a letter of application .
using national newspapers , [choose] at least one job which is of interest to you and then write a letter of application .

Although you may select a borrowing limit of £3,000 , for example , there is no compulsion for you to withdraw that amount at once , or at all — you take out just as much as you want .
although you may [choose] a borrowing limit of £3,000 , for example , there is no compulsion for you to withdraw that amount at once , or at all — you take out just as much as you want .

Select a monthly figure that you can comfortably afford , then work out how much you want to borrow and how long it will take to repay .
[choose] a monthly figure that you can comfortably afford , then work out how much you want to borrow and how long it will take to repay .

Being able to select precise dates for payments allows businesses to manage their funds more effectively and maximise use of limited cash resources .
being able to [choose] precise dates for payments allows businesses to manage their funds more effectively and maximise use of limited cash resources .

If the property you select is leasehold there must be a minimum 99 year term on new premises , and at least 25 years to run beyond the period of the mortgage on existing premises .
if the property you [choose] is leasehold there must be a minimum 99 year term on new premises , and at least 25 years to run beyond the period of the mortgage on existing premises .

If you select the monthly income option you have the advantage of a guaranteed , regular source of extra income , but the interest rate we pay is slightly lower than that payable under the lump sum option .
if you [choose] the monthly income option you have the advantage of a guaranteed , regular source of extra income , but the interest rate we pay is slightly lower than that payable under the lump sum option .

With the power to select between policy alternatives ; with direct authority over his department and some , although not all , of the component parts of the system of criminal justice , but exercising strong influence over other parts ; the Home Secretary still possesses unmatched opportunities for individual decision making .
with the power to [choose] between policy alternatives ; with direct authority over his department and some , although not all , of the component parts of the system of criminal justice , but exercising strong influence over other parts ; the home secretary still possesses unmatched opportunities for individual decision making .

There is always a possibility that the quality , mid-market , and tabloid papers will take contrary stances making it necessary to select which readership is more important for the purpose .
there is always a possibility that the quality , mid-market , and tabloid papers will take contrary stances making it necessary to [choose] which readership is more important for the purpose .

In putting through Parliament the Law Commissions Act 1965 he created separate Law Commissions for England and Wales , and for Scotland , each with a seconded High Court judge as chairman , and a staff of qualified lawyers and others with the obligation to investigate particular questions referred to it , or on its own initiative to conduct a regular programme of inquiry into the general state of the law or any particular question , civil or criminal , which they chose to select .
in putting through parliament the law commissions act 1965 he created separate law commissions for england and wales , and for scotland , each with a seconded high court judge as chairman , and a staff of qualified lawyers and others with the obligation to investigate particular questions referred to it , or on its own initiative to conduct a regular programme of inquiry into the general state of the law or any particular question , civil or criminal , which they chose to [choose] .

The Department falls within the purview of the Select Committee system in the Commons and also of the Parliamentary Commissioner for Administration .
the department falls within the purview of the [choose] committee system in the commons and also of the parliamentary commissioner for administration .

The Select Committee on Capital Punishment , 1929–30 , recommended the abolition of capital punishment for an experimental period of five years , and an amendment in this sense is likely to be moved if a new Criminal Justice Bill is introduced .
the [choose] committee on capital punishment , 1929–30 , recommended the abolition of capital punishment for an experimental period of five years , and an amendment in this sense is likely to be moved if a new criminal justice bill is introduced .

On these grounds they would propose to resist the clause proposing abolition , but , in order to enable the House to consider whether there should be a more frequent recommendation for the exercise of the Royal Prerogative , the Government would propose to table a Resolution in the same sort of terms as that included in the conditional recommendations of the Select Committee [ of the House of Commons on Capital Punishment , 1929–30 ] , and that if such a Resolution were passed , the practice governing recommendations for the exercise of the Prerogative would be altered accordingly .
on these grounds they would propose to resist the clause proposing abolition , but , in order to enable the house to consider whether there should be a more frequent recommendation for the exercise of the royal prerogative , the government would propose to table a resolution in the same sort of terms as that included in the conditional recommendations of the [choose] committee [ of the house of commons on capital punishment , 1929–30 ] , and that if such a resolution were passed , the practice governing recommendations for the exercise of the prerogative would be altered accordingly .

As the Select Committee of 1930 pointed out in their Report , ‘ the evidence before the court is restricted to what is directly relative to the proof of the charge and excludes many weighty considerations that are thrown into the balance when the Home Secretary is advising on the Prerogative of Mercy ’ .
as the [choose] committee of 1930 pointed out in their report , ‘ the evidence before the court is restricted to what is directly relative to the proof of the charge and excludes many weighty considerations that are thrown into the balance when the home secretary is advising on the prerogative of mercy ’ .

The Select Committee recommended the first course and said that the life sentence should be interpreted and administered in the same way as the sentence to which a reprieved murderer is subject at present .
the [choose] committee recommended the first course and said that the life sentence should be interpreted and administered in the same way as the sentence to which a reprieved murderer is subject at present .

It has been suggested that in some countries where capital punishment has been abolished the alternative is the imprisonment of murderers under more rigorous conditions than are applicable to other prisoners , but from the information collected by the Select Committee it appears that this suggestion is unfounded .
it has been suggested that in some countries where capital punishment has been abolished the alternative is the imprisonment of murderers under more rigorous conditions than are applicable to other prisoners , but from the information collected by the [choose] committee it appears that this suggestion is unfounded .

The evidence given to the Select Committee showed that in Norway and Belgium it was the practice to keep in solitary confinement prisoners ( whether sentenced for murder or for other crimes ) who had not a criminal record , but this method was adopted for reformative purposes and for protecting such prisoners from contamination by other prisoners .
the evidence given to the [choose] committee showed that in norway and belgium it was the practice to keep in solitary confinement prisoners ( whether sentenced for murder or for other crimes ) who had not a criminal record , but this method was adopted for reformative purposes and for protecting such prisoners from contamination by other prisoners .

More information was to be obtained on offenders , and their backgrounds , in order that the courts might select methods of disposal ‘ most likely to achieve the ends of justice in relation to the individual offender ’ .
more information was to be obtained on offenders , and their backgrounds , in order that the courts might [choose] methods of disposal ‘ most likely to achieve the ends of justice in relation to the individual offender ’ .

The implications of this question , transformed by the reprehensible way in which the administration of life imprisonment had developed over the intervening years , were to be subjected to critical review by a Lords Select Committee in 1988–9 .
the implications of this question , transformed by the reprehensible way in which the administration of life imprisonment had developed over the intervening years , were to be subjected to critical review by a lords [choose] committee in 1988–9 .

More than a century earlier , in 1856 , a Select Committee of the House of Commons had heard arguments remarkably similar to those which were to convince the Royal Commission :
more than a century earlier , in 1856 , a [choose] committee of the house of commons had heard arguments remarkably similar to those which were to convince the royal commission :

To ensure adequate pollination select at least three varieties that pollinate each other .
to ensure adequate pollination [choose] at least three varieties that pollinate each other .

Asked to select all the objects in an array that shared a particular attribute and to name the attribute , these children could provide an answer but the grammatical form revealed , according to Greenfield , inferior cognitive facility .
asked to [choose] all the objects in an array that shared a particular attribute and to name the attribute , these children could provide an answer but the grammatical form revealed , according to greenfield , inferior cognitive facility .

Select rooms to be offered which are within the apparent price range appropriate to the guest .
[choose] rooms to be offered which are within the apparent price range appropriate to the guest .

The method of advertising used will depend largely on the ‘ advertising or marketing budget ’ , but the product can be advertised using several different types of media and the hotel or hotel group will select the method that will give them the best coverage within their financial means .
the method of advertising used will depend largely on the ‘ advertising or marketing budget ’ , but the product can be advertised using several different types of media and the hotel or hotel group will [choose] the method that will give them the best coverage within their financial means .

If the number of figures is odd , select the middle figure .
if the number of figures is odd , [choose] the middle figure .

The main misgivings relate to the perverse incentives fundholding was thought to create : not to refer patients ; to shift cases from elective to emergency care ; to select or deselect patients according to their cost liability .
the main misgivings relate to the perverse incentives fundholding was thought to create : not to refer patients ; to shift cases from elective to emergency care ; to [choose] or deselect patients according to their cost liability .

This has led some commentators to observe that it is possible to find an individual of either sex who will show almost any specified degree of any ability that we might care to select .
this has led some commentators to observe that it is possible to find an individual of either sex who will show almost any specified degree of any ability that we might care to [choose] .

However , by using different assessment methods , the concept has been refined to include how managers perceive their world , how they search for and select data , and how they conceptualize with that data to give it a framework and meaning .
however , by using different assessment methods , the concept has been refined to include how managers perceive their world , how they search for and [choose] data , and how they conceptualize with that data to give it a framework and meaning .

We select goals or ends which are important to us and attempt to achieve them .
we [choose] goals or ends which are important to us and attempt to achieve them .

Individuals who wish to communicate have the opportunity to select one or more of four channels :
individuals who wish to communicate have the opportunity to [choose] one or more of four channels :

Select problems where the administrative cost and time or the social benefits support a group solution — that is , justify the choice of a group .
[choose] problems where the administrative cost and time or the social benefits support a group solution — that is , justify the choice of a group .

In trying to meet his responsibility to govern , a president must deal not with a select group of leaders but with a multiplicity of party and committee leaders .
in trying to meet his responsibility to govern , a president must deal not with a [choose] group of leaders but with a multiplicity of party and committee leaders .

And , most important of all , the number of states using primary elections to select delegates to the convention had risen from 17 in 1968 to 29 in 1976 , with the number of votes cast by delegates chosen or bound by primaries increasing from 37.5 per cent to 72.6 per cent .
and , most important of all , the number of states using primary elections to [choose] delegates to the convention had risen from 17 in 1968 to 29 in 1976 , with the number of votes cast by delegates chosen or bound by primaries increasing from 37.5 per cent to 72.6 per cent .

As our evidence to the Select Committee showed , we have made full provision for these costs in our accounts .
as our evidence to the [choose] committee showed , we have made full provision for these costs in our accounts .

The Select Committee suggested that these costs might actually be too high and it is true that if our ‘ Safestore ’ strategy is adopted we will be able to reduce the liability by at least a further £500 million .
the [choose] committee suggested that these costs might actually be too high and it is true that if our ‘ safestore ’ strategy is adopted we will be able to reduce the liability by at least a further £500 million .

Select one job to be run from the following options :
[choose] one job to be run from the following options :

Select one job to be run from the following options :
[choose] one job to be run from the following options :

Select one job to be run from the following options :
[choose] one job to be run from the following options :

Select one job to be run from the following options :
[choose] one job to be run from the following options :

The method is to select at least two comparison stars , one brighter than the variable and the other fainter .
the method is to [choose] at least two comparison stars , one brighter than the variable and the other fainter .

Given the steeper wage profiles in large firms it is not surprising to find intense competition for employment in these firms and employers are able to select those with the highest qualifications .
given the steeper wage profiles in large firms it is not surprising to find intense competition for employment in these firms and employers are able to [choose] those with the highest qualifications .

‘ In the process of responding to problems people look selectively at their values and historical traditions and select those parts which will reinforce the sort of structure that they think will solve their problems ’ ( Patrick 1975 p.187 ) .
‘ in the process of responding to problems people look selectively at their values and historical traditions and [choose] those parts which will reinforce the sort of structure that they think will solve their problems ’ ( patrick 1975 p.187 ) .

The unconditional jump is , of course , inadequate by itself to select a sequence of instructions to be executed , if the choice depends on results previously calculated by the program or read as input data ( although instruction modification could be used ) .
the unconditional jump is , of course , inadequate by itself to [choose] a sequence of instructions to be executed , if the choice depends on results previously calculated by the program or read as input data ( although instruction modification could be used ) .

Thus single-length elements require no manipulation ; double-length elements require the index quantity to be shifted one bit position left before adding to the vector base address ; half-length elements require a right shift , with the bit shifted out used to select the appropriate half-word .
thus single-length elements require no manipulation ; double-length elements require the index quantity to be shifted one bit position left before adding to the vector base address ; half-length elements require a right shift , with the bit shifted out used to [choose] the appropriate half-word .

It is a task of the supervisor to select ( from time to time ) the most suitable process to run , according to some strategy , and to switch between the process currently running and the new process .
it is a task of the supervisor to [choose] ( from time to time ) the most suitable process to run , according to some strategy , and to switch between the process currently running and the new process .

To perform conditional jumps , the computer has to select one from a set of two ( or more ) next micro-instruction addresses .
to perform conditional jumps , the computer has to [choose] one from a set of two ( or more ) next micro-instruction addresses .

It can be argued , it must be admitted , that when we come across one of these heterophonic homographs we generate all possible pronunciations before accessing the lexicon , and select the appropriate pronunciation on the basis of the derived meaning .
it can be argued , it must be admitted , that when we come across one of these heterophonic homographs we generate all possible pronunciations before accessing the lexicon , and [choose] the appropriate pronunciation on the basis of the derived meaning .

The usual sequence of reading aloud in order to progress to silent reading is in this case reversed — children select and prepare , as a result of silent reading , to read aloud to others .
the usual sequence of reading aloud in order to progress to silent reading is in this case reversed — children [choose] and prepare , as a result of silent reading , to read aloud to others .

If a group is asked , for example , to select what they think are the most exciting , or the saddest , or the most mysterious passages , they will willingly read and re-read in order to make a programme of those passages for the rest of the class , or for younger children .
if a group is asked , for example , to [choose] what they think are the most exciting , or the saddest , or the most mysterious passages , they will willingly read and re-read in order to make a programme of those passages for the rest of the class , or for younger children .

Most of the children … had a verbal knowledge of how to select a book and how to find what they wanted in the right book once they had located it .
most of the children … had a verbal knowledge of how to [choose] a book and how to find what they wanted in the right book once they had located it .

Select information
[choose] information

In junior Scrabble , the children either fill in words already on the Scrabble board , or select words from a list .
in junior scrabble , the children either fill in words already on the scrabble board , or [choose] words from a list .

How is it possible , in a democracy , for a committee of the House of Commons ( the elected representatives of the people ) to find itself prevented from interviewing civil servants when it wishes to do so , or faced with witnesses who refuse to answer questions that are put to them , as was the case when the Commons Select Committee on Defence attempted to investigate the Westland affair in 1986 ?
how is it possible , in a democracy , for a committee of the house of commons ( the elected representatives of the people ) to find itself prevented from interviewing civil servants when it wishes to do so , or faced with witnesses who refuse to answer questions that are put to them , as was the case when the commons [choose] committee on defence attempted to investigate the westland affair in 1986 ?

The people make the laws and select their rulers .
the people make the laws and [choose] their rulers .

When comparing fractions some pupils may compare numerators only or select as the largest fraction the one which has the largest numerator and largest denominator .
when comparing fractions some pupils may compare numerators only or [choose] as the largest fraction the one which has the largest numerator and largest denominator .

Thus , if in a set of decimals to be compared , the longest one really is the smallest , it will attract such pupils when they are asked to pick out the smallest as well as those who select it for the correct reason .
thus , if in a set of decimals to be compared , the longest one really is the smallest , it will attract such pupils when they are asked to pick out the smallest as well as those who [choose] it for the correct reason .

Be able to select from the calculator display the number of figures which is appropriate to the context of the calculation .
be able to [choose] from the calculator display the number of figures which is appropriate to the context of the calculation .

There are several questions which may require pupils to select appropriate numbers from the calculator display after an operation has been carried out .
there are several questions which may require pupils to [choose] appropriate numbers from the calculator display after an operation has been carried out .

The practical tests included : measuring a door to select a replacement ; measuring a table to select an appropriately sized tablecloth ; measuring photographs to select appropriate frames .
the practical tests included : measuring a door to [choose] a replacement ; measuring a table to [choose] an appropriately sized tablecloth ; measuring photographs to [choose] appropriate frames .

In another item pupils were asked to select rectangles from a set of six quadrilaterals .
in another item pupils were asked to [choose] rectangles from a set of six quadrilaterals .

Select paper you want .
[choose] paper you want .

( c ) The establishment of Departmental Select Committees has increased the flow of independent information to M.P.s and increased specialist knowledge amongst back-benchers enabling them to scrutinise legislation more effectively .
( c ) the establishment of departmental [choose] committees has increased the flow of independent information to m.p.s and increased specialist knowledge amongst back-benchers enabling them to scrutinise legislation more effectively .

The Opposition parties have 20 days in each session in which they can select the topic for debate .
the opposition parties have 20 days in each session in which they can [choose] the topic for debate .

Parliamentary Select Committees
parliamentary [choose] committees

The Select Committee on Defence investigating the `` Westlands Affair `` wished to question civil service press officers and the Prime Minister 's Press Secretary but the Government 's refusal to allow them to testify effectively emasculated the committee .
the [choose] committee on defence investigating the `` westlands affair `` wished to question civil service press officers and the prime minister 's press secretary but the government 's refusal to allow them to testify effectively emasculated the committee .

When the former Parliamentary Under Secretary of State for Health ( Mrs Edwina Currie ) had refused to give evidence to the Select Committee on Agriculture , the committee resolved to table a motion in the Commons forcing her attendance .
when the former parliamentary under secretary of state for health ( mrs edwina currie ) had refused to give evidence to the [choose] committee on agriculture , the committee resolved to table a motion in the commons forcing her attendance .

The various departmental select committees looking at the estimates and the Public Accounts Committee looking at the accounts of what has been spent , can only scratch the surface .
the various departmental [choose] committees looking at the estimates and the public accounts committee looking at the accounts of what has been spent , can only scratch the surface .

In Session 1969–70 the Select Committee on Privileges recommended that it should cover : ( a ) all things done or written in each House or in Committee for the purpose of business being transacted ; ( b ) all things done between members and officers , between members , and between members and ministers for the purpose of enabling any of these to carry out their functions .
in session 1969–70 the [choose] committee on privileges recommended that it should cover : ( a ) all things done or written in each house or in committee for the purpose of business being transacted ; ( b ) all things done between members and officers , between members , and between members and ministers for the purpose of enabling any of these to carry out their functions .

The solution to this problem is to select one of a number of morphological criteria , observe the embryos in culture at defined intervals ( e.g .
the solution to this problem is to [choose] one of a number of morphological criteria , observe the embryos in culture at defined intervals ( e.g .

every 30 min or every hour ) , and select those embryos that have attained a particular stage within the preceding chosen time interval .
every 30 min or every hour ) , and [choose] those embryos that have attained a particular stage within the preceding chosen time interval .

Therefore , it is important to select suitably stringent criteria for evaluating their development , Table 8 lists certain useful parameters which can be used .
therefore , it is important to [choose] suitably stringent criteria for evaluating their development , table 8 lists certain useful parameters which can be used .

To set up group discussions , the researcher needs to select the research company or independent freelancer most suited to the job .
to set up group discussions , the researcher needs to [choose] the research company or independent freelancer most suited to the job .

As he is a very busy person he begs for your report to be in note form listing the public to be reached and the media you select .
as he is a very busy person he begs for your report to be in note form listing the public to be reached and the media you [choose] .

Select specific words as necessary : one word per card .
[choose] specific words as necessary : one word per card .

2 Select a patient who has difficulty breathing in the post-operative period . What measures were planned to help resolve the problem ?
2 [choose] a patient who has difficulty breathing in the post-operative period . what measures were planned to help resolve the problem ?

3 Select one patient who smokes and one who does not .
3 [choose] one patient who smokes and one who does not .

4 Select a patient who is depleted of fluid and one who has fluid excess . What are the similarities and differences in their pre- and post-operative care ?
4 [choose] a patient who is depleted of fluid and one who has fluid excess . what are the similarities and differences in their pre- and post-operative care ?

2 Select a patient and ask him whether his surgery affected his normal Pattern of rest and sleep .
2 [choose] a patient and ask him whether his surgery affected his normal pattern of rest and sleep .

Many companies participating in Compacts will use a variety of testing procedures in order to select appropriate candidates for jobs .
many companies participating in compacts will use a variety of testing procedures in order to [choose] appropriate candidates for jobs .

Education authorities should select those schools which will benefit from participation in a Compact .
education authorities should [choose] those schools which will benefit from participation in a compact .

Education authorities should select those schools which will benefit from participation in a Compact .
education authorities should [choose] those schools which will benefit from participation in a compact .

These have to be the finest among American concertos : the Barber is standard repertoire now , but Serenade ( after Plato , ‘ in praise of love ’ ) is only just beginning to emerge as one of Bernstein 's highly select group of masterpieces — about time too .
these have to be the finest among american concertos : the barber is standard repertoire now , but serenade ( after plato , ‘ in praise of love ’ ) is only just beginning to emerge as one of bernstein 's highly [choose] group of masterpieces — about time too .

Given the essential technical background and the sound approach advocated in Simple Electronic Navigation both the tyro and the more experienced should be able to select their electronics with ease and obtain better and more reliable use from them .
given the essential technical background and the sound approach advocated in simple electronic navigation both the tyro and the more experienced should be able to [choose] their electronics with ease and obtain better and more reliable use from them .

The American proposals would embrace holding of elections in north and south Korea through multi-party ballot based on universal suffrage ; each legislature established in consequence would select representatives to meet representatives from the other to form a provisional government for a united Korea ; the provisional government would meet representatives of the four powers to consider on a basis of equality the assistance required by Korea ; the provisional government and the powers would agree on a date by which occupation forces would be withdrawn .
the american proposals would embrace holding of elections in north and south korea through multi-party ballot based on universal suffrage ; each legislature established in consequence would [choose] representatives to meet representatives from the other to form a provisional government for a united korea ; the provisional government would meet representatives of the four powers to consider on a basis of equality the assistance required by korea ; the provisional government and the powers would agree on a date by which occupation forces would be withdrawn .

You have 16 or 17 people available for a match , and you have to select 11 .
you have 16 or 17 people available for a match , and you have to [choose] 11 .

The reports of the Select Committee on the Laws respecting Friendly Societies ( 1825–7 ) show improvements of 20–35 per cent from the early eighteenth to the early nineteenth century .
the reports of the [choose] committee on the laws respecting friendly societies ( 1825–7 ) show improvements of 20–35 per cent from the early eighteenth to the early nineteenth century .

His book will appeal to a select élite — only his best friend finished it
his book will appeal to a [choose] élite — only his best friend finished it

Select Holidays offers extension tours of Bangalore/Mysore , or of north India , in conjunction with a Goa holiday .
[choose] holidays offers extension tours of bangalore/mysore , or of north india , in conjunction with a goa holiday .

They number just 11 , and are undoubtedly the most select group of women in the world .
they number just 11 , and are undoubtedly the most [choose] group of women in the world .

You simply slot in a preprogrammed ‘ memory card ’ and select the design you want .
you simply slot in a preprogrammed ‘ memory card ’ and [choose] the design you want .

Select a holiday or a short break from the established specialists in French hotels and châteaux off the beaten track .
[choose] a holiday or a short break from the established specialists in french hotels and châteaux off the beaten track .

Having chosen the four townships that were to be the location of the snowball samples , it remained to select the zero stage of the samples , one individual from each township with whom to start the referral chains .
having chosen the four townships that were to be the location of the snowball samples , it remained to [choose] the zero stage of the samples , one individual from each township with whom to start the referral chains .

But whatever combination of city and countryside you select , you can rely on the excellent Swiss road network .
but whatever combination of city and countryside you [choose] , you can rely on the excellent swiss road network .

The wine list is equally select .
the wine list is equally [choose] .

Select choice of wines and whiskies , blended and malt .
[choose] choice of wines and whiskies , blended and malt .

Select wine list , wide choice of whiskies and beers .
[choose] wine list , wide choice of whiskies and beers .

Downstairs the Officers ' Club , elegant in Chippendale , is available for select functions .
downstairs the officers ' club , elegant in chippendale , is available for [choose] functions .

Select wine list , 40 malt whiskies .
[choose] wine list , 40 malt whiskies .

Select range of wines and whiskies .
[choose] range of wines and whiskies .

Select choice of wines and whiskies , Carlsberg Lager .
[choose] choice of wines and whiskies , carlsberg lager .

Select wine list .
[choose] wine list .

An excellent pub catering for the sedate , the posh and not so posh residents of select Newington .
an excellent pub catering for the sedate , the posh and not so posh residents of [choose] newington .

Select menu and elegant surroundings .
[choose] menu and elegant surroundings .

Select wine list .
[choose] wine list .

Dr Jonathan Winterton appeared before the House of Commons Select Committee on the Mersey Port and Harbour Bill on 13 February .
dr jonathan winterton appeared before the house of commons [choose] committee on the mersey port and harbour bill on 13 february .

This line is voice activated and enables the caller to select which information they require .
this line is voice activated and enables the caller to [choose] which information they require .

In the Italian Riviera we now offer Monterosso , in the Cinque Terre ; in Sardinia there is now Alghero in the north ; there are new properties in the country areas and in the lakes and hills regions you can select retreats in Brenzone near Malcesine and Ovindoli ; and on the Neapolitan Riviera we have added Paestum and Castellabate .
in the italian riviera we now offer monterosso , in the cinque terre ; in sardinia there is now alghero in the north ; there are new properties in the country areas and in the lakes and hills regions you can [choose] retreats in brenzone near malcesine and ovindoli ; and on the neapolitan riviera we have added paestum and castellabate .

Set among the pine trees just a few yards from the white sandy beach , the hotel has immediate access to all facilities in the Forte Hotel Village , at no extra charge , in addition to its own select amenities .
set among the pine trees just a few yards from the white sandy beach , the hotel has immediate access to all facilities in the forte hotel village , at no extra charge , in addition to its own [choose] amenities .

Ryarsh also makes non-standard special shapes , although it is most economic to select from the extensive range of standard specials .
ryarsh also makes non-standard special shapes , although it is most economic to [choose] from the extensive range of standard specials .

In each case the new wall light will be controlled by the existing switch connected to the rose or junction box you select , unless it has an integral push-button or pull-cord switch .
in each case the new wall light will be controlled by the existing switch connected to the rose or junction box you [choose] , unless it has an integral push-button or pull-cord switch .

If the circuit you choose as the power source will be overloaded by the extra lights , you will have to select option 4 .
if the circuit you choose as the power source will be overloaded by the extra lights , you will have to [choose] option 4 .

How can you ensure that the company you select will be honest and reliable ?
how can you ensure that the company you [choose] will be honest and reliable ?

Oliver Sweeney , who makes shoes for a select range of stores worldwide , believes there 's no excuse for having to break in new shoes : ‘ You are simply reshaping them to suit the shape of your feet , and weakening the construction .
oliver sweeney , who makes shoes for a [choose] range of stores worldwide , believes there 's no excuse for having to break in new shoes : ‘ you are simply reshaping them to suit the shape of your feet , and weakening the construction .

The more active occupied some post offices and gave evidence to the House of Commons Select Committee , part of which is reproduced here ( Fleming , 1973 ) .
the more active occupied some post offices and gave evidence to the house of commons [choose] committee , part of which is reproduced here ( fleming , 1973 ) .

In July 1337 , after a series of negotiations with the wool merchants , the king obtained an agreement under which a select group of wealthy merchants would be empowered to buy up and export 30,000 sacks of wool .
in july 1337 , after a series of negotiations with the wool merchants , the king obtained an agreement under which a [choose] group of wealthy merchants would be empowered to buy up and export 30,000 sacks of wool .

The small but select entry includes Carl 's Choice , several times a winner on this track , and Sneakapenny , whose last fence blunder at Garthorpe last weekend may have cost him the Men 's Open there .
the small but [choose] entry includes carl 's choice , several times a winner on this track , and sneakapenny , whose last fence blunder at garthorpe last weekend may have cost him the men 's open there .

Brittain is always up with the lark and it was a nice piece of work that Needle Gun did under Roberts on the Side Hill woodchip gallops early on Tuesday that makes me select him for the Laburnum Stakes .
brittain is always up with the lark and it was a nice piece of work that needle gun did under roberts on the side hill woodchip gallops early on tuesday that makes me [choose] him for the laburnum stakes .

Old Foresters , a team of former Public Schoolboys , won three years running from 1885 to 87 and Ilford repeated the act between 1988 and 1990 when the manager had no more than a large village to select his players from .
old foresters , a team of former public schoolboys , won three years running from 1885 to 87 and ilford repeated the act between 1988 and 1990 when the manager had no more than a large village to [choose] his players from .

He told a Common select committee : ‘ It is not possible to be certain the recession is over , but there seem to be enough indications to say in all probability it is . ’
he told a common [choose] committee : ‘ it is not possible to be certain the recession is over , but there seem to be enough indications to say in all probability it is . ’

Candidates should be made aware of the variety of forms of writing used in business life , so that they will be able to select most appropriate form — notes , summaries , memoranda , telex , quantification displays , etc — according to circumstances .
candidates should be made aware of the variety of forms of writing used in business life , so that they will be able to [choose] most appropriate form — notes , summaries , memoranda , telex , quantification displays , etc — according to circumstances .

Candidates will have to understand , select , collate and , if necessary , supplement this data in order to write the report in the light of the instructions given .
candidates will have to understand , [choose] , collate and , if necessary , supplement this data in order to write the report in the light of the instructions given .

It is also necessary , in areas where student members are small , to select experts who are seen to be neutral and do not have a conflict of interest with the college .
it is also necessary , in areas where student members are small , to [choose] experts who are seen to be neutral and do not have a conflict of interest with the college .

It has been found that students qualified in one discipline have opted to select units with emphasis in another , eg two students with a ‘ mechanical ’ background have elected to do Computer Aided Design with an Electrical bias .
it has been found that students qualified in one discipline have opted to [choose] units with emphasis in another , eg two students with a ‘ mechanical ’ background have elected to do computer aided design with an electrical bias .

after discussion with their Course Tutor they are able to select a programme of units which satisfies their needs from the elective programme .
after discussion with their course tutor they are able to [choose] a programme of units which satisfies their needs from the elective programme .

Students will be able to select from a menu of language modules and modules with a European theme .
students will be able to [choose] from a menu of language modules and modules with a european theme .

The plant consultant will come into an establishment to select material , and is then followed by the plant technician .
the plant consultant will come into an establishment to [choose] material , and is then followed by the plant technician .

Britain 's nuclear industry has welcomed the conclusions of the government 's select committee report on trade and industry .
britain 's nuclear industry has welcomed the conclusions of the government 's [choose] committee report on trade and industry .

No specialist knowledge of computers is needed — there is a series of menus to help you select what to look for , and a ‘ Windows ’ version of the database is soon to be available .
no specialist knowledge of computers is needed — there is a series of menus to help you [choose] what to look for , and a ‘ windows ’ version of the database is soon to be available .

The hotel 's sommelier records the origins of the wines in a large book , where guests can add their own comments and those who select a special vintage from one of the great chateau have their names inscribed in copper .
the hotel 's sommelier records the origins of the wines in a large book , where guests can add their own comments and those who [choose] a special vintage from one of the great chateau have their names inscribed in copper .

Users who in terms of para ( c ) above chose to select special corrective appliances which cost in excess of £50 , will be responsible for the additional cost .
users who in terms of para ( c ) above chose to [choose] special corrective appliances which cost in excess of £50 , will be responsible for the additional cost .

Only a few select people have ever seen the mummy of Tutankhamun .
only a few [choose] people have ever seen the mummy of tutankhamun .

‘ There 's a plot , a highly organized attempt to overthrow the government , by a select group of the elite , ’ said Carlson .
‘ there 's a plot , a highly organized attempt to overthrow the government , by a [choose] group of the elite , ’ said carlson .

‘ Werner Keitel was an Abwehr agent employed at the time to select deep cover agents .
‘ werner keitel was an abwehr agent employed at the time to [choose] deep cover agents .

Each candidate must select three courses from the list of available courses .
each candidate must [choose] three courses from the list of available courses .

In addition to the core course in Theory and Methods of Literary Study , students would normally select two one-term options .
in addition to the core course in theory and methods of literary study , students would normally [choose] two one-term options .

Candidates are required to select either one major and one minor course , or three minor courses .
candidates are required to [choose] either one major and one minor course , or three minor courses .

Students have the opportunity to select areas of study which are of personal and professional interest ; to study in-depth issues relevant to the theory and practice of nursing and education and to participate in a stimulating exchange of ideas across cultural and disciplinary boundaries .
students have the opportunity to [choose] areas of study which are of personal and professional interest ; to study in-depth issues relevant to the theory and practice of nursing and education and to participate in a stimulating exchange of ideas across cultural and disciplinary boundaries .

That 's why you should really select them together .
that 's why you should really [choose] them together .

The third and honours years offer a wide range of subjects grouped under four headings — Compositional Studies ; Historical Studies ; Performance Studies ; Scientific and Theoretical Studies — from which , subject to certain constraints , students select subjects of their choice .
the third and honours years offer a wide range of subjects grouped under four headings — compositional studies ; historical studies ; performance studies ; scientific and theoretical studies — from which , subject to certain constraints , students [choose] subjects of their choice .

The agriculture courses available at Edinburgh are designed to provide maximum flexibility and to allow the student to select a degree course best suited to career interests .
the agriculture courses available at edinburgh are designed to provide maximum flexibility and to allow the student to [choose] a degree course best suited to career interests .

Eventually , you may select , from more than twenty honours courses , the ones you are most interested in for study to professional standard .
eventually , you may [choose] , from more than twenty honours courses , the ones you are most interested in for study to professional standard .

To avoid these limitations of size and orientation , we used ex vivo autoradiography , which allowed us to select well oriented crypts in the large histological sections ( 20×40 mm ) .
to avoid these limitations of size and orientation , we used ex vivo autoradiography , which allowed us to [choose] well oriented crypts in the large histological sections ( 20×40 mm ) .

This restriction ensured that the study population was representative of the range of pediatric Crohn 's disease rather than a select group requiring tertiaty care .
this restriction ensured that the study population was representative of the range of pediatric crohn 's disease rather than a [choose] group requiring tertiaty care .

Tiebout ( 1956 ) argued that individuals select the local community whose provision of local public goods and tax prices best satisfies their preferences .
tiebout ( 1956 ) argued that individuals [choose] the local community whose provision of local public goods and tax prices best satisfies their preferences .

If each local community offered a different menu of public goods expenditures , then each individual could be thought to select the local community that provided a level of output corresponding to his or her preferences .
if each local community offered a different menu of public goods expenditures , then each individual could be thought to [choose] the local community that provided a level of output corresponding to his or her preferences .

Select Option 7.7.1 , Create Charging Code , and type
[choose] option 7.7.1 , create charging code , and type

The nomination latency is the time period within which the module manager may inhibit deletion of the specific module version by introducing a package into the database to explicitly select this version or by making the version preferred .
the nomination latency is the time period within which the module manager may inhibit deletion of the specific module version by introducing a package into the database to explicitly [choose] this version or by making the version preferred .

select the name of the Listing file to be generated .
[choose] the name of the listing file to be generated .

the package must select itself
the package must [choose] itself

Further , the user will be able to select the status of SPRs/SSRs that are to appear in the report and will also be able to limit the report to only those modules which appear in the Root Package itself .
further , the user will be able to [choose] the status of sprs/ssrs that are to appear in the report and will also be able to limit the report to only those modules which appear in the root package itself .

It allows you to select the next field to access ( see below ) .
it allows you to [choose] the next field to access ( see below ) .

You can select the data type to be copied from cache in one of two ways :
you can [choose] the data type to be copied from cache in one of two ways :

You can select the next field to process in one of two ways :
you can [choose] the next field to process in one of two ways :

This index enables you to select either the option to reserve a package or product name or alternatively reserve up to 29 source , foreign or pmodel names .
this index enables you to [choose] either the option to reserve a package or product name or alternatively reserve up to 29 source , foreign or pmodel names .

When you first select this option , the Read From Root Package — Current Package Contents page will be displayed .
when you first [choose] this option , the read from root package — current package contents page will be displayed .

the package must Select itself .
the package must [choose] itself .

Having prepared the package , you should select option 1.5.3 — Grant/Deny Approval to Package .
having prepared the package , you should [choose] option 1.5.3 — grant/deny approval to package .

When you first select this option , the Prepare Package For Approval page will be displayed .
when you first [choose] this option , the prepare package for approval page will be displayed .

To view another set of packages , select the option again .
to view another set of packages , [choose] the option again .

To view another set of packages , select the option again .
to view another set of packages , [choose] the option again .

When you select this option , the first page will be displayed to obtain the name of the package for the operation .
when you [choose] this option , the first page will be displayed to obtain the name of the package for the operation .

This index page allows you to select from a number of listing options which provide information about Design Changes ( DCs ) .
this index page allows you to [choose] from a number of listing options which provide information about design changes ( dcs ) .

This index enables you to select various listing options associated with Software Performance Reports ( SPRs ) .
this index enables you to [choose] various listing options associated with software performance reports ( sprs ) .

This index enables you to select various options which allow different aspects of Software Performance Reports ( SPRs ) to be viewed .
this index enables you to [choose] various options which allow different aspects of software performance reports ( sprs ) to be viewed .

To view a further set of SPRs , select the option again .
to view a further set of sprs , [choose] the option again .

To view a further set of SPRs , select the option again .
to view a further set of sprs , [choose] the option again .

To view a further set of SPRs , select the option again .
to view a further set of sprs , [choose] the option again .

This index enables you to select various listings associated with Software Status Reports ( SSRs ) .
this index enables you to [choose] various listings associated with software status reports ( ssrs ) .

This index enables you to select various options which allow different aspects of Software Status Reports ( SSRs ) to be viewed .
this index enables you to [choose] various options which allow different aspects of software status reports ( ssrs ) to be viewed .

To view a further set of SSRs , select the option again .
to view a further set of ssrs , [choose] the option again .

This index enables you to select an option to either create a Product , update a Product , or register a Product .
this index enables you to [choose] an option to either create a product , update a product , or register a product .

This index enables you to select the option to either create a Client or update a Client .
this index enables you to [choose] the option to either create a client or update a client .

This index enables you to select the option to either create an Issue or update an Issue .
this index enables you to [choose] the option to either create an issue or update an issue .

This index enables you to select various viewing facilities associated with Product , Client and Issue details .
this index enables you to [choose] various viewing facilities associated with product , client and issue details .

To view a further set of Products , select the option again .
to view a further set of products , [choose] the option again .

To view a further set of Clients , select the option again .
to view a further set of clients , [choose] the option again .

To view a further set of Clients , select the option again .
to view a further set of clients , [choose] the option again .

This index page enables you to select an option to inspect your mail messages .
this index page enables you to [choose] an option to inspect your mail messages .

The option consists of two pages : an initial page which allows you to select the mail messages you wish to inspect , and a second page which allows you to inspect each mail message , page by page .
the option consists of two pages : an initial page which allows you to [choose] the mail messages you wish to inspect , and a second page which allows you to inspect each mail message , page by page .

This index page enables you to select an option to print your mail messages to a file .
this index page enables you to [choose] an option to print your mail messages to a file .

This index page enables you to select an option to delete your mail messages .
this index page enables you to [choose] an option to delete your mail messages .

If there are more than 25 ascendants or descendants , select the option again .
if there are more than 25 ascendants or descendants , [choose] the option again .

You should select this option again to display further information .
you should [choose] this option again to display further information .

You should select this option again to display further products .
you should [choose] this option again to display further products .

You should select this option again to display further SPRs .
you should [choose] this option again to display further sprs .

You should select this option again to display further SSRs .
you should [choose] this option again to display further ssrs .

You should either continue with further mail transactions or select another option .
you should either continue with further mail transactions or [choose] another option .

You should either continue with further mail transactions or select another option .
you should either continue with further mail transactions or [choose] another option .

You should either continue with further mail transactions or select another option .
you should either continue with further mail transactions or [choose] another option .

You should either continue with further mail transactions or select another option .
you should either continue with further mail transactions or [choose] another option .

You should either continue with further mail transactions or select another option .
you should either continue with further mail transactions or [choose] another option .

You should either select this option again to perform further updates to the module ( or to a different module ) or select a completely new option .
you should either [choose] this option again to perform further updates to the module ( or to a different module ) or [choose] a completely new option .

You should select this option again to display further data .
you should [choose] this option again to display further data .

To select all mail messages ( up to a maximum of 16 of the oldest mail messages ) any of the following options should be selected : —
to [choose] all mail messages ( up to a maximum of 16 of the oldest mail messages ) any of the following options should be selected : —

Selection Error — Please select one item
selection error — please [choose] one item

You should select of the following options which may only be done when the combination of old and new mail is not zero : —
you should [choose] of the following options which may only be done when the combination of old and new mail is not zero : —

The panel of judges was selected from leading retailers , briefed to select the winner as the range of carpets which had the most originality and innovation with outstanding sales potential .
the panel of judges was selected from leading retailers , briefed to [choose] the winner as the range of carpets which had the most originality and innovation with outstanding sales potential .

This allows the user to select the precise excitation wavelength for he fluorochrome in use .
this allows the user to [choose] the precise excitation wavelength for he fluorochrome in use .

Select your user terminals — the CompuAdd 810 , 212 , or 316s .
[choose] your user terminals — the compuadd 810 , 212 , or 316s .

You want to alter your data so that you can record and select on hat size — but , alas , the authors of the mailing package had n't thought of that one .
you want to alter your data so that you can record and [choose] on hat size — but , alas , the authors of the mailing package had n't thought of that one .

Democratic and Republican voters in nine states participated in primary elections on June 5 to select candidates for legislative and gubernatorial contests due in November 1990 .
democratic and republican voters in nine states participated in primary elections on june 5 to [choose] candidates for legislative and gubernatorial contests due in november 1990 .

In following the July 18 recommendation of the Select Committee on Ethics , the Senate also ordered Durenberger to pay more than $ 120,000 in restitution for improper expense claims and the receipt of gifts and honoraria ( in the form of speaking fees ) in excess of the prescribed limit .
in following the july 18 recommendation of the [choose] committee on ethics , the senate also ordered durenberger to pay more than $ 120,000 in restitution for improper expense claims and the receipt of gifts and honoraria ( in the form of speaking fees ) in excess of the prescribed limit .

South Korea made an eleventh hour concession on Aug. 12 by suggesting that the North might be permitted to select only those whom it wished to receive from the 61,000 names on the list .
south korea made an eleventh hour concession on aug. 12 by suggesting that the north might be permitted to [choose] only those whom it wished to receive from the 61,000 names on the list .

Within a few weeks of his appointment the new Metropolitan was urging , in an interview with Romania Libera , that religion be taught in schools and announcing that a Synod-appointed commission would select the basic religious concepts to be taught in primary , junior and senior schools .
within a few weeks of his appointment the new metropolitan was urging , in an interview with romania libera , that religion be taught in schools and announcing that a synod-appointed commission would [choose] the basic religious concepts to be taught in primary , junior and senior schools .

It must be appropriate for the task . Do you let children work in " table " groups , with friends in groups of their own choosing , or do you select the groups ?
it must be appropriate for the task . do you let children work in " table " groups , with friends in groups of their own choosing , or do you [choose] the groups ?

To select the key moment(s) or the key stages in a narrative .
to [choose] the key moment(s) or the key stages in a narrative .

If several offers are received it may be necessary to select say the best five with which to proceed and to reject the other offers .
if several offers are received it may be necessary to [choose] say the best five with which to proceed and to reject the other offers .

It is normal to select one preferred bidder and to attempt to keep a second or third bidder on hold in case the first bidder should withdraw .
it is normal to [choose] one preferred bidder and to attempt to keep a second or third bidder on hold in case the first bidder should withdraw .

Hence , the proactive approach will enable an acquiror to select targets from a larger population of companies .
hence , the proactive approach will enable an acquiror to [choose] targets from a larger population of companies .

Based on the indications of interest , the shareholders , with the assistance of [ selling agent ] will , at their sole and absolute discretion , select a preferred party or parties who will be invited to perform such limited due diligence as they deem necessary in order to be able to make a binding offer .
based on the indications of interest , the shareholders , with the assistance of [ selling agent ] will , at their sole and absolute discretion , [choose] a preferred party or parties who will be invited to perform such limited due diligence as they deem necessary in order to be able to make a binding offer .

Subject to the content of the replies received by the indicative offers deadline , the vendors will select a shortlist of interested parties to whom further information will be made available . This will include the following : —
subject to the content of the replies received by the indicative offers deadline , the vendors will [choose] a shortlist of interested parties to whom further information will be made available . this will include the following : —

To select the preferred party we will need final offer prices , terms and conditions which will mean having to provide the short listed parties with the further information necessary for them to make a firm offer .
to [choose] the preferred party we will need final offer prices , terms and conditions which will mean having to provide the short listed parties with the further information necessary for them to make a firm offer .

Should you have difficulty getting the ball into the air with irons , select a club which has the weight more towards the sole of the clubhead .
should you have difficulty getting the ball into the air with irons , [choose] a club which has the weight more towards the sole of the clubhead .

This will be achieved by analysing the criteria used to select expert system applications and comparing them with the criteria used to evaluate the feasibility of traditional data processing projects .
this will be achieved by analysing the criteria used to [choose] expert system applications and comparing them with the criteria used to evaluate the feasibility of traditional data processing projects .

1 Select a pilot sample of research supervisors and students 2 Interview this sample to obtain detailed role descriptions 3 Compile items from the interviews into a large checklist 4 Distribute the checklist to a large , representative sample 5 Analyse the completed checklists as required
1 [choose] a pilot sample of research supervisors and students 2 interview this sample to obtain detailed role descriptions 3 compile items from the interviews into a large checklist 4 distribute the checklist to a large , representative sample 5 analyse the completed checklists as required

Local authorities still have the power to subsidise socially necessary bus services which are not provided commercially , but they must select the operators of subsidised services by means of competitive tenders .
local authorities still have the power to subsidise socially necessary bus services which are not provided commercially , but they must [choose] the operators of subsidised services by means of competitive tenders .

There is some evidence that managements select those choices that best suit their ends .
there is some evidence that managements [choose] those choices that best suit their ends .

State-owned enterprises are believed to face pressures to select profit-reducing choices where , for example , price rises are politically sensitive .
state-owned enterprises are believed to face pressures to [choose] profit-reducing choices where , for example , price rises are politically sensitive .

Section 1 of the Education ( Scotland ) Act 1981 gives parents a right to select the school they wish their children to attend and imposes a duty on education authorities to comply with parental choice , unless one of a limited number of circumstances applies .
section 1 of the education ( scotland ) act 1981 gives parents a right to [choose] the school they wish their children to attend and imposes a duty on education authorities to comply with parental choice , unless one of a limited number of circumstances applies .

This will take place in five stages : — orientation interviews , to select the texts and to establish the communicative context ; — initial analysis of texts which will focus on linguistic features likely to indicate relations between disciplines ; — directed interviews with the participants which will allow them to comment on the details of the analysis ; — comparison of texts from different locations and situations to show if a pattern of features is merely peculiar to one writer or if it may have general social significance .
this will take place in five stages : — orientation interviews , to [choose] the texts and to establish the communicative context ; — initial analysis of texts which will focus on linguistic features likely to indicate relations between disciplines ; — directed interviews with the participants which will allow them to comment on the details of the analysis ; — comparison of texts from different locations and situations to show if a pattern of features is merely peculiar to one writer or if it may have general social significance .

These issues were discussed in some detail by the Select Committee on the Coal Industry .
these issues were discussed in some detail by the [choose] committee on the coal industry .

On these occasions ( as with the Select Committee ) evidence is presented to support quite different perspectives .
on these occasions ( as with the [choose] committee ) evidence is presented to support quite different perspectives .

Second , what are the values and practices of those working inside such organisations , and how do these affect what they select and how they handle it ?
second , what are the values and practices of those working inside such organisations , and how do these affect what they [choose] and how they handle it ?

select science contexts which require these reasoning patterns ;
[choose] science contexts which require these reasoning patterns ;

They will be here for tomorrow 's challenge game between Newry Select and the Irish international team , as part of the Newry club 's official opening of their new £400,000 synthetic pitch .
they will be here for tomorrow 's challenge game between newry [choose] and the irish international team , as part of the newry club 's official opening of their new £400,000 synthetic pitch .

However , there are number of players who because their mini-rugby team did n't make Finals Day , would have slipped through the net , and they are asked to contact officials with the prospect of playing in a special mini-rugby game between two ‘ select ’ teams .
however , there are number of players who because their mini-rugby team did n't make finals day , would have slipped through the net , and they are asked to contact officials with the prospect of playing in a special mini-rugby game between two ‘ [choose] ’ teams .

Ireland , just back from Holland where they sustained five defeats in as many matches , field a full strength side against the Newry select , with coach Cees Koppelaar still shuffling his hand in a bid to find an established side for the Inter-Continental Cup in August .
ireland , just back from holland where they sustained five defeats in as many matches , field a full strength side against the newry [choose] , with coach cees koppelaar still shuffling his hand in a bid to find an established side for the inter-continental cup in august .

the Newry select have Great Britain midfielder John Shaw on board along with Taco van den Honeret , classed as one of Europe 's most skilful players .
the newry [choose] have great britain midfielder john shaw on board along with taco van den honeret , classed as one of europe 's most skilful players .

‘ First the Law Lords allowed a breach of the Homicide Act so that Tony Bland died by involuntary euthanasia , then a Select Committee on euthanasia was set up in their Lordships ' House , only to be rechristened ‘ Medical Ethics ’ .
‘ first the law lords allowed a breach of the homicide act so that tony bland died by involuntary euthanasia , then a [choose] committee on euthanasia was set up in their lordships ' house , only to be rechristened ‘ medical ethics ’ .

Packed with information on how to select a route , the right clothes , and safety tips , it 's hoped it will be used by scores of groups and families across the province in the run up to World Walking Day on October 16 .
packed with information on how to [choose] a route , the right clothes , and safety tips , it 's hoped it will be used by scores of groups and families across the province in the run up to world walking day on october 16 .

Please make this clear to the coaches you select .
please make this clear to the coaches you [choose] .

However , as you may recall , the Regional Committees select the sports for the Regional Schools based on local needs and on the strengths of individual governing body applications .
however , as you may recall , the regional committees [choose] the sports for the regional schools based on local needs and on the strengths of individual governing body applications .

Yet others argue that demand is the key , as select implicit or explicit discrimination by party activists .
yet others argue that demand is the key , as [choose] implicit or explicit discrimination by party activists .

In a hard hitting report , published in July , the influential House of Commons Select Committee on Energy has called on the Government to implement without delay policies to reduce emissions of gases which cause the greenhouse effect .
in a hard hitting report , published in july , the influential house of commons [choose] committee on energy has called on the government to implement without delay policies to reduce emissions of gases which cause the greenhouse effect .

In 1987 , The Tsarevich , jointly owned by Edgar Bronfman , the Chairman of The Seagram Company and Ivan Straker , Chairman of Seagram Distillers ran into second place behind Maori Venture , owned by 92-year-old Jim Joel who thus becomes one of the select band who have owned both English Derby and Grand National winners .
in 1987 , the tsarevich , jointly owned by edgar bronfman , the chairman of the seagram company and ivan straker , chairman of seagram distillers ran into second place behind maori venture , owned by 92-year-old jim joel who thus becomes one of the [choose] band who have owned both english derby and grand national winners .

From opening menu , tab into the < Main > area , and select < Databases > .
from opening menu , tab into the < main > area , and [choose] < databases > .

Select < Paradox > and wait until it loads .
[choose] < paradox > and wait until it loads .

If , however , the primary purpose is to train scientists , then the criteria used to select candidates might in future be based on peer review of the departments , and a personal assessment of those candidates , rather than on the putative scientific value of the projects submitted for consideration .
if , however , the primary purpose is to train scientists , then the criteria used to [choose] candidates might in future be based on peer review of the departments , and a personal assessment of those candidates , rather than on the putative scientific value of the projects submitted for consideration .

We might expect the throne for some generations to be occupied by a more or less yellow king ; but can any one believe that the whole island will gradually acquire a white , or even a yellow population , or that the islanders would acquire the energy , courage , ingenuity , patience , self-control , endurance , in virtue of which qualities our hero killed so many of their ancestors , and begot so many children ; these qualities , in fact , which the struggle for existence would select , if it could select anything ?
we might expect the throne for some generations to be occupied by a more or less yellow king ; but can any one believe that the whole island will gradually acquire a white , or even a yellow population , or that the islanders would acquire the energy , courage , ingenuity , patience , self-control , endurance , in virtue of which qualities our hero killed so many of their ancestors , and begot so many children ; these qualities , in fact , which the struggle for existence would [choose] , if it could [choose] anything ?

This database , however large or small , can then be used to select very quickly certain employees who match up against a particular job profile .
this database , however large or small , can then be used to [choose] very quickly certain employees who match up against a particular job profile .

Secondly , it makes it feasible to select a software package which suits your requirements and to buy the hardware to run it on .
secondly , it makes it feasible to [choose] a software package which suits your requirements and to buy the hardware to run it on .

Arithmetic functions were used to add , subtract , divide , multiply , find standard deviations , mean squares , variance and select the highest and lowest values .
arithmetic functions were used to add , subtract , divide , multiply , find standard deviations , mean squares , variance and [choose] the highest and lowest values .

‘ We welcome the Select Committee 's Report .
‘ we welcome the [choose] committee 's report .

We have made it clear that we regard this scheme as flawed since it fails to provide to those who are legally aided that to which the Act entitled them , namely that solicitors they select will be properly remunerated .
we have made it clear that we regard this scheme as flawed since it fails to provide to those who are legally aided that to which the act entitled them , namely that solicitors they [choose] will be properly remunerated .

‘ The Lord Chancellor 's performance before the Home Affairs Select Committee was depressing .
‘ the lord chancellor 's performance before the home affairs [choose] committee was depressing .

So you click on this box far left of the title bar , select Edit from the drop down menu and then choose Mark .
so you click on this box far left of the title bar , [choose] edit from the drop down menu and then choose mark .

Within WordPerfect there is the ability to select either a WordPerfect or Windows printer driver .
within wordperfect there is the ability to [choose] either a wordperfect or windows printer driver .

Next run Windows , access the Printers Icon from the Control Panel Group , select ‘ Add ’ a printer and then select the ‘ unlisted ’ option .
next run windows , access the printers icon from the control panel group , [choose] ‘ add ’ a printer and then [choose] the ‘ unlisted ’ option .

There is now a FastFormat icon which works like a ‘ paintbrush for text ’ and gives a quick way of applying a text attributes from selected text already in your document to any other area you then select .
there is now a fastformat icon which works like a ‘ paintbrush for text ’ and gives a quick way of applying a text attributes from selected text already in your document to any other area you then [choose] .

For example , if you have inserted a frame into your document when you select it and right click on the mouse you access the Modify Frame Layout dialog box .
for example , if you have inserted a frame into your document when you [choose] it and right click on the mouse you access the modify frame layout dialog box .

Its chart gallery offers a good range of options and you can easily customise your chart in other ways- such as by adding a legend or by select an alternative colour palette .
its chart gallery offers a good range of options and you can easily customise your chart in other ways- such as by adding a legend or by [choose] an alternative colour palette .

This is achieved within a complete ‘ campaign ’ and you select the mission type you wish to fly — choose ground support and you then select the plane you wish to fly and once armed and fuelled you will be given your mission .
this is achieved within a complete ‘ campaign ’ and you [choose] the mission type you wish to fly — choose ground support and you then [choose] the plane you wish to fly and once armed and fuelled you will be given your mission .

Birds of Prey does allow you to limit the choice of airplanes to make them more appropriate to the mission type , but it is only too easy to select totally the wrong plane and/or payload for the task in hand .
birds of prey does allow you to limit the choice of airplanes to make them more appropriate to the mission type , but it is only too easy to [choose] totally the wrong plane and/or payload for the task in hand .

Once the task manager is visible all you can select Tile or Cascade to instantly tidy up the all of the application windows currently open .
once the task manager is visible all you can [choose] tile or cascade to instantly tidy up the all of the application windows currently open .

Music Maestro is the real Jewel in the Crown , in which the user can select their own band , pick the musicians and instruments , and then compose their own songs !
music maestro is the real jewel in the crown , in which the user can [choose] their own band , pick the musicians and instruments , and then compose their own songs !

You can select Holmes destination by clicking on the target and Holmes will hastily travel there by cab ( the horse drawn type , of course ! )
you can [choose] holmes destination by clicking on the target and holmes will hastily travel there by cab ( the horse drawn type , of course ! )

To create a new program group , select ‘ new ’ from the file menu .
to create a new program group , [choose] ‘ new ’ from the file menu .

When you select one of the graphics chart templates , the data form that appears resembles a spreadsheet .
when you [choose] one of the graphics chart templates , the data form that appears resembles a spreadsheet .

The arrow icon is for the select tool for choosing the objects you want to work on and the other seven tools in this top group are drawing tools for adding text , polygons , rectangles , lines , ellipses and freehand drawings to a slide .
the arrow icon is for the [choose] tool for choosing the objects you want to work on and the other seven tools in this top group are drawing tools for adding text , polygons , rectangles , lines , ellipses and freehand drawings to a slide .

For example , if you draw two objects you can select Suggest Alignment and if any dimensions are similar making them identical will be suggested .
for example , if you draw two objects you can [choose] suggest alignment and if any dimensions are similar making them identical will be suggested .

Moon Valley Software are already well-known for their Icon-Do-It application that lets Windows users select their own choice of Icon for any particular application .
moon valley software are already well-known for their icon-do-it application that lets windows users [choose] their own choice of icon for any particular application .

From this screen it is also possible to select which instruments are printed on the score , displayed on the screen and those required as separate printed parts .
from this screen it is also possible to [choose] which instruments are printed on the score , displayed on the screen and those required as separate printed parts .

Each help screen has an index from which you may select a topic .
each help screen has an index from which you may [choose] a topic .

and then click on the world map to select the correct city .
and then click on the world map to [choose] the correct city .

It 's a minor point , but as you select a tool , its icon animates , which is quite attractive if not strictly necessary .
it 's a minor point , but as you [choose] a tool , its icon animates , which is quite attractive if not strictly necessary .

You simply select a template , from the extensive gallery , sort out the text you want on each slide in the outliner , and let the software get on with it .
you simply [choose] a template , from the extensive gallery , sort out the text you want on each slide in the outliner , and let the software get on with it .

Once you have the sub-menu dropped down you can select from it using the cursor keys to move the highlight bar or by just typing the first letter of the option 's name .
once you have the sub-menu dropped down you can [choose] from it using the cursor keys to move the highlight bar or by just typing the first letter of the option 's name .

Select the graphs and text charts you want to include in the screen show by dragging their icon over the screenshow icon — simple as that .
[choose] the graphs and text charts you want to include in the screen show by dragging their icon over the screenshow icon — simple as that .

These text handling capabilities are adequate for most uses , but the font list is rather limited and the font window does n't show you what the font looks like before you select it .
these text handling capabilities are adequate for most uses , but the font list is rather limited and the font window does n't show you what the font looks like before you [choose] it .

To design a room you first select a scale and draw the outline of the walls from the top view .
to design a room you first [choose] a scale and draw the outline of the walls from the top view .

You can select your club , direction and strength of swing and away you go , watching out for the trees and bunkers of course .
you can [choose] your club , direction and strength of swing and away you go , watching out for the trees and bunkers of course .

This prompts you for the input range and you type this in or select it by pointing .
this prompts you for the input range and you type this in or [choose] it by pointing .

The power of a spreadsheet database is in the ability to select just those records you want .
the power of a spreadsheet database is in the ability to [choose] just those records you want .

In a list box , for instance , it 's normal for a click to select an item , and a double click to select it and open it for whatever process you 're at .
in a list box , for instance , it 's normal for a click to [choose] an item , and a double click to [choose] it and open it for whatever process you 're at .

Uses can also use the catalogue program to select their put together their own disks for £8.95 per compressed megabyte .
uses can also use the catalogue program to [choose] their put together their own disks for £8.95 per compressed megabyte .

You can select this to automatically arrange the icons within your new box , Windows will arrange the icons to fit any shape of box .
you can [choose] this to automatically arrange the icons within your new box , windows will arrange the icons to fit any shape of box .

Clicking this brings up another dialog box , where you can set which directories should be chosen , and specify the details that should select the file or files .
clicking this brings up another dialog box , where you can set which directories should be chosen , and specify the details that should [choose] the file or files .

If it worries you that you have to type or select options from menus in the File Manager , then BeckerTools will overcome most of these problems .
if it worries you that you have to type or [choose] options from menus in the file manager , then beckertools will overcome most of these problems .

But one of the most pleasant of functions is that you can select a sentence by triple clicking on a word within it .
but one of the most pleasant of functions is that you can [choose] a sentence by triple clicking on a word within it .

That 's just what happened to Lincoln Turbine Service , when at the eleventh hour Energy Minister Tim Eggar had to cancel his trip to Aberdeen in order to be in London for the publication of the Trade & Industry Select Committee 's Energy Report .
that 's just what happened to lincoln turbine service , when at the eleventh hour energy minister tim eggar had to cancel his trip to aberdeen in order to be in london for the publication of the trade & industry [choose] committee 's energy report .

Before unveiling the official plaque , Ian Wood made specific comment on the Trade & Industry Select Committee 's report that had prevented Tim Eggar attending the opening , since it would significantly affect all the industries gathered there on the day .
before unveiling the official plaque , ian wood made specific comment on the trade & industry [choose] committee 's report that had prevented tim eggar attending the opening , since it would significantly affect all the industries gathered there on the day .

‘ You should select a squad with the needs of a particular tour in mind .
‘ you should [choose] a squad with the needs of a particular tour in mind .

‘ They should select a side for the Tests and then pick for one-day games , ’ Doshi said .
‘ they should [choose] a side for the tests and then pick for one-day games , ’ doshi said .

We want you to select your top performers in all the mainstream sports — with the exception of soccer .
we want you to [choose] your top performers in all the mainstream sports — with the exception of soccer .

For a few minutes she explained the system on which the cards were arranged , then let him try to select some for a bibliography she was compiling on nutrition in underdeveloped countries .
for a few minutes she explained the system on which the cards were arranged , then let him try to [choose] some for a bibliography she was compiling on nutrition in underdeveloped countries .

• Be in line with the recommendations of economists , leading health organisations , and the House of Commons Select Committee on Agriculture
• be in line with the recommendations of economists , leading health organisations , and the house of commons [choose] committee on agriculture

When a patient needs a transplant all possible donors will be asked to supply a further blood sample to select the donor who matches the best .
when a patient needs a transplant all possible donors will be asked to supply a further blood sample to [choose] the donor who matches the best .

It uses the latest analytical , process and biotechnology techniques and facilities to help users and suppliers of membrane services select , integrate and optimise their separation/purification/concentration techniques .
it uses the latest analytical , process and biotechnology techniques and facilities to help users and suppliers of membrane services [choose] , integrate and optimise their separation/purification/concentration techniques .

‘ Provided you select the right consultants , they can bring knowledge , experience and temporary additional resources to your company , ’ he said .
‘ provided you [choose] the right consultants , they can bring knowledge , experience and temporary additional resources to your company , ’ he said .

the basic idea of which is a provision whereby any item may be caused at will to select immediately and automatically another .
the basic idea of which is a provision whereby any item may be caused at will to [choose] immediately and automatically another .

In general , one can select a dissipation factor or loss tangent derived from the ratio or to represent the energy conversion per cycle .
in general , one can [choose] a dissipation factor or loss tangent derived from the ratio or to represent the energy conversion per cycle .

The map user can select features of interest from the digital map and display them in a way that is suited to his or her requirements .
the map user can [choose] features of interest from the digital map and display them in a way that is suited to his or her requirements .

If the cartographic and tabular data could be stored in computer-readable form , then the speed of the computer could be used to select areas with the required characteristics , derive composite maps , and perform other operations that would be impossibly time-consuming if carried out by hand .
if the cartographic and tabular data could be stored in computer-readable form , then the speed of the computer could be used to [choose] areas with the required characteristics , derive composite maps , and perform other operations that would be impossibly time-consuming if carried out by hand .

The first requirement is to have a large number of potential projects from which to select and then to select those which will produce the best returns on the resources available .
the first requirement is to have a large number of potential projects from which to [choose] and then to [choose] those which will produce the best returns on the resources available .

Select and utilise raw materials and packaging in such a way as to minimise waste , and ensure that waste materials are reprocessed or disposed of responsibly
[choose] and utilise raw materials and packaging in such a way as to minimise waste , and ensure that waste materials are reprocessed or disposed of responsibly

select as most appropriate for the ‘ new psychology ’ which they are constructing .
[choose] as most appropriate for the ‘ new psychology ’ which they are constructing .

Fig. 4.4 Result of select
fig. 4.4 result of [choose]

Fig. 4.5 Result of second select
fig. 4.5 result of second [choose]

The options are provided in the menu : the user has only to select the option required by pressing the appropriate key ( following the question mark ) .
the options are provided in the menu : the user has only to [choose] the option required by pressing the appropriate key ( following the question mark ) .

The special meeting of the General Committee to select a prospective candidate shall be convened by circular in terms prescribed by the National Executive Committee .
the special meeting of the general committee to [choose] a prospective candidate shall be convened by circular in terms prescribed by the national executive committee .

The National Executive Committee may , if it deems it necessary in the interests of the Labour Party , advise the Executive Committee of this party to select a nomination it may submit to it .
the national executive committee may , if it deems it necessary in the interests of the labour party , advise the executive committee of this party to [choose] a nomination it may submit to it .

The essence of a club is that it is select and private ; you can not be followed in there .
the essence of a club is that it is [choose] and private ; you can not be followed in there .

When you select a model , the literature which comes with it will tell you the exact size of opening and amount of ventilation space you need .
when you [choose] a model , the literature which comes with it will tell you the exact size of opening and amount of ventilation space you need .

Alternatively , just hang plants from hooks above the window , or stand small pots of plants along the windowsill , making sure that the ones you select are going to be happy with the kind of light , temperature and humidity you are providing .
alternatively , just hang plants from hooks above the window , or stand small pots of plants along the windowsill , making sure that the ones you [choose] are going to be happy with the kind of light , temperature and humidity you are providing .

Used to input a value to select an option , specify a parameter , terminate a pause etc .
used to input a value to [choose] an option , specify a parameter , terminate a pause etc .

The swords which had been clubbed or shortened into daggers for want of space to use them , now came into more orthodox play ; and the Welsh archers above on the hills were able to select their targets again without killing their own comrades , and worked with supercilious skill as long as there was light to slay by , and an Englishman still alive .
the swords which had been clubbed or shortened into daggers for want of space to use them , now came into more orthodox play ; and the welsh archers above on the hills were able to [choose] their targets again without killing their own comrades , and worked with supercilious skill as long as there was light to slay by , and an englishman still alive .

It is characteristic of theoretical linguists that they select example sentences that computational linguists would categorise as pathological .
it is characteristic of theoretical linguists that they [choose] example sentences that computational linguists would categorise as pathological .

In English many of the words may belong to more than one grammatical category and it is the function of a tagger to select the correct tags for the words .
in english many of the words may belong to more than one grammatical category and it is the function of a tagger to [choose] the correct tags for the words .

Information about syntax can be used to select words which form grammatically allowable strings ; or to reject strings which are grammatically unacceptable .
information about syntax can be used to [choose] words which form grammatically allowable strings ; or to reject strings which are grammatically unacceptable .

Hence it was decided to select an available parser and modify it to cope with the recognition task .
hence it was decided to [choose] an available parser and modify it to cope with the recognition task .

( Wells et al , 1990 ) Two options are available — one can select the character combinations based on transitional probabilities between characters or one can specify a vocabulary list and check the character combinations within that list .
( wells et al , 1990 ) two options are available — one can [choose] the character combinations based on transitional probabilities between characters or one can specify a vocabulary list and check the character combinations within that list .

( The main reasons for taking this approach is that for dynamic handwriting recognition it is necessary to select the correct information shortly after the word was written — it may not be possible to wait for the user to finish a sentence or clause . )
( the main reasons for taking this approach is that for dynamic handwriting recognition it is necessary to [choose] the correct information shortly after the word was written — it may not be possible to wait for the user to finish a sentence or clause . )

The result of this is that the syntactic analyser will not be able to select the correct part of speech for the compound .
the result of this is that the syntactic analyser will not be able to [choose] the correct part of speech for the compound .

From the previous experiment , given a text in which half of the correct words are absent , it is still possible for the syntax analyser to select the correct word ( if present ) in more than 82 % of the cases .
from the previous experiment , given a text in which half of the correct words are absent , it is still possible for the syntax analyser to [choose] the correct word ( if present ) in more than 82 % of the cases .

The use of both types of syntactic analysers has been attempted for helping to select the correct candidate words from the candidates suggested by text recognition systems in this thesis .
the use of both types of syntactic analysers has been attempted for helping to [choose] the correct candidate words from the candidates suggested by text recognition systems in this thesis .

But the sight of their debauchery stifled his own , and the knowledge that they were going to end the evening at Madam Rachel 's select brothel , just off the Haymarket , far from exciting him , disgusted him .
but the sight of their debauchery stifled his own , and the knowledge that they were going to end the evening at madam rachel 's [choose] brothel , just off the haymarket , far from exciting him , disgusted him .

The Select Committee on Employment recently produced a very good report on home workers , which revealed that many earn as little as 20p or 30p an hour for making up Christmas crackers .
the [choose] committee on employment recently produced a very good report on home workers , which revealed that many earn as little as 20p or 30p an hour for making up christmas crackers .

However , Mr. Lawson continued ’ The often repeated suggestion that sports bodies are free to select sponsors as and when they wish is nonsense .
however , mr. lawson continued ’ the often repeated suggestion that sports bodies are free to [choose] sponsors as and when they wish is nonsense .

We have had commitments from Home Secretaries and Ministers of State at the Dispatch Box , in Committee and in the Select Committee on Home Affairs , when they have promised to do various things , but they still have not done them .
we have had commitments from home secretaries and ministers of state at the dispatch box , in committee and in the [choose] committee on home affairs , when they have promised to do various things , but they still have not done them .

It is a matter of regret , indeed something of a disgrace , that the spending plans have been announced today in the House when there is still no Scottish Select Committee to scrutinise what the Scottish Office is doing .
it is a matter of regret , indeed something of a disgrace , that the spending plans have been announced today in the house when there is still no scottish [choose] committee to scrutinise what the scottish office is doing .

Lady suggested that a Scottish Select Committee could scrutinise the figures .
lady suggested that a scottish [choose] committee could scrutinise the figures .

It is my privilege to open the debate on the report of the Select Committee on Social Services into the financing of private residential and nursing home fees .
it is my privilege to open the debate on the report of the [choose] committee on social services into the financing of private residential and nursing home fees .

This is the first joint report to be submitted to the House by the Select Committees on Social Security and on Health .
this is the first joint report to be submitted to the house by the [choose] committees on social security and on health .

The Under-Secretary of State said in her discussions with the Select Committee that she did not have any examples of evictions , yet the Association of Metropolitan Authorities told us that 24 per cent .
the under-secretary of state said in her discussions with the [choose] committee that she did not have any examples of evictions , yet the association of metropolitan authorities told us that 24 per cent .

The problem with Select Committees is that they are sometimes compelled to take a narrow view , rather than the broader view that is reflected by the report .
the problem with [choose] committees is that they are sometimes compelled to take a narrow view , rather than the broader view that is reflected by the report .

The evidence to the Select Committee suggests that the private sector has not only expanded well in terms of growing numbers and additional services , but of maintaining its assets .
the evidence to the [choose] committee suggests that the private sector has not only expanded well in terms of growing numbers and additional services , but of maintaining its assets .

In the Select Committee , the hon .
in the [choose] committee , the hon .

It gives me great pleasure to commend to the House the fourth report by the Select Committee on Social Security .
it gives me great pleasure to commend to the house the fourth report by the [choose] committee on social security .

Friend the Secretary of State alluded to the problem when he was giving evidence to the Select Committee .
friend the secretary of state alluded to the problem when he was giving evidence to the [choose] committee .

With the leave of the House , it remains for me only to thank the Select Committee on Energy for allowing us to hear the Government 's reply .
with the leave of the house , it remains for me only to thank the [choose] committee on energy for allowing us to hear the government 's reply .

In considering this important subject , it would be churlish not to congratulate the Select Committee on Energy on the report that it has produced , which to some extent analyses the current position of the mining industry and its position in the future .
in considering this important subject , it would be churlish not to congratulate the [choose] committee on energy on the report that it has produced , which to some extent analyses the current position of the mining industry and its position in the future .

However , the Select Committee report is based on clean coal technology , on which we have taken a great deal of evidence from expert witnesses .
however , the [choose] committee report is based on clean coal technology , on which we have taken a great deal of evidence from expert witnesses .

The Minister has heard speeches from the chairman of the Energy Select Committee and all its members , including my hon .
the minister has heard speeches from the chairman of the energy [choose] committee and all its members , including my hon .

People without any political bias have given honest evidence and enabled the Select Committee to produce the report , which was a genuine effort to draw to the attention of the Government their folly in running down the coal industry to the extent that they are planning to do .
people without any political bias have given honest evidence and enabled the [choose] committee to produce the report , which was a genuine effort to draw to the attention of the government their folly in running down the coal industry to the extent that they are planning to do .

We are debating the issues in the report of the Select Committee on Energy .
we are debating the issues in the report of the [choose] committee on energy .

We have also had what is described by the Select Committee as the ’ sorry tale ’ of the Grimethorpe topping cycle .
we have also had what is described by the [choose] committee as the ’ sorry tale ’ of the grimethorpe topping cycle .

The report of the Select Committee is notable because it managed to clarify the Government 's position in relation to the generators commitment to retrofit flue-gas desulphurisation systems to coal-fired power stations .
the report of the [choose] committee is notable because it managed to clarify the government 's position in relation to the generators commitment to retrofit flue-gas desulphurisation systems to coal-fired power stations .

The Home Affairs Select Committee report , when the Committee looked at sick leave , for example , found that some progress could be made in improving on the sick absence record of police officers .
the home affairs [choose] committee report , when the committee looked at sick leave , for example , found that some progress could be made in improving on the sick absence record of police officers .

That is sometimes the case with the Select Committee on Defence as well .
that is sometimes the case with the [choose] committee on defence as well .

Gentleman raises have been the concern of several Select Committees .
gentleman raises have been the concern of several [choose] committees .

In 1988-89 , the second report of the Environment Select Committee was on toxic and hazardous waste .
in 1988-89 , the second report of the environment [choose] committee was on toxic and hazardous waste .

In addition to the general comments and proposals that the Environment Select Committee made about tightening up the approach to dealing with toxic and hazardous waste , it said that an environmental protection agency should be set up .
in addition to the general comments and proposals that the environment [choose] committee made about tightening up the approach to dealing with toxic and hazardous waste , it said that an environmental protection agency should be set up .

The Welsh Affairs Select Committee considered toxic waste disposal in Wales .
the welsh affairs [choose] committee considered toxic waste disposal in wales .

The Select Committee on Welsh Affairs came across a similar problem in Wales , where , in addition to the general land contamination report — most of the toxic waste has been disposed of to land — a study was also made of incineration .
the [choose] committee on welsh affairs came across a similar problem in wales , where , in addition to the general land contamination report — most of the toxic waste has been disposed of to land — a study was also made of incineration .

The Welsh Office responded positively to the Select Committee report , and an expert group is currently considering possible contamination dangers to which the public , the land , the cattle and livestock around that plant may be exposed .
the welsh office responded positively to the [choose] committee report , and an expert group is currently considering possible contamination dangers to which the public , the land , the cattle and livestock around that plant may be exposed .

My right hon. Friend referred to the Chancellor 's views but , when we asked him that question in the Select Committee , it became clear that he was not so much against it in principle as uncertain in his own mind what he should do .
my right hon. friend referred to the chancellor 's views but , when we asked him that question in the [choose] committee , it became clear that he was not so much against it in principle as uncertain in his own mind what he should do .

Order , will the right hon. Gentleman seek to have the report of the Select Committee on Energy on the privatisation of the electricity industry in Northern Ireland available to us before the debate takes place ?
order , will the right hon. gentleman seek to have the report of the [choose] committee on energy on the privatisation of the electricity industry in northern ireland available to us before the debate takes place ?

As the Select Committee pointed out , last year 's autumn statement was out of date by March .
as the [choose] committee pointed out , last year 's autumn statement was out of date by march .

The Select Committee on Energy has also examined the proposals in considerable depth , and the Government welcome its report .
the [choose] committee on energy has also examined the proposals in considerable depth , and the government welcome its report .

Although the Select Committee on Energy did indeed say that some of the advantages that would flow from the privatisation of the electricity industry in Northern Ireland were not entirely dependent on privatisation for their achievement , we accepted that privatisation would accelerate that achievement , and in that sense , we certainly welcome the privatisation .
although the [choose] committee on energy did indeed say that some of the advantages that would flow from the privatisation of the electricity industry in northern ireland were not entirely dependent on privatisation for their achievement , we accepted that privatisation would accelerate that achievement , and in that sense , we certainly welcome the privatisation .

It was , quite rightly , fiercely criticised by the Select Committee for the way in which it behaved in trying to get its proposals through the Committee and the House .
it was , quite rightly , fiercely criticised by the [choose] committee for the way in which it behaved in trying to get its proposals through the committee and the house .

It equally impressed those who served on the old Select Committee on Social Services .
it equally impressed those who served on the old [choose] committee on social services .

Paragraph 61 of the Select Committee report succinctly encapsulates all the arguments for the immediate move proposed by my hon. Friend .
paragraph 61 of the [choose] committee report succinctly encapsulates all the arguments for the immediate move proposed by my hon. friend .

Some concern has been expressed by the Select Committee on Home Affairs and others at the incompleteness and inaccuracy of the records because of the difficulties of updating the present manual system .
some concern has been expressed by the [choose] committee on home affairs and others at the incompleteness and inaccuracy of the records because of the difficulties of updating the present manual system .

That , in itself , is an argument for the establishment of a Select Committee on Scottish affairs , which could consider in more detail an education system that we all value highly .
that , in itself , is an argument for the establishment of a [choose] committee on scottish affairs , which could consider in more detail an education system that we all value highly .

The great weight of Scottish opinion finds it difficult to understand why , contrary to its Standing Orders , the House of Commons has been unable to establish a Select Committee to scrutinise Scottish affairs .
the great weight of scottish opinion finds it difficult to understand why , contrary to its standing orders , the house of commons has been unable to establish a [choose] committee to scrutinise scottish affairs .

When the Select Committee on Energy took evidence , many oil companies said that a huge amount is currently being expended on safety .
when the [choose] committee on energy took evidence , many oil companies said that a huge amount is currently being expended on safety .

None the less , all Select Committee members felt some frustration in trying to identify which procedures would allow offshore workers to apply for trade union recognition , and enforce the general wish for union recognition upon employers .
none the less , all [choose] committee members felt some frustration in trying to identify which procedures would allow offshore workers to apply for trade union recognition , and enforce the general wish for union recognition upon employers .

The Select Committee drew attention to the under-reporting of accidents in the oil industry .
the [choose] committee drew attention to the under-reporting of accidents in the oil industry .

It would be better to have the whole thing established as part of our Standing Orders , adopting one of the suggestions of the Select Committee on Procedure .
it would be better to have the whole thing established as part of our standing orders , adopting one of the suggestions of the [choose] committee on procedure .

The raft of policies that the Opposition are putting before the British people would be devastating to job prospects , and so ashamed are they of the consequences of their policies that four Labour members of the Select Committee on Employment last week voted down a proposal to hold an inquiry into the effects of national statutory minimum wage because they wanted to hide the truth about that policy from the British people .
the raft of policies that the opposition are putting before the british people would be devastating to job prospects , and so ashamed are they of the consequences of their policies that four labour members of the [choose] committee on employment last week voted down a proposal to hold an inquiry into the effects of national statutory minimum wage because they wanted to hide the truth about that policy from the british people .

If the hon. Gentleman is seriously concerned about unemployment — — he ought to have a word with his hon. Friends on the Select Committee who tried to cover up the consequences of his policy .
if the hon. gentleman is seriously concerned about unemployment — — he ought to have a word with his hon. friends on the [choose] committee who tried to cover up the consequences of his policy .

Gentleman 's casting vote as Chairman of the Select Committee on Employment which last week prevented that Committee from looking into the truth of these matters .
gentleman 's casting vote as chairman of the [choose] committee on employment which last week prevented that committee from looking into the truth of these matters .

To ask the Attorney-General if he will make a statement setting out the action which he has taken since the report of the Select Committee on Trade and Industry about the circumstances relating to its consideration of the House of Fraser issue .
to ask the attorney-general if he will make a statement setting out the action which he has taken since the report of the [choose] committee on trade and industry about the circumstances relating to its consideration of the house of fraser issue .

As the Select Committee has made serious allegations about interference in its important work , is not it worrying that it has taken quite so long to make any progress in dealing with its complaint ? Does my right hon. and learned Friend appreciate that many people are genuinely mystified by what appears to be the astonishing delays — in some cases of years — in dealing with issues of any sort relating to the activities of Mr. Fayed ?
as the [choose] committee has made serious allegations about interference in its important work , is not it worrying that it has taken quite so long to make any progress in dealing with its complaint ? does my right hon. and learned friend appreciate that many people are genuinely mystified by what appears to be the astonishing delays — in some cases of years — in dealing with issues of any sort relating to the activities of mr. fayed ?

Friend knows , this matter has been discussed quite recently within both the Government and the Home Affairs Select Committee .
friend knows , this matter has been discussed quite recently within both the government and the home affairs [choose] committee .

Can the right hon. Gentleman confirm that during the deliberations of the Select Committee on Broadcasting , Etc. — with all of whose arrangements we have been happy so far — parts of the Palace of Westminster were discovered that no one knew existed , including the area above Central Lobby ? Is it not high time that a proper review was carried out of exacty what space exists throughout the Palace , so that we can use it well for the benefit of our constituents and for other purposes ?
can the right hon. gentleman confirm that during the deliberations of the [choose] committee on broadcasting , etc. — with all of whose arrangements we have been happy so far — parts of the palace of westminster were discovered that no one knew existed , including the area above central lobby ? is it not high time that a proper review was carried out of exacty what space exists throughout the palace , so that we can use it well for the benefit of our constituents and for other purposes ?

My hon. Friend might like to put that point to the Select Committee on Catering .
my hon. friend might like to put that point to the [choose] committee on catering .

To ask the Lord President of the Council if he will set up a Select Committee to consider the investigations into the Lockerbie air disaster .
to ask the lord president of the council if he will set up a [choose] committee to consider the investigations into the lockerbie air disaster .

It is , of course , a matter for the Select Committee on Sittings of the House to make recommendations in the first place .
it is , of course , a matter for the [choose] committee on sittings of the house to make recommendations in the first place .

As making the parliamentary channel available in Members ' rooms would be tantamount to supplying a clean feed direct from the Chamber , it would be for the Select Committee on Broadcasting , Etc. in the first instance , to approve such a proposal .
as making the parliamentary channel available in members ' rooms would be tantamount to supplying a clean feed direct from the chamber , it would be for the [choose] committee on broadcasting , etc. in the first instance , to approve such a proposal .

The Secretary of State will undoubtedly be aware that Mr. Malcolm Edwards told the Select Committee on Energy last week that the cost of gas for generation of electricity would be about 2.7p per kilowatt hour compared with 2.2p for coal .
the secretary of state will undoubtedly be aware that mr. malcolm edwards told the [choose] committee on energy last week that the cost of gas for generation of electricity would be about 2.7p per kilowatt hour compared with 2.2p for coal .

Will the Secretary of State acknowledge that , given that after five years his Government have completely failed to establish a Select Committee on Scottish Affairs , he has no credibility in the constitutional debate in Scotland because he has no proposals to make ? Is not that aggravated by the fact that the Prime Minister does not know what he believes about the future of Scotland ? The consequence is that the only way to secure reform is to secure the defeat of every Conservative candidate in Scotland at the general election .
will the secretary of state acknowledge that , given that after five years his government have completely failed to establish a [choose] committee on scottish affairs , he has no credibility in the constitutional debate in scotland because he has no proposals to make ? is not that aggravated by the fact that the prime minister does not know what he believes about the future of scotland ? the consequence is that the only way to secure reform is to secure the defeat of every conservative candidate in scotland at the general election .

He did not mention , however , that his answer on the same occasion made it absolutely clear that the proposed regimental cuts would proceed irrespective of the findings of the Defence Select Committee report .
he did not mention , however , that his answer on the same occasion made it absolutely clear that the proposed regimental cuts would proceed irrespective of the findings of the defence [choose] committee report .

Is not that a discourtesy to the Select Committee , which is made up mainly of Conservative Back Benchers ?
is not that a discourtesy to the [choose] committee , which is made up mainly of conservative back benchers ?

The issue of people not being able to leave the forces until they are 21 was raised by the Select Committee that examined the Armed Forces Bill , now the Armed Forces Act 1991 .
the issue of people not being able to leave the forces until they are 21 was raised by the [choose] committee that examined the armed forces bill , now the armed forces act 1991 .

On Thursday , some of the Secretary of State 's officials will give evidence about Trident to the Select Committee on Defence . Can the right hon. Gentleman confirm that on 6 March 1991 , in answer to question 40 , Rear Admiral Pirnie said that Britain could maintain a continuous patrol with three Trident submarines , and that with one submarine in refit we could still maintain a continuous patrol with only two submarines ? Is that still the opinion of the right hon. Gentleman 's advisers ?
on thursday , some of the secretary of state 's officials will give evidence about trident to the [choose] committee on defence . can the right hon. gentleman confirm that on 6 march 1991 , in answer to question 40 , rear admiral pirnie said that britain could maintain a continuous patrol with three trident submarines , and that with one submarine in refit we could still maintain a continuous patrol with only two submarines ? is that still the opinion of the right hon. gentleman 's advisers ?

Select Committee Reports
[choose] committee reports

To ask the Lord President of the Council how many reports have been produced by House of Commons Select Committees during the current Session ; and if he will make a statement .
to ask the lord president of the council how many reports have been produced by house of commons [choose] committees during the current session ; and if he will make a statement .

Will he take particular note of the excellent report on reading by the Select Committee on Education , Science and Arts which established that reading standards have certainly not fallen and that teachers of reading should be congratulated on the excellent job that they do ?
will he take particular note of the excellent report on reading by the [choose] committee on education , science and arts which established that reading standards have certainly not fallen and that teachers of reading should be congratulated on the excellent job that they do ?

The reports are debated in the House and we follow the practice of the Select Committee on Procedure which recommended three days for such reports .
the reports are debated in the house and we follow the practice of the [choose] committee on procedure which recommended three days for such reports .

He provided time rapidly for the Select Committee on Sittings of the House which concerned curtailing hon .
he provided time rapidly for the [choose] committee on sittings of the house which concerned curtailing hon .

Yet for more than three months he has had in his hands the report by the Select Committee on Members ' Interests which recommends changes in the registration of commercial lobbying interests .
yet for more than three months he has had in his hands the report by the [choose] committee on members ' interests which recommends changes in the registration of commercial lobbying interests .

and learned Gentleman , who is an authority on this subject and a distinguished member of the Select Committee on Employment , must ask himself in all seriousness about the consequences for the supply of job opportunities of Labour 's policies on the minimum wage and increased social charges .
and learned gentleman , who is an authority on this subject and a distinguished member of the [choose] committee on employment , must ask himself in all seriousness about the consequences for the supply of job opportunities of labour 's policies on the minimum wage and increased social charges .

Has my right hon. Friend had time to study the important report on occupational pensions by the Select Committee on Social Services ? Does he agree that it contains a great many lessons for many people , particularly on the Maxwell scandal ? Will he give the House an undertaking that , when the report calls for action from the Government , we can rely on my right hon. Friend to take action without delay ?
has my right hon. friend had time to study the important report on occupational pensions by the [choose] committee on social services ? does he agree that it contains a great many lessons for many people , particularly on the maxwell scandal ? will he give the house an undertaking that , when the report calls for action from the government , we can rely on my right hon. friend to take action without delay ?

Our forward planning is designed to enable us to take stock precisely as the Select Committee advocated .
our forward planning is designed to enable us to take stock precisely as the [choose] committee advocated .

Is the Minister satisfied with his Department 's record on regulating financial businesses after Blue Arrow , Guinness , Maxwell and this morning 's extremely critical report from the Treasury and Civil Service Select Committee on the Bank of Credit and Commerce International ? Does he not recognise that his Department has failed , because the electorate will on9 April ?
is the minister satisfied with his department 's record on regulating financial businesses after blue arrow , guinness , maxwell and this morning 's extremely critical report from the treasury and civil service [choose] committee on the bank of credit and commerce international ? does he not recognise that his department has failed , because the electorate will on9 april ?

Does the hon. Gentleman agree that there should be a Select Committee of this House devoted to the affairs of Northern Ireland ?
does the hon. gentleman agree that there should be a [choose] committee of this house devoted to the affairs of northern ireland ?

The Government still have not come clean about the information revealed in a Select Committee appendix .
the government still have not come clean about the information revealed in a [choose] committee appendix .

Does the Chancellor of the Exchequer recall that , in its report on the Budget , the Treasury and Civil Service Select Committee stressed that it was important that the so-called automatic stabilisers should be allowed to operate fully and that there was a case for supplementing them with discretionary increases in public expenditure ? Can my right hon. Friend confirm that what he has said this afternoon is in line with that ? Is it not important , however , to stress , particularly for the benefit of the foreign exchange markets , that some increase in the public sector borrowing requirement at this stage in the cycle is entirely appropriate and in no way reflects any weakening of his determination to win the battle against inflation ?
does the chancellor of the exchequer recall that , in its report on the budget , the treasury and civil service [choose] committee stressed that it was important that the so-called automatic stabilisers should be allowed to operate fully and that there was a case for supplementing them with discretionary increases in public expenditure ? can my right hon. friend confirm that what he has said this afternoon is in line with that ? is it not important , however , to stress , particularly for the benefit of the foreign exchange markets , that some increase in the public sector borrowing requirement at this stage in the cycle is entirely appropriate and in no way reflects any weakening of his determination to win the battle against inflation ?

He told the Treasury and Civil Service Select Committee that the recession would be ’ shallow and short-lived ’ .
he told the treasury and civil service [choose] committee that the recession would be ’ shallow and short-lived ’ .

The Select Committee on the Hours of Sitting , chaired by my right hon .
the [choose] committee on the hours of sitting , chaired by my right hon .

Following a decision of the House in 1986 , whenever a Select Committee makes a special report to the effect that its work has been substantially interfered with as a result of premature disclosure of its proceedings , that report automatically stands referred , as the hon .
following a decision of the house in 1986 , whenever a [choose] committee makes a special report to the effect that its work has been substantially interfered with as a result of premature disclosure of its proceedings , that report automatically stands referred , as the hon .

The special report from the Select Committee on Health is now therefore in the hands of the Privileges Committee , and it can not be discussed .
the special report from the [choose] committee on health is now therefore in the hands of the privileges committee , and it can not be discussed .

On Thursday , a correct point of order was raised with Mr. Deputy Speaker about what one should do with matters arising from the first report of the Select Committee on Health .
on thursday , a correct point of order was raised with mr. deputy speaker about what one should do with matters arising from the first report of the [choose] committee on health .

It was ruled clearly that as this was being automatically sent to the Select Committee on Privileges , it could not be discussed on the Floor of the House .
it was ruled clearly that as this was being automatically sent to the [choose] committee on privileges , it could not be discussed on the floor of the house .

Is it for you , or is it a matter for the Select Committee on Privileges ? There was a conspiracy among Labour Members to put on the record points that do not arise from the report .
is it for you , or is it a matter for the [choose] committee on privileges ? there was a conspiracy among labour members to put on the record points that do not arise from the report .

The Government have done this despite repeated warnings from the Energy Select Committee and from elsewhere that such moves should take place only after full consultation and agreement with the unions .
the government have done this despite repeated warnings from the energy [choose] committee and from elsewhere that such moves should take place only after full consultation and agreement with the unions .

As the Secretary of State knows , the Select Committee on Employment has received letters from 69 TECs , and those letters have been placed in the Library .
as the secretary of state knows , the [choose] committee on employment has received letters from 69 tecs , and those letters have been placed in the library .

Has my right hon. Friend had a chance to look at the Order Paper recently ? Has he noticed that several right hon. and hon. Members on both sides of the House have tabled a motion about the establishment of a Select Committee on Northern Ireland affairs ? Has my right hon. Friend been able to consider that point yet ?
has my right hon. friend had a chance to look at the order paper recently ? has he noticed that several right hon. and hon. members on both sides of the house have tabled a motion about the establishment of a [choose] committee on northern ireland affairs ? has my right hon. friend been able to consider that point yet ?

That is a completely wrong description of a matter which the Select Committee on Privileges is now discussing — which is why it would not be appropriate for me to say anything further .
that is a completely wrong description of a matter which the [choose] committee on privileges is now discussing — which is why it would not be appropriate for me to say anything further .

It was certainly answered by me to the Select Committee , as the right hon .
it was certainly answered by me to the [choose] committee , as the right hon .

As reports from the Select Committee on Defence have made clear over the past few years , defence cuts are proceeding at such a pace that , if a future Labour Government continued in the same way , we would be left with Securicor and Group 4 to defend our shores and a steamship company to provide us with a substitute for the Royal Navy .
as reports from the [choose] committee on defence have made clear over the past few years , defence cuts are proceeding at such a pace that , if a future labour government continued in the same way , we would be left with securicor and group 4 to defend our shores and a steamship company to provide us with a substitute for the royal navy .

It had undergone detailed and lengthy examination by a Select Committee of this House .
it had undergone detailed and lengthy examination by a [choose] committee of this house .

It was debated no fewer than five times on the Floor of the House and was given long and detailed scrutiny by a Select Committee over 26 days .
it was debated no fewer than five times on the floor of the house and was given long and detailed scrutiny by a [choose] committee over 26 days .

That is consistent with the provisions of the former private Bill and with the views of the Select Committee , which recommended that the water level should not go below 4 m .
that is consistent with the provisions of the former private bill and with the views of the [choose] committee , which recommended that the water level should not go below 4 m .

The Select Committee that examined the Bill took a very close interest in and sought several undertakings about groundwater .
the [choose] committee that examined the bill took a very close interest in and sought several undertakings about groundwater .

Indeed , the Government tried to rush a Bill through in July of this year , but the Select Committee on Procedure said no .
indeed , the government tried to rush a bill through in july of this year , but the [choose] committee on procedure said no .

We do not even know whether the Stoner report will be available to the Select Committee when it begins to sit .
we do not even know whether the stoner report will be available to the [choose] committee when it begins to sit .

There are also the geologists and civil engineers who gave evidence for Cardiff residents against the barrage during the Select Committee stage of the proceedings on the private Bill in February , April and May of last year .
there are also the geologists and civil engineers who gave evidence for cardiff residents against the barrage during the [choose] committee stage of the proceedings on the private bill in february , april and may of last year .

Ordered , That the Bill be committed to a Select Committee of seven Members , four to be nominated by the House and three by the Committee of Selection .
ordered , that the bill be committed to a [choose] committee of seven members , four to be nominated by the house and three by the committee of selection .

That there shall stand referred to the Select Committee
that there shall stand referred to the [choose] committee

b ) any Petition which has been presented by being deposited in the Private Bill Office and in which the Petitioners complain of any amendment as proposed in the filled-up Bill or of any matter which has arisen during the progress of the Bill before the Select Committee , being a Petition in which the Petitioners pray to be heard by themselves , their Counsel or Agents .
b ) any petition which has been presented by being deposited in the private bill office and in which the petitioners complain of any amendment as proposed in the filled-up bill or of any matter which has arisen during the progress of the bill before the [choose] committee , being a petition in which the petitioners pray to be heard by themselves , their counsel or agents .

That if no such Petition as is mentioned in sub-paragraph ( a ) above is presented , or if all such Petitions are withdrawn before the meeting of the Select Committee , the order for the committal of the Bill to a Select Committee shall be discharged and the Bill shall be committed to a Standing Committee .
that if no such petition as is mentioned in sub-paragraph ( a ) above is presented , or if all such petitions are withdrawn before the meeting of the [choose] committee , the order for the committal of the bill to a [choose] committee shall be discharged and the bill shall be committed to a standing committee .

That any Petitioner whose Petition stands referred to the Select Committee shall , subject to the Rules and Orders of the House and to the Prayer of his Petition , be entitled to be heard by himself , his Counsel or Agents upon his Petition provided that it is prepared and signed in conformity with the Rules and Orders of the House , and the Member in charge of the Bill shall be entitled to be heard by his Counsel or Agents in favour of the Bill against that Petition .
that any petitioner whose petition stands referred to the [choose] committee shall , subject to the rules and orders of the house and to the prayer of his petition , be entitled to be heard by himself , his counsel or agents upon his petition provided that it is prepared and signed in conformity with the rules and orders of the house , and the member in charge of the bill shall be entitled to be heard by his counsel or agents in favour of the bill against that petition .

That the Select Committee have power to sit notwithstanding any adjournment of the House , to adjourn from place to place within the United Kingdom and to report from day to day the Minutes of Evidence taken before it .
that the [choose] committee have power to sit notwithstanding any adjournment of the house , to adjourn from place to place within the united kingdom and to report from day to day the minutes of evidence taken before it .

That three be the Quorum of the Select Committee .
that three be the quorum of the [choose] committee .

The Select Committee , under the expert chairmanship of my hon .
the [choose] committee , under the expert chairmanship of my hon .

As his Latin epitaph on the title page announced , Jonson Workes were for the select few , not only serious readers but also affluent and socially well-positioned readers .
as his latin epitaph on the title page announced , jonson workes were for the [choose] few , not only serious readers but also affluent and socially well-positioned readers .

Ben Jonson actually takes delight in announcing ( in Latin ) on the title page of his 1616 Workes that the book is designed for the select few and not the common crowd .
ben jonson actually takes delight in announcing ( in latin ) on the title page of his 1616 workes that the book is designed for the [choose] few and not the common crowd .

They can select a time before or after the passing of property .
they can [choose] a time before or after the passing of property .

It is a sale by description even though it is the customer who decides which particular goods to select from the display , section 13 ( 3 ) .
it is a sale by description even though it is the customer who decides which particular goods to [choose] from the display , section 13 ( 3 ) .

The programme will select tools to be used in two main curriculum areas : Technology and the Humanities .
the programme will [choose] tools to be used in two main curriculum areas : technology and the humanities .

You select which device you want , put it on the end of the drain rods and push them down the drain or the rodding point .
you [choose] which device you want , put it on the end of the drain rods and push them down the drain or the rodding point .

It is possible and convenient to select a perspective on the scope , associations and labels for subjects which coincides with the way in which those subjects are handled in the literature .
it is possible and convenient to [choose] a perspective on the scope , associations and labels for subjects which coincides with the way in which those subjects are handled in the literature .

Even when drastic revision is seen to be necessary and accepted , the point in time at which to conduct this extensive review can be difficult to select .
even when drastic revision is seen to be necessary and accepted , the point in time at which to conduct this extensive review can be difficult to [choose] .

This facility is enhanced if it is possible to select specific related , narrower and broader terms from this display and perform a search upon them .
this facility is enhanced if it is possible to [choose] specific related , narrower and broader terms from this display and perform a search upon them .

Having decided on the incidence assumptions , the procedure adopted is to select an indicator of the effective tax liability or benefit , which is then used to allocate taxes and expenditure .
having decided on the incidence assumptions , the procedure adopted is to [choose] an indicator of the effective tax liability or benefit , which is then used to allocate taxes and expenditure .

This point could not have been made more clearly in July of 1990 by the then Chancellor of the Exchequer , John Major , when in evidence to the Treasury Select Committee of the House of Commons he said :
this point could not have been made more clearly in july of 1990 by the then chancellor of the exchequer , john major , when in evidence to the treasury [choose] committee of the house of commons he said :

The Chairman of the Select Committee on Foreign Affairs is the former Cabinet Minister the Right Honourable David Howell ( Member for Guildford ) .
the chairman of the [choose] committee on foreign affairs is the former cabinet minister the right honourable david howell ( member for guildford ) .

When the Foreign Affairs Select Committee went around Europe asking how the Act was likely to work , we were told that subsidiarity applied .
when the foreign affairs [choose] committee went around europe asking how the act was likely to work , we were told that subsidiarity applied .

If they are not , then governments may well select a value for γ 2 which makes the performance of the economy worse rather than better .
if they are not , then governments may well [choose] a value for γ 2 which makes the performance of the economy worse rather than better .

It all looked very disorganised but Corbett knew that Couville could select any document he wanted in an instant .
it all looked very disorganised but corbett knew that couville could [choose] any document he wanted in an instant .

This incentive to screen will not operate effectively if the strategy sets of agents are very limited ; different types will select the same actions if constrained in their choice .
this incentive to screen will not operate effectively if the strategy sets of agents are very limited ; different types will [choose] the same actions if constrained in their choice .

We made no attempt to select particular kinds of subjects , since our main aim was to see how different kinds of subjects would carry out this decision problem , though we appreciate that in a market setting some of the less efficient decision-makers might be weeded out by the market process .
we made no attempt to [choose] particular kinds of subjects , since our main aim was to see how different kinds of subjects would carry out this decision problem , though we appreciate that in a market setting some of the less efficient decision-makers might be weeded out by the market process .

Insisting that there was no simple way in which reading and the use of English could be improved , and that improvement required ‘ a thorough understanding of the many complexities , and … action on a broad front ’ , the committee offered 333 conclusions and recommendations ; only with reluctance was it prepared to select 17 of these as its principal findings .
insisting that there was no simple way in which reading and the use of english could be improved , and that improvement required ‘ a thorough understanding of the many complexities , and … action on a broad front ’ , the committee offered 333 conclusions and recommendations ; only with reluctance was it prepared to [choose] 17 of these as its principal findings .

In some instances , it may be impossible for the teacher to select appropriate learning activities for a particular pupil without collecting more detailed information .
in some instances , it may be impossible for the teacher to [choose] appropriate learning activities for a particular pupil without collecting more detailed information .

Several years before the thought came to His Majesty 's omniscient mind that he should select some pleasant sight on the banks of the River Jumna … where he might found a splendid and delightful edifice .
several years before the thought came to his majesty 's omniscient mind that he should [choose] some pleasant sight on the banks of the river jumna … where he might found a splendid and delightful edifice .

Say a well-preserved sixty-four , highly sophisticated , speaking at least three languages , enough to get him out of trouble in most countries , and with a select if scattered network of friends and colleagues all across the Middle East , to lend him a hand if required .
say a well-preserved sixty-four , highly sophisticated , speaking at least three languages , enough to get him out of trouble in most countries , and with a [choose] if scattered network of friends and colleagues all across the middle east , to lend him a hand if required .

What has become known as ‘ teenfic ’ is now big business and regular mailings of selected titles , with plot summaries would greatly help busy teachers to select books for future use .
what has become known as ‘ teenfic ’ is now big business and regular mailings of selected titles , with plot summaries would greatly help busy teachers to [choose] books for future use .

Such a system could incorporate images to be construed ; hold relevant information to be drawn upon as required ; include a capacity to enlarge or select from the image under consideration ; provide cues aimed at stimulating a search for undiscovered features or ideas and be partially interactive in a non-verbal mode by means of direct pointing with a light pen .
such a system could incorporate images to be construed ; hold relevant information to be drawn upon as required ; include a capacity to enlarge or [choose] from the image under consideration ; provide cues aimed at stimulating a search for undiscovered features or ideas and be partially interactive in a non-verbal mode by means of direct pointing with a light pen .

‘ Most came out of , ’ she paused to select her word , ‘ nasty curiosity .
‘ most came out of , ’ she paused to [choose] her word , ‘ nasty curiosity .

Tomorrow was Bank Holiday Monday , the highlight of the holiday for all but the most upper and select of classes , and this weekend was a kind of holiday rehearsal for it , albeit muted in respect for the Sabbath .
tomorrow was bank holiday monday , the highlight of the holiday for all but the most upper and [choose] of classes , and this weekend was a kind of holiday rehearsal for it , albeit muted in respect for the sabbath .

Still , the Carolingian Renaissance in the mid-ninth century touched far more than just a select clerical few .
still , the carolingian renaissance in the mid-ninth century touched far more than just a [choose] clerical few .

At Level One students will work as individuals or in small groups to select and investigate a Contemporary Issue .
at level one students will work as individuals or in small groups to [choose] and investigate a contemporary issue .

Whichever method you select you must be able to justify it to the company in order to recover your expenses .
whichever method you [choose] you must be able to justify it to the company in order to recover your expenses .

Select each method of travel in turn .
[choose] each method of travel in turn .

Select each method of travel in turn .
[choose] each method of travel in turn .

Select each method of travel in turn .
[choose] each method of travel in turn .

The student may consider a number of strategies for the investigation and select those which are considered appropriate eg in investigating the phasing of traffic lights at a road junction , the student may consider using trial and improvement , graphical techniques , algebraic analysis , calculus etc as strategies .
the student may consider a number of strategies for the investigation and [choose] those which are considered appropriate eg in investigating the phasing of traffic lights at a road junction , the student may consider using trial and improvement , graphical techniques , algebraic analysis , calculus etc as strategies .

It was decided instead to select a few films from each of a number of categories ( i.e .
it was decided instead to [choose] a few films from each of a number of categories ( i.e .

The aim of the audit is to select one contractor every two weeks and to check such things as the implementation of health and safety plans , to ensure that all documentation is in order and that safety training programmes are being undertaken on an ongoing basis .
the aim of the audit is to [choose] one contractor every two weeks and to check such things as the implementation of health and safety plans , to ensure that all documentation is in order and that safety training programmes are being undertaken on an ongoing basis .

Other examples from his list of claimed sense-qualifiers turn out to belong , instead , to a class of peculiarly restrictive adjectives which we discuss elsewhere ( Chapter 7 and also Ferris , in preparation ) : ( 31 ) their main faults our prime suspect he was named first citizen These adjectives , unlike most , are inherently restrictive , and select the particular entity to be identified by a speaker out of an already assumed body of entities ; thus the faults in the first example are not main faults in any general sense , as would be required if they were to be sense-qualifiers ; they are those that come out in front , relative to the background group of all their faults , relevant on the particular occasion where the expression is used .
other examples from his list of claimed sense-qualifiers turn out to belong , instead , to a class of peculiarly restrictive adjectives which we discuss elsewhere ( chapter 7 and also ferris , in preparation ) : ( 31 ) their main faults our prime suspect he was named first citizen these adjectives , unlike most , are inherently restrictive , and [choose] the particular entity to be identified by a speaker out of an already assumed body of entities ; thus the faults in the first example are not main faults in any general sense , as would be required if they were to be sense-qualifiers ; they are those that come out in front , relative to the background group of all their faults , relevant on the particular occasion where the expression is used .

If , however , the primary purpose is to train scientists , then the criteria used to select candidates might in future be based on peer review of the departments , and a personal assessment of those candidates , rather than on the putative scientific value of the projects submitted for consideration .
if , however , the primary purpose is to train scientists , then the criteria used to [choose] candidates might in future be based on peer review of the departments , and a personal assessment of those candidates , rather than on the putative scientific value of the projects submitted for consideration .

There are several techniques for this , the most common being to select a sample from a list , called a sampling frame , according to numbers generated by tables of random numbers .
there are several techniques for this , the most common being to [choose] a sample from a list , called a sampling frame , according to numbers generated by tables of random numbers .

The normal practice of surveyors is to select groups of interest and sample within these using an appropriate list giving full coverage of the population to be sampled .
the normal practice of surveyors is to [choose] groups of interest and sample within these using an appropriate list giving full coverage of the population to be sampled .

It is individuals who , in one capacity or another , appear on lists used by surveyors to select as their samples .
it is individuals who , in one capacity or another , appear on lists used by surveyors to [choose] as their samples .

Similarly , a researcher interested in the determinants of voting choice might select respondents to interview from an electoral register .
similarly , a researcher interested in the determinants of voting choice might [choose] respondents to interview from an electoral register .

We must make it very select .
we must make it very [choose] .

On Sept. 3 Afewerki received a United States congressional delegation , headed by Tony Hall , chairman of a select committee on hunger .
on sept. 3 afewerki received a united states congressional delegation , headed by tony hall , chairman of a [choose] committee on hunger .

Nigeria 's two political parties , the National Republican Convention and the Social Democratic Party , held congresses throughout the country on June 15 to select delegates for primary elections scheduled for Aug. 24 .
nigeria 's two political parties , the national republican convention and the social democratic party , held congresses throughout the country on june 15 to [choose] delegates for primary elections scheduled for aug. 24 .

The United Kingdom parliamentary trade and industry select committee was also told that several ministries and senior members of the government had known about the manufacture of propellant for the Iraqi `` super-gun `` by a British-owned company at least six months earlier than they had admitted .
the united kingdom parliamentary trade and industry [choose] committee was also told that several ministries and senior members of the government had known about the manufacture of propellant for the iraqi `` super-gun `` by a british-owned company at least six months earlier than they had admitted .

The second round planned for Jan. 16 would select deputies for the remaining 199 seats in which no candidate had won an absolute majority on Dec. 26 .
the second round planned for jan. 16 would [choose] deputies for the remaining 199 seats in which no candidate had won an absolute majority on dec. 26 .

The revelation was discussed at closed sessions of the Senate select committee on intelligence , chaired by Democrat David Boren .
the revelation was discussed at closed sessions of the senate [choose] committee on intelligence , chaired by democrat david boren .

Resignation of Kanemaru — Struggle to select new faction leader
resignation of kanemaru — struggle to [choose] new faction leader

Some 31,760,000 Italians ( 67 per cent of the 47,400,000 electorate ) voted in a general election on April 5-6 to select the 630 members of the Chamber of Deputies and the 315 elected members of the Senate .
some 31,760,000 italians ( 67 per cent of the 47,400,000 electorate ) voted in a general election on april 5-6 to [choose] the 630 members of the chamber of deputies and the 315 elected members of the senate .

The opposition Labour Party held internal elections on April 1 to select and rank its election candidates .
the opposition labour party held internal elections on april 1 to [choose] and rank its election candidates .

Most departments will select their supplementary study units with due regard to their existing resources and from their experience of what motivates their pupils .
most departments will [choose] their supplementary study units with due regard to their existing resources and from their experience of what motivates their pupils .

There are many ways in which history can be presented to pupils and the effective teacher will select the most appropriate vehicle to achieve each identified learning outcome .
there are many ways in which history can be presented to pupils and the effective teacher will [choose] the most appropriate vehicle to achieve each identified learning outcome .

Therefore it would be more effective to select a cross section of the tasks set within a programme of study from which evidence will be retained .
therefore it would be more effective to [choose] a cross section of the tasks set within a programme of study from which evidence will be retained .

An effective history teacher needs to be able to spot the potential of particular pieces of evidence and select carefully for a particular task .
an effective history teacher needs to be able to spot the potential of particular pieces of evidence and [choose] carefully for a particular task .

One approach could be to select a number of different types of evidence on a related theme .
one approach could be to [choose] a number of different types of evidence on a related theme .

Often it can be useful to select a source with a strong and very obvious bias , at least initially .
often it can be useful to [choose] a source with a strong and very obvious bias , at least initially .

Coursework at Key Stage 4 , for instance , can have a valuable function of requiring the pupil to select material that is relevant for a particular enquiry .
coursework at key stage 4 , for instance , can have a valuable function of requiring the pupil to [choose] material that is relevant for a particular enquiry .

Other computer based variations on the basic concept use a mouse-driven pointer to select key areas of an image .
other computer based variations on the basic concept use a mouse-driven pointer to [choose] key areas of an image .

Pupils could select areas of a historical map , for example , and call up further screens of related data or sources — the census records of families who lived in a particular house , perhaps .
pupils could [choose] areas of a historical map , for example , and call up further screens of related data or sources — the census records of families who lived in a particular house , perhaps .

This rather convoluted question fits a particular pattern which it is useful to familiarise yourself with : ( a ) a quote captures a general perception ; then ( b ) you are asked about some other writer ( or invited to select a writer ) where it is plausible to think the quote may be relevant ; then ( c ) you are asked to discuss this second writer in the light of the quote .
this rather convoluted question fits a particular pattern which it is useful to familiarise yourself with : ( a ) a quote captures a general perception ; then ( b ) you are asked about some other writer ( or invited to [choose] a writer ) where it is plausible to think the quote may be relevant ; then ( c ) you are asked to discuss this second writer in the light of the quote .

( 2 ) Select any one of the exam questions we have presented in this chapter .
( 2 ) [choose] any one of the exam questions we have presented in this chapter .

In these circumstances , it is better to select a different adjective ( or more extended description ) in the first place , and so be able to dispense with the `` very `` and the `` indeed `` .
in these circumstances , it is better to [choose] a different adjective ( or more extended description ) in the first place , and so be able to dispense with the `` very `` and the `` indeed `` .

Select the right sized unit for the numbers you cater for . There are many sizes and shapes available but the main rule of thumb guide to size selection is : 6 shelf 40-80 people 10 shelf 80-140 people 20 shelf approx 200 people 20 double shelf approx 400 people
[choose] the right sized unit for the numbers you cater for . there are many sizes and shapes available but the main rule of thumb guide to size selection is : 6 shelf 40-80 people 10 shelf 80-140 people 20 shelf approx 200 people 20 double shelf approx 400 people

Select a combi-steamer with an integrated hand shower to enhance the ease of cleaning
[choose] a combi-steamer with an integrated hand shower to enhance the ease of cleaning

Select a combi-steamer with its own self-clean automatic steam generator
[choose] a combi-steamer with its own self-clean automatic steam generator

Select your combi-steamer from those who offer a demanded related power supply — this can save 20-30 per cent of your fuel bill
[choose] your combi-steamer from those who offer a demanded related power supply — this can save 20-30 per cent of your fuel bill

Select the cheapest combi-steamer — you get what you pay for
[choose] the cheapest combi-steamer — you get what you pay for

The second question — relevant only if a majority preferred a new constitution — asked voters to approve certain ground rules for the Constituent Assembly : a limited term , the obligation to submit its draft to another referendum , a clear separation of powers between the assembly and the provisional government whose president it would select .
the second question — relevant only if a majority preferred a new constitution — asked voters to approve certain ground rules for the constituent assembly : a limited term , the obligation to submit its draft to another referendum , a clear separation of powers between the assembly and the provisional government whose president it would [choose] .

The design of the qualification allows candidates to select groups of modules which are equivalent to Standard Grades for the purposes of entry to further education .
the design of the qualification allows candidates to [choose] groups of modules which are equivalent to standard grades for the purposes of entry to further education .

The qualification has been designed to make it possible for candidates to select modules which will give them the equivalent of at least three Highers in arts or social science areas .
the qualification has been designed to make it possible for candidates to [choose] modules which will give them the equivalent of at least three highers in arts or social science areas .

`` Now `` was 1824 and Place was not the only witness before a select committee in that year to make this point .
`` now `` was 1824 and place was not the only witness before a [choose] committee in that year to make this point .

Eden estimated that the Cornish tin and copper miners earned around 10s ( 50p ) a week in 1797 , while a select committee of 1799 gave a monthly range of £1 10s to £2 2s ( £1.50p — £2.10 ) .
eden estimated that the cornish tin and copper miners earned around 10s ( 50p ) a week in 1797 , while a [choose] committee of 1799 gave a monthly range of £1 10s to £2 2s ( £1.50p — £2.10 ) .

The verdict of the clerk to the select committee of 1824 which reviewed it was that it had been a dead letter so far as `` those artisans on whom it was intended to have an effect `` , namely printers , tailors , shoe makers and shipbuilders in London who continued `` their regular societies and houses of call as though no such act were in existence `` .
the verdict of the clerk to the [choose] committee of 1824 which reviewed it was that it had been a dead letter so far as `` those artisans on whom it was intended to have an effect `` , namely printers , tailors , shoe makers and shipbuilders in london who continued `` their regular societies and houses of call as though no such act were in existence `` .

In place of the set splitting inherent in the the tree , we will require a dynamic memory structure such as the Chart for recording the multiple word tokens under consideration , and a process which is capable both of rating the goodness of fit of numerous possibly overlapping word hypotheses to the current input , and of determining when enough information has been gathered to select one of them .
in place of the set splitting inherent in the the tree , we will require a dynamic memory structure such as the chart for recording the multiple word tokens under consideration , and a process which is capable both of rating the goodness of fit of numerous possibly overlapping word hypotheses to the current input , and of determining when enough information has been gathered to [choose] one of them .

The relative strengths of competing hypotheses may be relevant to the decision about how many words to select for higher level processing , but unfortunately sequential hypothesize and test systems favour the collection and evaluation of evidence for a particular hypothesis in isolation from its competitors .
the relative strengths of competing hypotheses may be relevant to the decision about how many words to [choose] for higher level processing , but unfortunately sequential hypothesize and test systems favour the collection and evaluation of evidence for a particular hypothesis in isolation from its competitors .

Once the phonetic context has been established , detailed acoustic cues can then be used to select the correct answer from the small set of candidate words .
once the phonetic context has been established , detailed acoustic cues can then be used to [choose] the correct answer from the small set of candidate words .

The syntactic and semantic components must select from word hypotheses that are constantly changing their status or score as more acoustic information becomes available .
the syntactic and semantic components must [choose] from word hypotheses that are constantly changing their status or score as more acoustic information becomes available .

This places an unmanageable burden on syntactic and semantic filtering which has to select the target word-string from all its competitors .
this places an unmanageable burden on syntactic and semantic filtering which has to [choose] the target word-string from all its competitors .

However , a knowledge of pair-wise transitional probability is often insufficient to select the target word string .
however , a knowledge of pair-wise transitional probability is often insufficient to [choose] the target word string .

The customer relies on the dealer to provide a suitable and effective system and , consequently , there is a duty on the dealer to select and recommend an adequate system ( see Stewart v Reavell 's Garage [ 1952 ] , discussed in Chapter 14 ) .
the customer relies on the dealer to provide a suitable and effective system and , consequently , there is a duty on the dealer to [choose] and recommend an adequate system ( see stewart v reavell 's garage [ 1952 ] , discussed in chapter 14 ) .

Eventually you select three possibilities and ask the agency to arrange interviews with them .
eventually you [choose] three possibilities and ask the agency to arrange interviews with them .

An audition was held on 5th December to select a new team to start work on items for the 30th Reunion .
an audition was held on 5th december to [choose] a new team to start work on items for the 30th reunion .

If a small local team is to be formed and the teacher has a good relationship with her classes she could select by invitation ( e.g .
if a small local team is to be formed and the teacher has a good relationship with her classes she could [choose] by invitation ( e.g .

‘ For all we know , if the plant breeders start producing lots of new varieties , they might select out the protective ingredients .
‘ for all we know , if the plant breeders start producing lots of new varieties , they might [choose] out the protective ingredients .

The first thing was to select the men to go with us .
the first thing was to [choose] the men to go with us .

He adds , `` To help people in treating their problems may mean even to help them define their problem and select a strategy at stages where so far they are left alone by formalized services which require as a starting point a rather late stage of the process where the person in the need state consciously takes an action . ``
he adds , `` to help people in treating their problems may mean even to help them define their problem and [choose] a strategy at stages where so far they are left alone by formalized services which require as a starting point a rather late stage of the process where the person in the need state consciously takes an action . ``

While a few basic tubs are fine for filling and pouring , when you come to select something larger you will want to be sure that what you choose is safe as well as stimulating .
while a few basic tubs are fine for filling and pouring , when you come to [choose] something larger you will want to be sure that what you choose is safe as well as stimulating .

For their lending they can select the areas with very little risk .
for their lending they can [choose] the areas with very little risk .

select 196
[choose] 196

The College , however , reserves the right to charge a fee and select students .
the college , however , reserves the right to charge a fee and [choose] students .

Finally they were asked to select the description that best fitted their pain from ‘ minor nuisance ’ , ‘ moderately severe ’ , and ‘ interferes with activities ’ .
finally they were asked to [choose] the description that best fitted their pain from ‘ minor nuisance ’ , ‘ moderately severe ’ , and ‘ interferes with activities ’ .

The same criteria defined above were used to select this population .
the same criteria defined above were used to [choose] this population .

These limitations , which have the potential to bias the results , are concerned with the techniques used to select patients for study , the methods used to ensure a representative sample of oesophageal mucosal diseases , and the technique employed for diagnosing the presence or absence of hiatal hernia .
these limitations , which have the potential to bias the results , are concerned with the techniques used to [choose] patients for study , the methods used to ensure a representative sample of oesophageal mucosal diseases , and the technique employed for diagnosing the presence or absence of hiatal hernia .

Contact has also been made with the Home Affairs Select Committee which has taken on new responsibilities of interest to the Bar , including legal aid .
contact has also been made with the home affairs [choose] committee which has taken on new responsibilities of interest to the bar , including legal aid .

By seeking to maximise their expected utility from their investments , investors will , perforce , select the one portfolio of risky assets .
by seeking to maximise their expected utility from their investments , investors will , perforce , [choose] the one portfolio of risky assets .

This limitation forces the investor to accept the level of market risk and the only ways in which this can be avoided are to select defensive ( low beta ) securities or to move out of the equities market into alternative investments or to reduce the market influence by combining equities with the risk-free asset .
this limitation forces the investor to accept the level of market risk and the only ways in which this can be avoided are to [choose] defensive ( low beta ) securities or to move out of the equities market into alternative investments or to reduce the market influence by combining equities with the risk-free asset .

The director , however , stressed the need for constraint due to cuts in spending anticipated over the next year , and suggested that the governors select particular matters for prioritization .
the director , however , stressed the need for constraint due to cuts in spending anticipated over the next year , and suggested that the governors [choose] particular matters for prioritization .

Initially it was intended to select a sample of 800 teachers , 400 from primary and 400 from secondary schools .
initially it was intended to [choose] a sample of 800 teachers , 400 from primary and 400 from secondary schools .

The first requirement is to have a large number of potential projects from which to select and then to select those which will produce the best returns on the resources available .
the first requirement is to have a large number of potential projects from which to [choose] and then to [choose] those which will produce the best returns on the resources available .

Each respondent was asked to select a project of which he had detailed knowledge and that had been completed within the previous two years .
each respondent was asked to [choose] a project of which he had detailed knowledge and that had been completed within the previous two years .

The horse 's muscular control over its top lip is very precise , which is why the top lip can do so much and reveal so much : it can function like a thumbless hand , and sort and select preferred plants in the horse 's pasture , as well as reveal unrelated emotions with such dissimilar faces as those of anxiety and the Flehman posture .
the horse 's muscular control over its top lip is very precise , which is why the top lip can do so much and reveal so much : it can function like a thumbless hand , and sort and [choose] preferred plants in the horse 's pasture , as well as reveal unrelated emotions with such dissimilar faces as those of anxiety and the flehman posture .

One man 's job was to select films for airlines and cruise ships .
one man 's job was to [choose] films for airlines and cruise ships .

When you select an item for a programme , consider how it will contribute to your goal and how it could affect mood and outlook .
when you [choose] an item for a programme , consider how it will contribute to your goal and how it could affect mood and outlook .

Then they select fourteen people and go after them one by one .
then they [choose] fourteen people and go after them one by one .

‘ No constituency will select her , of course , ’ one of the MPs remarked after a female candidate had been passed for the list , reflecting a certain realism about the whole process .
‘ no constituency will [choose] her , of course , ’ one of the mps remarked after a female candidate had been passed for the list , reflecting a certain realism about the whole process .

The Select Committee on Members ' Interests found he was in ‘ clear breach of the terms and the spirit ’ of the rules on declaration of interests for failing to tell other committee members of his links with a company making flight simulators .
the [choose] committee on members ' interests found he was in ‘ clear breach of the terms and the spirit ’ of the rules on declaration of interests for failing to tell other committee members of his links with a company making flight simulators .

‘ Very difficult to select the poor now , ’ said Mr Weekley .
‘ very difficult to [choose] the poor now , ’ said mr weekley .

It is easier to put the system on a network and ‘ custom installation ’ allows users to select United Kingdom settings , installing the ‘ £ ’ sign and asks whether to install other accessories such as help files .
it is easier to put the system on a network and ‘ custom installation ’ allows users to [choose] united kingdom settings , installing the ‘ £ ’ sign and asks whether to install other accessories such as help files .

But now he has joined the select and , these days , sadly dwindling company of five-year-old Group-race winners .
but now he has joined the [choose] and , these days , sadly dwindling company of five-year-old group-race winners .

Mr Dewar called for the setting up of a Select Committee on Scottish Affairs — it was , he said ‘ a disgrace that the Scottish Office uniquely has not been subject to proper Parliamentary scrutiny ’ .
mr dewar called for the setting up of a [choose] committee on scottish affairs — it was , he said ‘ a disgrace that the scottish office uniquely has not been subject to proper parliamentary scrutiny ’ .

( As the governor had to confess to a Commons select committee on February 19th , banks are not supposed to belong to people publicly castigated for past mendacity — as the Fayeds were , by inspectors from the Department of Trade and Industry in 1988 . )
( as the governor had to confess to a commons [choose] committee on february 19th , banks are not supposed to belong to people publicly castigated for past mendacity — as the fayeds were , by inspectors from the department of trade and industry in 1988 . )

Lord Young , a former trade secretary , deliberately and seriously misled both Parliament and the European Commission when he pushed through the 1988 sale of Rover to British Aerospace , concluded an inquiry by a Commons select committee .
lord young , a former trade secretary , deliberately and seriously misled both parliament and the european commission when he pushed through the 1988 sale of rover to british aerospace , concluded an inquiry by a commons [choose] committee .

Select the freshest and crispest salad ingredients and serve the salad immediately after it is prepared .
[choose] the freshest and crispest salad ingredients and serve the salad immediately after it is prepared .

Its advice was sought by all the parliamentary select committees involved in any way with the environment and it had a place on several of the government 's consultative bodies .
its advice was sought by all the parliamentary [choose] committees involved in any way with the environment and it had a place on several of the government 's consultative bodies .

In the conduct of business , most eyes are on a mooted change in the normal procedure for law-making , to encourage MPs to sit in select committees taking public evidence on bills before they discuss their details .
in the conduct of business , most eyes are on a mooted change in the normal procedure for law-making , to encourage mps to sit in [choose] committees taking public evidence on bills before they discuss their details .

Most employees select their company car from a list of vehicles within a certain price range .
most employees [choose] their company car from a list of vehicles within a certain price range .

The implication was obvious : the present National Assembly intended to defy death and select a compliant successor to Mr Lee in 1996 .
the implication was obvious : the present national assembly intended to defy death and [choose] a compliant successor to mr lee in 1996 .

According to recent evidence before the House of Representatives select committee on children and the family , had the exemption been indexed from 1948 it would now be worth $ 7,800 .
according to recent evidence before the house of representatives [choose] committee on children and the family , had the exemption been indexed from 1948 it would now be worth $ 7,800 .

As part of Britain 's world championship preparations , a British Select will meet the Swiss club Davos at Nottingham on December 7 , writes Vic Batchelder .
as part of britain 's world championship preparations , a british [choose] will meet the swiss club davos at nottingham on december 7 , writes vic batchelder .

For the time being , Baggio seems to be more in opposition to Donadoni than to Giannini , since the last mentioned has always seemed to be a favourite son of Vicini , one of that select group of players who matriculated along with the manager from the Italian under-21 side to the senior team .
for the time being , baggio seems to be more in opposition to donadoni than to giannini , since the last mentioned has always seemed to be a favourite son of vicini , one of that [choose] group of players who matriculated along with the manager from the italian under-21 side to the senior team .

At the same time he said he had had to select his shots wisely to get the better of Chesnokov .
at the same time he said he had had to [choose] his shots wisely to get the better of chesnokov .

This includes setting up a select committee to which ministers and civil servants could be summoned for questioning , and phasing out the present system by which legislation on Ulster is passed by unamendable Orders of Council .
this includes setting up a [choose] committee to which ministers and civil servants could be summoned for questioning , and phasing out the present system by which legislation on ulster is passed by unamendable orders of council .

Switches operated by hand , foot , head or even sucking and blowing allow people with limited movement to select keys or options from a screen with a scanning cursor .
switches operated by hand , foot , head or even sucking and blowing allow people with limited movement to [choose] keys or options from a screen with a scanning cursor .

The striping may make it difficult for a predator to select one animal out from the others in a tightly packed herd and equally difficult to judge distances between itself , its intended prey and the rest of the herd .
the striping may make it difficult for a predator to [choose] one animal out from the others in a tightly packed herd and equally difficult to judge distances between itself , its intended prey and the rest of the herd .

While the Royal Commission has never been accused of acting as an arm of government , its inquiries are not conducted with the same open-eyed approach to political manipulation as are those of the Select Committees of the House of Lords or House of Commons .
while the royal commission has never been accused of acting as an arm of government , its inquiries are not conducted with the same open-eyed approach to political manipulation as are those of the [choose] committees of the house of lords or house of commons .

The all-party House of Lords Select Committee on the European Communities issued a similar report to Rossi 's .
the all-party house of lords [choose] committee on the european communities issued a similar report to rossi 's .

Members of a House of Lords Select Committee on Science and Technology had criticised the quality of Commission research .
members of a house of lords [choose] committee on science and technology had criticised the quality of commission research .

Whatever its internal opinions , in responding to the House of Commons Select Committee 's report Acid Rain , the DoE peddled the Forestry Commission line that British tree damage bore only a ‘ superficial resemblance ’ to ‘ that associated with air pollution in West Germany ’ .
whatever its internal opinions , in responding to the house of commons [choose] committee 's report acid rain , the doe peddled the forestry commission line that british tree damage bore only a ‘ superficial resemblance ’ to ‘ that associated with air pollution in west germany ’ .

As the House of Lords Select Committee put it , ‘ It is consistent with the attribute of sovereignty in the international law sense for states to enter into groupings such as alliances or international organisations … Acceptance of such restraints does not imply loss of sovereign status by individual states .
as the house of lords [choose] committee put it , ‘ it is consistent with the attribute of sovereignty in the international law sense for states to enter into groupings such as alliances or international organisations … acceptance of such restraints does not imply loss of sovereign status by individual states .

Under Mrs Thatcher a major improvement in parliamentary control of the executive was introduced with the creation of the select committee system in 1979 .
under mrs thatcher a major improvement in parliamentary control of the executive was introduced with the creation of the [choose] committee system in 1979 .

In 1986 the Prime Minister listed 150 select committee policy recommendations accepted by the government that year .
in 1986 the prime minister listed 150 [choose] committee policy recommendations accepted by the government that year .

Appendix 4 to the 17th Report of the House of Lords Select Committee on the European Community states that ‘ Parliament does not require to be consulted before or during negotiations on a treaty or before a text is initialled ’ .
appendix 4 to the 17th report of the house of lords [choose] committee on the european community states that ‘ parliament does not require to be consulted before or during negotiations on a treaty or before a text is initialled ’ .

Nevertheless , these ratings , together with the brochure description , the information available at your travel agent and the price you pay , offer the very best guide in helping you select your Club .
nevertheless , these ratings , together with the brochure description , the information available at your travel agent and the price you pay , offer the very best guide in helping you [choose] your club .

You can select your accommodation from any of the hotels featured in this brochure ( with just one or two exceptions , where parking is either very limited or impossible .
you can [choose] your accommodation from any of the hotels featured in this brochure ( with just one or two exceptions , where parking is either very limited or impossible .

It should be noted that where a choice is given your requirement must be chosen at the time of booking and that all passengers travelling together must select the same arrangement .
it should be noted that where a choice is given your requirement must be chosen at the time of booking and that all passengers travelling together must [choose] the same arrangement .

We will give MPs greater influence over the executive by boosting the powers of Select Committees , improving staff backup for backbenchers and increasing financial and civil service support for opposition parties .
we will give mps greater influence over the executive by boosting the powers of [choose] committees , improving staff backup for backbenchers and increasing financial and civil service support for opposition parties .

The security services will be brought under the scrutiny of a Parliamentary Select Committee .
the security services will be brought under the scrutiny of a parliamentary [choose] committee .

The sexual struggle is of two kinds ; in the one it is between individuals of the same sex , generally the male sex , in order to drive away or kill their rivals , the females remain passive ; whilst in the other the struggle is likewise between the individuals of the same sex , in order to excite or charm those of the opposite sex , generally the females , which no longer remain passive , but select more agreeable partners .
the sexual struggle is of two kinds ; in the one it is between individuals of the same sex , generally the male sex , in order to drive away or kill their rivals , the females remain passive ; whilst in the other the struggle is likewise between the individuals of the same sex , in order to excite or charm those of the opposite sex , generally the females , which no longer remain passive , but [choose] more agreeable partners .

Whichever garage you select , check price lists carefully .
whichever garage you [choose] , check price lists carefully .

Whichever route you choose , you have the opportunity to select precisely the style , layout , size , materials and finish you want , maybe even to add on an extension , with a room above the garage , and perhaps a workshop behind .
whichever route you choose , you have the opportunity to [choose] precisely the style , layout , size , materials and finish you want , maybe even to add on an extension , with a room above the garage , and perhaps a workshop behind .

Select a new radiator that is the closest possible match to the existing one in terms of height and length .
[choose] a new radiator that is the closest possible match to the existing one in terms of height and length .

And if you choose an endowment mortgage , they 'll even help you select the best deal around .
and if you choose an endowment mortgage , they 'll even help you [choose] the best deal around .

By helping you to select a surveyor and combining this with our own valuation report , we can also save you some money .
by helping you to [choose] a surveyor and combining this with our own valuation report , we can also save you some money .

The table below will help you and your partner select the cover you require at a price to suit your budget . There are five monthly premium levels from which to make your choice — but remember that the more you put in , the more you 'll get back !
the table below will help you and your partner [choose] the cover you require at a price to suit your budget . there are five monthly premium levels from which to make your choice — but remember that the more you put in , the more you 'll get back !

We will debit amounts withdrawn by use of your Card to whichever of your accounts you select except for any withdrawals made after either ( i ) your right to use your Card has been terminated under Condition 8 or ( ii ) we have received your notification of the loss or theft of your Card under Condition 4 ( provided you are not in breach of these Conditions ) .
we will debit amounts withdrawn by use of your card to whichever of your accounts you [choose] except for any withdrawals made after either ( i ) your right to use your card has been terminated under condition 8 or ( ii ) we have received your notification of the loss or theft of your card under condition 4 ( provided you are not in breach of these conditions ) .

We will credit amounts deposited by use of your Card to whichever account you select but if the amount actually received by us differs from that stated by you , your account will be debited or credited ( as the case may be ) with the amount of the difference .
we will credit amounts deposited by use of your card to whichever account you [choose] but if the amount actually received by us differs from that stated by you , your account will be debited or credited ( as the case may be ) with the amount of the difference .

Although any eligible accounts held by you can be associated with a single card , one account must be nominated as the Primary Account to which all transactions relate unless you select a different account for a particular transaction , for example because there are insufficient funds in the Primary Account to meet the withdrawal .
although any eligible accounts held by you can be associated with a single card , one account must be nominated as the primary account to which all transactions relate unless you [choose] a different account for a particular transaction , for example because there are insufficient funds in the primary account to meet the withdrawal .

Our specialist staff will explain the different approaches and help you select the most appropriate for your needs .
our specialist staff will explain the different approaches and help you [choose] the most appropriate for your needs .

By organizing much of the process yourself , at least for the key posts , you will enhance your ability to select the right person .
by organizing much of the process yourself , at least for the key posts , you will enhance your ability to [choose] the right person .

It is perfectly reasonable to select a job advertisement for a similar post in a particular publication and to ask that journal to tell you what was the size of the response .
it is perfectly reasonable to [choose] a job advertisement for a similar post in a particular publication and to ask that journal to tell you what was the size of the response .

Step 4 Select the single most important behaviour that is causing you concern .
step 4 [choose] the single most important behaviour that is causing you concern .

For example , to help sustain high morale by keeping employees informed about the progress of the enterprise and its contribution to the economy ; to provide a regular forum for employee participation through regular departmental meetings ; to select key messages for dissemination within the organization .
for example , to help sustain high morale by keeping employees informed about the progress of the enterprise and its contribution to the economy ; to provide a regular forum for employee participation through regular departmental meetings ; to [choose] key messages for dissemination within the organization .

In many situations there is little real choice as to whether a verbal or written presentation is desirable . Where there is an opportunity to select the most desirable method of delivery the following signs indicate that a verbal report may be preferable :
in many situations there is little real choice as to whether a verbal or written presentation is desirable . where there is an opportunity to [choose] the most desirable method of delivery the following signs indicate that a verbal report may be preferable :

You must collect , sort and select all the facts , opinions , ideas , options and proposals which make up your particular message .
you must collect , sort and [choose] all the facts , opinions , ideas , options and proposals which make up your particular message .

And as an added incentive you could receive a gift of your choice absolutely free regardless of which savings option you select , if you apply before the 26th July , 1991 .
and as an added incentive you could receive a gift of your choice absolutely free regardless of which savings option you [choose] , if you apply before the 26th july , 1991 .

Select a plain food which you know you enjoy — perhaps an apple , a piece of cheese or a slice of bread .
[choose] a plain food which you know you enjoy — perhaps an apple , a piece of cheese or a slice of bread .

Now select a colour — red , for example — and pick up and remove all the pieces which contain that colour .
now [choose] a colour — red , for example — and pick up and remove all the pieces which contain that colour .

This mass of people , all dressed in their Sunday best , bedecked with badges and brass , hovers like a human shield , while the Royal in question inspects whatever is on show , shakes a few select hands and exchanges benign pleasantries , before being whisked away in a grand black limousine .
this mass of people , all dressed in their sunday best , bedecked with badges and brass , hovers like a human shield , while the royal in question inspects whatever is on show , shakes a few [choose] hands and exchanges benign pleasantries , before being whisked away in a grand black limousine .

Select a sophisticated , sensual scent to match your little black dress Try :
[choose] a sophisticated , sensual scent to match your little black dress try :

It is possible to arrange retirements on spurious ‘ medical ’ grounds , but this practice was heavily criticised by the Commons Home Affairs select committee earlier this year .
it is possible to arrange retirements on spurious ‘ medical ’ grounds , but this practice was heavily criticised by the commons home affairs [choose] committee earlier this year .

International Leisure Group organisation also includes Select Holidays and Lancaster .
international leisure group organisation also includes [choose] holidays and lancaster .

Richard North , a local environmental health officer who has been advising the nuns , said that contamination of eggs through the shell via the faeces had never been considered a serious risk either by the working party who had submitted evidence to the Select Committee on Salmonella in Eggs , or by the Public Health Service Laboratories .
richard north , a local environmental health officer who has been advising the nuns , said that contamination of eggs through the shell via the faeces had never been considered a serious risk either by the working party who had submitted evidence to the [choose] committee on salmonella in eggs , or by the public health service laboratories .

There is no shortage of writing about Pollock ; like other star artists , he has an embarrassingly large number of apologists , but fortunately there are select bibliographies which can guide her to key publications .
there is no shortage of writing about pollock ; like other star artists , he has an embarrassingly large number of apologists , but fortunately there are [choose] bibliographies which can guide her to key publications .

Some schools will stipulate a number of Shakespearean speeches from which you may select , but in the main the choice of work is left entirely to you .
some schools will stipulate a number of shakespearean speeches from which you may [choose] , but in the main the choice of work is left entirely to you .

It ca n't be stressed enough that you should know the entire play from which you select your audition piece ; not only that , but have thought carefully about the characters and their inter-relationship .
it ca n't be stressed enough that you should know the entire play from which you [choose] your audition piece ; not only that , but have thought carefully about the characters and their inter-relationship .

It was free to select the news it thought fit to print , to make much of it , or little , and free to make room for more girls wearing less and less underwear .
it was free to [choose] the news it thought fit to print , to make much of it , or little , and free to make room for more girls wearing less and less underwear .

We 've asked Ken Muir , of the famous fruit nursery , to select eight varieties of strawberry for the test .
we 've asked ken muir , of the famous fruit nursery , to [choose] eight varieties of strawberry for the test .

Many pilots select the days on which they fly so that the weather is near ideal and not too windy .
many pilots [choose] the days on which they fly so that the weather is near ideal and not too windy .

If it begins to look doubtful that the site can be reached and the glider is down to 1,000 feet , it is time to select the best possible field within easy reach and to make a safe landing in it .
if it begins to look doubtful that the site can be reached and the glider is down to 1,000 feet , it is time to [choose] the best possible field within easy reach and to make a safe landing in it .

It is now common practice to use a series of different strength weak links , and to select one suited to the strength and weight of the glider .
it is now common practice to use a series of different strength weak links , and to [choose] one suited to the strength and weight of the glider .

At about 1,000 feet you should put away the maps , select a good field and check it for slopes and surface etc .
at about 1,000 feet you should put away the maps , [choose] a good field and check it for slopes and surface etc .

Eventually he finds himself at 500 feet , unable to see a good field ahead , unable to remember the wind direction , and trying to select a field with very little choice .
eventually he finds himself at 500 feet , unable to see a good field ahead , unable to remember the wind direction , and trying to [choose] a field with very little choice .

During local soaring , select good-looking fields , and then go and have a look at them after the flight to see what they are really like .
during local soaring , [choose] good-looking fields , and then go and have a look at them after the flight to see what they are really like .

For a good chance of a safe landing , the ground must be seen from at least a thousand feet so that there is time to select a field and assess the wind .
for a good chance of a safe landing , the ground must be seen from at least a thousand feet so that there is time to [choose] a field and assess the wind .

You always hope that you will be able to select a large , easy field , but that may not be possible .
you always hope that you will be able to [choose] a large , easy field , but that may not be possible .

Select a local landmark on a 250,000 scale map and draw in the correct quadrant .
[choose] a local landmark on a 250,000 scale map and draw in the correct quadrant .

It is curious that he should select such a subject for his essay , drawn from a newspaper announcement of a man 's death .
it is curious that he should [choose] such a subject for his essay , drawn from a newspaper announcement of a man 's death .

If this ties again , then team captains must select another pair of representatives , and so on until the tie is broken .
if this ties again , then team captains must [choose] another pair of representatives , and so on until the tie is broken .

Select a relaxing image , such as a sparkling brook or a restless ocean .
[choose] a relaxing image , such as a sparkling brook or a restless ocean .

Though you may pick up some new techniques , the national squads are basically designed to select already gifted karateka rather than teach karate tactics or techniques .
though you may pick up some new techniques , the national squads are basically designed to [choose] already gifted karateka rather than teach karate tactics or techniques .

It is likely that the inner core of local church laity , such as select vestry members of the Church of Ireland and presbyterian elders , provided and still provide one of the links between the material and spiritual interests of the groups in the alliance , as these laity were and are active in the business and commercial fields also .
it is likely that the inner core of local church laity , such as [choose] vestry members of the church of ireland and presbyterian elders , provided and still provide one of the links between the material and spiritual interests of the groups in the alliance , as these laity were and are active in the business and commercial fields also .

Loiseau goes to the Burgundy market to select produce like the wild asparagus he serves , buttered and flashed in a pan with lobster .
loiseau goes to the burgundy market to [choose] produce like the wild asparagus he serves , buttered and flashed in a pan with lobster .

Quite good wine , which he used to select carefully on the way to her place .
quite good wine , which he used to [choose] carefully on the way to her place .

Select new skin-care products .
[choose] new skin-care products .

Select new make-up and experiment with it .
[choose] new make-up and experiment with it .

With your long-term goal in mind , select a race on a date that allows you time to prepare thoroughly .
with your long-term goal in mind , [choose] a race on a date that allows you time to prepare thoroughly .

Next , select a few races prior to your target race that will serve as your short-term goals and fitness checks .
next , [choose] a few races prior to your target race that will serve as your short-term goals and fitness checks .

Write about one main incident or object ( Chekhov said you could select anything you saw and write about it , but do n't sit down at the typewriter before the idea has gelled in your mind .
write about one main incident or object ( chekhov said you could [choose] anything you saw and write about it , but do n't sit down at the typewriter before the idea has gelled in your mind .

In that case there must have been genes controlling variation in caddis houses , for selection can not produce adaptations unless there are hereditary differences among which to select .
in that case there must have been genes controlling variation in caddis houses , for selection can not produce adaptations unless there are hereditary differences among which to [choose] .

Mr Cecil Parkinson rejected a demand from MPs on the transport select committee for immediate screening of passenger baggage on international flights , and instead promised ‘ a progressive extension ’ of screening .
mr cecil parkinson rejected a demand from mps on the transport [choose] committee for immediate screening of passenger baggage on international flights , and instead promised ‘ a progressive extension ’ of screening .

‘ For instance , the man who , up to a short time ago , was chosen to select films from the West for showing in Slovakia , and to attend festivals like Cannes and Venice , was a butcher by trade .
‘ for instance , the man who , up to a short time ago , was chosen to [choose] films from the west for showing in slovakia , and to attend festivals like cannes and venice , was a butcher by trade .

There are also many smaller select developments currently under construction by a wide range of local builder clients .
there are also many smaller [choose] developments currently under construction by a wide range of local builder clients .

The highly acclaimed Herringcote development at Dorchester-on-Thames by Beechcroft , together with a similar select retirement scheme which is now under construction at Woodstock by the same company .
the highly acclaimed herringcote development at dorchester-on-thames by beechcroft , together with a similar [choose] retirement scheme which is now under construction at woodstock by the same company .

Another consideration that should be taken into account when choosing a carpet is to select the correct quality of carpet for the area concerned .
another consideration that should be taken into account when choosing a carpet is to [choose] the correct quality of carpet for the area concerned .

Mr David Howell , Tory chairman of the Foreign Affairs Select Committee , said the scheme must ‘ anchor ’ people in the colony because any loss of confidence could lead to an immigration flood exceeding ‘ the worst fears ’ of many of his backbench colleagues .
mr david howell , tory chairman of the foreign affairs [choose] committee , said the scheme must ‘ anchor ’ people in the colony because any loss of confidence could lead to an immigration flood exceeding ‘ the worst fears ’ of many of his backbench colleagues .

Regardless of whether you select economy , which lets you kick down one gear , or sport , which selects as low a gear as possible on request , there is always a marked hesitation before the lower cog is engaged .
regardless of whether you [choose] economy , which lets you kick down one gear , or sport , which selects as low a gear as possible on request , there is always a marked hesitation before the lower cog is engaged .

In July 1936 he gathered in his palace at Bishopthorpe a select team of ten for the purpose of preparing for the coming ecumenical conference .
in july 1936 he gathered in his palace at bishopthorpe a [choose] team of ten for the purpose of preparing for the coming ecumenical conference .

The parish was tiny , hardly anyone lived in it , the church was small and easy to fill ; congregations select ; a little Sunday school but run by a lady ; some undergraduates ; hardly anyone to visit ; the proximity of Edward Wynn and Milner-White and Wilfred Knox and his father .
the parish was tiny , hardly anyone lived in it , the church was small and easy to fill ; congregations [choose] ; a little sunday school but run by a lady ; some undergraduates ; hardly anyone to visit ; the proximity of edward wynn and milner-white and wilfred knox and his father .

Haslam learned the hard way how to handle such a traumatic situation and how to some extent to play God when it became necessary to select the people who had to go .
haslam learned the hard way how to handle such a traumatic situation and how to some extent to play god when it became necessary to [choose] the people who had to go .

It is true that high-level Bolshevik theorists in Moscow and Petrograd tended to select , filter , and interpret evidence from the localities in the light of their prevailing general beliefs , so that their conclusions had little foundation in hard evidence .
it is true that high-level bolshevik theorists in moscow and petrograd tended to [choose] , filter , and interpret evidence from the localities in the light of their prevailing general beliefs , so that their conclusions had little foundation in hard evidence .

First , select your target publications .
first , [choose] your target publications .

Mick Channon observed that ‘ most famous people are ‘ characters ’ ( presumably including himself in this select group ) .
mick channon observed that ‘ most famous people are ‘ characters ’ ( presumably including himself in this [choose] group ) .

They do not want to select .
they do not want to [choose] .

Grainey , formerly assistant to Ashcroft at the Willows , will select the side for the home match against Leigh on Saturday , doubtless with reservations about his first match in charge being televised live .
grainey , formerly assistant to ashcroft at the willows , will [choose] the side for the home match against leigh on saturday , doubtless with reservations about his first match in charge being televised live .

In seeking to contribute to this research agenda we need to address a number of issues which emerge both from this earlier literature and from some initial observation in a number of social work teams organized in differing ways . How , for example , is an organizational type to be defined and how many are to be selected ? Is the area team to be the focus or is organization at secondary level to be addressed ? Are we to concur with Stevenson 's conclusion ( 1981 ) that ‘ it is hard to see how we can escape in general in organization of service from the broad client groupings , now so deeply entrenched in social service provision and in the linkages which are required with other professions ’ ( p. 100 ) , and if so how are we to select client group(s) ? From whose perspective are we interested in the problem ? Our primary concern above dictates the inclusion of certain client outcome measures across the organizational types , but are we interested also in outcomes as perceived by the client , the worker , by management or by other agencies ? More specifically , what should be the specific outcome measures that are selected and to what extent should they represent ‘ final ’ outcomes or more intermediate measures that may signify process ?
in seeking to contribute to this research agenda we need to address a number of issues which emerge both from this earlier literature and from some initial observation in a number of social work teams organized in differing ways . how , for example , is an organizational type to be defined and how many are to be selected ? is the area team to be the focus or is organization at secondary level to be addressed ? are we to concur with stevenson 's conclusion ( 1981 ) that ‘ it is hard to see how we can escape in general in organization of service from the broad client groupings , now so deeply entrenched in social service provision and in the linkages which are required with other professions ’ ( p. 100 ) , and if so how are we to [choose] client group(s) ? from whose perspective are we interested in the problem ? our primary concern above dictates the inclusion of certain client outcome measures across the organizational types , but are we interested also in outcomes as perceived by the client , the worker , by management or by other agencies ? more specifically , what should be the specific outcome measures that are selected and to what extent should they represent ‘ final ’ outcomes or more intermediate measures that may signify process ?

Just as you should carefully select your sailing venue , so you should also think about the type of sailing you do .
just as you should carefully [choose] your sailing venue , so you should also think about the type of sailing you do .

You need to select flat water conditions with no more than a Force 3 otherwise you will be concentrating too hard on staying upright rather than thinking about the exercises .
you need to [choose] flat water conditions with no more than a force 3 otherwise you will be concentrating too hard on staying upright rather than thinking about the exercises .

Once you are up and going , you should select your course out through the waves aiming to jump on only one or two waves that take your fancy .
once you are up and going , you should [choose] your course out through the waves aiming to jump on only one or two waves that take your fancy .

When sailing in surf it is important to select which wave to jump and also which part of the wave face is best .
when sailing in surf it is important to [choose] which wave to jump and also which part of the wave face is best .

With so many potential ramps available , you should look well ahead and select a good steep wave .
with so many potential ramps available , you should look well ahead and [choose] a good steep wave .

As with jumping , you should select your wave well in advance — the only criterion is that it should be fairly small .
as with jumping , you should [choose] your wave well in advance — the only criterion is that it should be fairly small .

From that time onwards each republic , and even each autonomous province , could select its own top officials , judges , prosecutors , and policemen .
from that time onwards each republic , and even each autonomous province , could [choose] its own top officials , judges , prosecutors , and policemen .

Last night Michael Meacher , Labour employment spokesman , called for the all-party Treasury and Civil Service Select Committee to examine the accuracy of government statistics and political use of them .
last night michael meacher , labour employment spokesman , called for the all-party treasury and civil service [choose] committee to examine the accuracy of government statistics and political use of them .

Frank Field , Labour chairman of the Commons Social Services Select Committee , said a common thread was that many of the youngsters came from broken homes .
frank field , labour chairman of the commons social services [choose] committee , said a common thread was that many of the youngsters came from broken homes .

But this argument will seem less persuasive when we have discussed cases of manslaughter by reason of diminished responsibility : where a murder is reduced to manslaughter , the judge has a wide sentencing discretion and may , according to the facts of the case , select a determinate prison sentence , a hospital order , or life imprisonment .
but this argument will seem less persuasive when we have discussed cases of manslaughter by reason of diminished responsibility : where a murder is reduced to manslaughter , the judge has a wide sentencing discretion and may , according to the facts of the case , [choose] a determinate prison sentence , a hospital order , or life imprisonment .

Considerations of this kind have led the House of Lords Select Committee on Murder and Life Imprisonment to recommend the abolition of the mandatory sentence for murder .
considerations of this kind have led the house of lords [choose] committee on murder and life imprisonment to recommend the abolition of the mandatory sentence for murder .

The general muddle was discussed in Chapter 6.2 ( c ) above : in principle , a person whose conduct was caused by mental disorder should not be liable to criminal conviction , but in practice the narrow and antiquated defence of insanity is rarely invoked in England ( a handful of cases each year ) , and the courts normally proceed to conviction and then select a medical disposal where appropriate .
the general muddle was discussed in chapter 6.2 ( c ) above : in principle , a person whose conduct was caused by mental disorder should not be liable to criminal conviction , but in practice the narrow and antiquated defence of insanity is rarely invoked in england ( a handful of cases each year ) , and the courts normally proceed to conviction and then [choose] a medical disposal where appropriate .

Apart from choosing the breed , mum says that for maximum compatibility , why do n't owners select a dog from a star sign suitable to their own ( eg Capricorn owner with a Taurean or Virgo dog ) . After all , she says , humans do it !
apart from choosing the breed , mum says that for maximum compatibility , why do n't owners [choose] a dog from a star sign suitable to their own ( eg capricorn owner with a taurean or virgo dog ) . after all , she says , humans do it !

Our special pull-out centre section explains how to select quality lambs to meet the precise needs of the market once the variable premium has been abolished .
our special pull-out centre section explains how to [choose] quality lambs to meet the precise needs of the market once the variable premium has been abolished .

What hard-pressed commercial producers must do from now on , is to make doubly sure that the terminal sires and female replacements they select , will deliver the type of lambs demanded by an increasingly discerning market .
what hard-pressed commercial producers must do from now on , is to make doubly sure that the terminal sires and female replacements they [choose] , will deliver the type of lambs demanded by an increasingly discerning market .

But the Welsh Office and its ‘ complacent attitude ’ was the main target of the select committee of Welsh affairs in its report on the outbreak .
but the welsh office and its ‘ complacent attitude ’ was the main target of the [choose] committee of welsh affairs in its report on the outbreak .

Alternatively , you could select spiky , upright plants like agaves or yuccas to transport you across the world , figuratively speaking , to the great deserts of North America .
alternatively , you could [choose] spiky , upright plants like agaves or yuccas to transport you across the world , figuratively speaking , to the great deserts of north america .

Choose healthy shoots , typical in colour and form ( select the best colouring from variegated plants ) .
choose healthy shoots , typical in colour and form ( [choose] the best colouring from variegated plants ) .

Always select a warm , sunny position , sheltered from cold winds and frost-free at blossom time .
always [choose] a warm , sunny position , sheltered from cold winds and frost-free at blossom time .

Select varieties for contrasting leaf colour as well as flower , ‘ Hidcote ’ is silvery leaved and dark blue , ‘ Loddon Pink ’ is green in the leaf pale-lilac pink in flower .
[choose] varieties for contrasting leaf colour as well as flower , ‘ hidcote ’ is silvery leaved and dark blue , ‘ loddon pink ’ is green in the leaf pale-lilac pink in flower .

Whether or not to select a model with sloping sides or vertical ones should be made on the basis of the types of crops you intend to grow .
whether or not to [choose] a model with sloping sides or vertical ones should be made on the basis of the types of crops you intend to grow .

Two days later , Mark received a phone call from 10 , Downing Street , asking for permission to publish the Dublin paper , and his submission to the House Select Committee , as an appendix to the Government 's proposed White Paper shortly to go before the House .
two days later , mark received a phone call from 10 , downing street , asking for permission to publish the dublin paper , and his submission to the house [choose] committee , as an appendix to the government 's proposed white paper shortly to go before the house .

The aim is always to select an appropriate method , one which answers the question as clearly as possible .
the aim is always to [choose] an appropriate method , one which answers the question as clearly as possible .

Within the sacrificial procedure , the prescription was always to select male victims for the more important occasions .
within the sacrificial procedure , the prescription was always to [choose] male victims for the more important occasions .

Social workers in training are now encouraged to accept that ‘ older people are entitled to select their own destiny , within given limits .
social workers in training are now encouraged to accept that ‘ older people are entitled to [choose] their own destiny , within given limits .

Some scientists would still maintain that science is neutral , and it is the politicians who select and implement their inventions in particular ways and who should therefore shoulder the blame for undesirable consequences .
some scientists would still maintain that science is neutral , and it is the politicians who [choose] and implement their inventions in particular ways and who should therefore shoulder the blame for undesirable consequences .

The table above is taken from a Social Security Select Committee report which produced figures for 1988 that the Government had decided not to produce itself .
the table above is taken from a social security [choose] committee report which produced figures for 1988 that the government had decided not to produce itself .

On 9 February 1988 the House resolved by 318 votes to 263 to approve in principle ‘ the holding of an experiment in the public broadcasting of its proceedings by television … ’ ; a select committee , chaired by the Leader of the House , was appointed to consider the implementation of the experiment ; and on 12 June 1989 the House endorsed , by a majority of 293 to 69 , the report of the Committee .
on 9 february 1988 the house resolved by 318 votes to 263 to approve in principle ‘ the holding of an experiment in the public broadcasting of its proceedings by television … ’ ; a [choose] committee , chaired by the leader of the house , was appointed to consider the implementation of the experiment ; and on 12 june 1989 the house endorsed , by a majority of 293 to 69 , the report of the committee .

Two or three cameras , mounted on tripods , could be placed in three select committee rooms and in two used by standing committees , and some upgrading of the lights was required in those rooms when the cameras were in use , but the aim was to make as few changes as possible during the experimental period .
two or three cameras , mounted on tripods , could be placed in three [choose] committee rooms and in two used by standing committees , and some upgrading of the lights was required in those rooms when the cameras were in use , but the aim was to make as few changes as possible during the experimental period .

In the event , as shown below , the coverage of committees , especially select committees , has been much greater than anticipated .
in the event , as shown below , the coverage of committees , especially [choose] committees , has been much greater than anticipated .

The rules for the cameras in committees are essentially the same as in the House , except that it is recognised that it is not possible to exclude shots showing the public , especially those sitting behind the witnesses in a select committee .
the rules for the cameras in committees are essentially the same as in the house , except that it is recognised that it is not possible to exclude shots showing the public , especially those sitting behind the witnesses in a [choose] committee .

There has been extensive coverage of select committees ( especially in the Thursday programme as many committees meet on Wednesdays ) and some coverage of standing committees ( perhaps not surprisingly , the committee on the Broadcasting Bill seems to have had particular appeal for the broadcasters and 16 of its sittings were televised ) .
there has been extensive coverage of [choose] committees ( especially in the thursday programme as many committees meet on wednesdays ) and some coverage of standing committees ( perhaps not surprisingly , the committee on the broadcasting bill seems to have had particular appeal for the broadcasters and 16 of its sittings were televised ) .

There has been regular live coverage of the House on Westminster Live from 3.05 pm till about 3.50 pm on Tuesdays and Thursdays ( including Prime Minister 's Questions ) and occasional other live coverage of both the Chamber and select committees .
there has been regular live coverage of the house on westminster live from 3.05 pm till about 3.50 pm on tuesdays and thursdays ( including prime minister 's questions ) and occasional other live coverage of both the chamber and [choose] committees .

Here , other Questions beat those to the Prime Minister on each programme ; coverage of other debates fell to between 4 % and 11 % ; attention to legislation rose to between 12 % and 18 % ; coverage of select committees roughly doubled , reaching 25 % in The Parliament Programme ; between 3 % and 6 % of coverage was given to standing committees .
here , other questions beat those to the prime minister on each programme ; coverage of other debates fell to between 4 % and 11 % ; attention to legislation rose to between 12 % and 18 % ; coverage of [choose] committees roughly doubled , reaching 25 % in the parliament programme ; between 3 % and 6 % of coverage was given to standing committees .

Some chairmen of select committees were critical of some aspects of their coverage , mainly because they would like to be covered even more , but most chairmen expressed their satisfaction with the way in which the work of select committees had been portrayed on television during the experiment .
some chairmen of [choose] committees were critical of some aspects of their coverage , mainly because they would like to be covered even more , but most chairmen expressed their satisfaction with the way in which the work of [choose] committees had been portrayed on television during the experiment .

Eight out of twelve Members , however , welcomed the extensive coverage being given to select committees , and some would like even more .
eight out of twelve members , however , welcomed the extensive coverage being given to [choose] committees , and some would like even more .

Select committees have had substantial coverage , but all the evidence suggests — and this is my own impression , having served or attended many committees over the years and now seeing them on television — that , with a few minor modifications , the ways these committees work is little changed .
[choose] committees have had substantial coverage , but all the evidence suggests — and this is my own impression , having served or attended many committees over the years and now seeing them on television — that , with a few minor modifications , the ways these committees work is little changed .

These eight are the select group of veteran revolutionaries who remain powerful , despite their average age of 84 years .
these eight are the [choose] group of veteran revolutionaries who remain powerful , despite their average age of 84 years .

After backroom lobbying by presidential aides , the organising committee of the Congress of People 's Deputies agreed to drop a resolution that would have recommended that Mr Yeltsin should be deprived of his post of Prime Minister and the right to select his Cabinet .
after backroom lobbying by presidential aides , the organising committee of the congress of people 's deputies agreed to drop a resolution that would have recommended that mr yeltsin should be deprived of his post of prime minister and the right to [choose] his cabinet .

Holland and Japan will select their teams on the basis of the Sussex meeting .
holland and japan will [choose] their teams on the basis of the sussex meeting .

Again David may have learnt a valuable lesson — children need to learn how to select friends who are good for them .
again david may have learnt a valuable lesson — children need to learn how to [choose] friends who are good for them .

While Quins are in danger of attracting even more coconuts for continuing to select a player who plainly is no longer fully resident in England , Leicester have to pick themselves up after a cup defeat that , effectively , ended the hunt for any of the season 's trophies .
while quins are in danger of attracting even more coconuts for continuing to [choose] a player who plainly is no longer fully resident in england , leicester have to pick themselves up after a cup defeat that , effectively , ended the hunt for any of the season 's trophies .

‘ While it is true the majority of sales staff at our 19 sites are women , we select our people purely on merit to offer our customers the very best in service and care . ’
‘ while it is true the majority of sales staff at our 19 sites are women , we [choose] our people purely on merit to offer our customers the very best in service and care . ’

Select a straight board which is wider than the base and use it to tamp down the concrete …
[choose] a straight board which is wider than the base and use it to tamp down the concrete …

An extraordinary number of subscribers ad donors had turned up , all the select society of the town ; but even the most unselect were admitted , provided they brought the cash .
an extraordinary number of subscribers ad donors had turned up , all the [choose] society of the town ; but even the most unselect were admitted , provided they brought the cash .

The House of Lords Select Committee on the European Communities ' report , Energy and the environment , says that without ‘ enormous political will and commitment ’ the Government 's promise to stabilise carbon dioxide emissions at 1990 levels ‘ will never be met ’ .
the house of lords [choose] committee on the european communities ' report , energy and the environment , says that without ‘ enormous political will and commitment ’ the government 's promise to stabilise carbon dioxide emissions at 1990 levels ‘ will never be met ’ .

My concerns were unfounded because Roland Smith has managed to select walks over 60 of some of Britain 's finest hill and high places which offer excellent viewpoints ranging from Quiraing on Skye to the Dorset Coast .
my concerns were unfounded because roland smith has managed to [choose] walks over 60 of some of britain 's finest hill and high places which offer excellent viewpoints ranging from quiraing on skye to the dorset coast .

This results in short positive pulses coincident with the core switching transitions to select the desired pickup of coil signals .
this results in short positive pulses coincident with the core switching transitions to [choose] the desired pickup of coil signals .

Select one amplifier for calibration and connect a voltmeter to the test point at the first stage output .
[choose] one amplifier for calibration and connect a voltmeter to the test point at the first stage output .

As printers became more powerful , it became necessary to send more control information to them , such as to set margin widths or select fonts .
as printers became more powerful , it became necessary to send more control information to them , such as to set margin widths or [choose] fonts .

There are also facilities to display the data 's standard errors and select polynomial and rational functions .
there are also facilities to display the data 's standard errors and [choose] polynomial and rational functions .

Switch positions 1 to 4 select the divider outputs to give full-scale ranges of 19.99kHz to 19.99MHz .
switch positions 1 to 4 [choose] the divider outputs to give full-scale ranges of 19.99khz to 19.99mhz .

It is then easier to select the individuals best suited to the proposed task .
it is then easier to [choose] the individuals best suited to the proposed task .

The choreographer 's problem is to select which of the movements are appropriate , when and how they are to be incorporated and what style and quality they require .
the choreographer 's problem is to [choose] which of the movements are appropriate , when and how they are to be incorporated and what style and quality they require .

To do this successfully the choreographer must be able to select from the ‘ aggregation of objects ’ only those which are appropriate to the ballet in hand .
to do this successfully the choreographer must be able to [choose] from the ‘ aggregation of objects ’ only those which are appropriate to the ballet in hand .

He must select and contrast the strong and weak or tensed and relaxed movements in order to give them tempo , rhythm and expressive quality .
he must [choose] and contrast the strong and weak or tensed and relaxed movements in order to give them tempo , rhythm and expressive quality .

It is useful to point out that when using such materials choreographers must know their vocabulary very thoroughly and select movements through which they can emphasise the moment when disaster strikes .
it is useful to point out that when using such materials choreographers must know their vocabulary very thoroughly and [choose] movements through which they can emphasise the moment when disaster strikes .

She sidestepped Mr Shore 's demand for a select committee inquiry into the ‘ enormous ’ threat to Westminster 's powers posed by the last two stages of the Delors plan , centralised banking and budgetary controls .
she sidestepped mr shore 's demand for a [choose] committee inquiry into the ‘ enormous ’ threat to westminster 's powers posed by the last two stages of the delors plan , centralised banking and budgetary controls .

The Appointments Commission which selects public members will in future also select press members from names proposed ‘ at large ’ , instead of being nominated by the constituent bodies .
the appointments commission which selects public members will in future also [choose] press members from names proposed ‘ at large ’ , instead of being nominated by the constituent bodies .

The Commons public accounts committee and trade and industry select committee have also been sent the documentation .
the commons public accounts committee and trade and industry [choose] committee have also been sent the documentation .

He will find support on the Conservative benches , as members of the Commons Social Services Select Committee seek to refer the bill to a standing committee .
he will find support on the conservative benches , as members of the commons social services [choose] committee seek to refer the bill to a standing committee .

This would allow the select committee , under its chairman , Mr Frank Field , to take evidence from all interested parties , including the British Medical Association , before line-by-line scrutiny of the bill begins .
this would allow the [choose] committee , under its chairman , mr frank field , to take evidence from all interested parties , including the british medical association , before line-by-line scrutiny of the bill begins .

As chairman of the influential social services select committee , he has regularly won headlines for the Labour Party on welfare issues .
as chairman of the influential social services [choose] committee , he has regularly won headlines for the labour party on welfare issues .

Bringing back the House of Commons Select Committee on Science would be one step in this direction .
bringing back the house of commons [choose] committee on science would be one step in this direction .

At each centre , staff will coordinate and select the best methods .
at each centre , staff will coordinate and [choose] the best methods .

‘ Now you know how to select these perfect babies , Dr. Briant , will the treatment be available on the National Health Service ? ’
‘ now you know how to [choose] these perfect babies , dr. briant , will the treatment be available on the national health service ? ’

We have to take great care to select the visual environment so that its effect can be measured .
we have to take great care to [choose] the visual environment so that its effect can be measured .

The emphasis on ‘ learning difficulty ’ has given rise to several problems , identified by the House of Commons Select Committee on Education in 1987 .
the emphasis on ‘ learning difficulty ’ has given rise to several problems , identified by the house of commons [choose] committee on education in 1987 .

Whilst not advocating the imposition of a national curriculum , the Select Committee called for greater powers for the Secretary of State to intervene in circumstances where ‘ a nationally agreed guaranteed provision appears to be at risk ’ .
whilst not advocating the imposition of a national curriculum , the [choose] committee called for greater powers for the secretary of state to intervene in circumstances where ‘ a nationally agreed guaranteed provision appears to be at risk ’ .

Picasso and Matisse sponsored a Granados — Satie concert in 1916 , a very fashionable occasion with a select audience .
picasso and matisse sponsored a granados — satie concert in 1916 , a very fashionable occasion with a [choose] audience .

Devise a clear set of questions that will enable them to select and use appropriate information sources and reference books from the class and school library .
devise a clear set of questions that will enable them to [choose] and use appropriate information sources and reference books from the class and school library .

Select reference books and other information materials , eg in classroom collections or the school library or held on a computer , and use organisational devices , eg chapter titles , subheadings , typeface , symbol keys , to find answers to their own questions .
[choose] reference books and other information materials , eg in classroom collections or the school library or held on a computer , and use organisational devices , eg chapter titles , subheadings , typeface , symbol keys , to find answers to their own questions .

select books for their own reading and for use in their work in school ;
[choose] books for their own reading and for use in their work in school ;

Pupils should be taught how to select these texts for themselves and how to use them effectively .
pupils should be taught how to [choose] these texts for themselves and how to use them effectively .

( ii ) They should be shown how to locate material from a range of sources , eg subject-specific reference books , adult encyclopaedias and databases , how to select material by deploying the appropriate reading strategy , how to evaluate it and how to draw it together into a coherent package .
( ii ) they should be shown how to locate material from a range of sources , eg subject-specific reference books , adult encyclopaedias and databases , how to [choose] material by deploying the appropriate reading strategy , how to evaluate it and how to draw it together into a coherent package .

They should be encouraged to select appropriate reading strategies for various types of task .
they should be encouraged to [choose] appropriate reading strategies for various types of task .

( iii ) Through experience of a wider range of poetry , they should have the opportunity to select verse forms appropriate for their own choice of subject matter and purposes .
( iii ) through experience of a wider range of poetry , they should have the opportunity to [choose] verse forms appropriate for their own choice of subject matter and purposes .

• select creative , child oriented teachers
• [choose] creative , child oriented teachers

This device eventually prompted criticism from a number of quarters , most notably the House of Commons Select Committee on Energy .
this device eventually prompted criticism from a number of quarters , most notably the house of commons [choose] committee on energy .

These arrangements for review of the procedures were strongly condemned by the Opposition which argued that the monitoring function should be undertaken by a Select Committee of the House of Commons which would ‘ oversee the work of any person responsible for , or making use of , the interception of communications ’ .
these arrangements for review of the procedures were strongly condemned by the opposition which argued that the monitoring function should be undertaken by a [choose] committee of the house of commons which would ‘ oversee the work of any person responsible for , or making use of , the interception of communications ’ .

That is one day 's debate on an extremely serious matter , compared to what could be done by a Select Committee over many weeks of sitting , bringing evidence before it , questioning people involved , looking at the matter in depth .
that is one day 's debate on an extremely serious matter , compared to what could be done by a [choose] committee over many weeks of sitting , bringing evidence before it , questioning people involved , looking at the matter in depth .

It is the Select Committee system , which can report to the House , after which a full debate can take place .
it is the [choose] committee system , which can report to the house , after which a full debate can take place .

Consider a juke-box : if you select one of 20 tunes , have you really given the system an instruction or have you merely selected one of the 20 tunes from the repertoire of the machine ?
consider a juke-box : if you [choose] one of 20 tunes , have you really given the system an instruction or have you merely selected one of the 20 tunes from the repertoire of the machine ?

Ted Wragg , describing his work as adviser to the Parliamentary Select Committee into the attainment of the school leaver ( 1976/7 ) , reports that mathematics was the topic that came up by far the most frequently in all the submissions to that Committee , and one of its recommendations was that an inquiry should be set up into mathematics teaching .
ted wragg , describing his work as adviser to the parliamentary [choose] committee into the attainment of the school leaver ( 1976/7 ) , reports that mathematics was the topic that came up by far the most frequently in all the submissions to that committee , and one of its recommendations was that an inquiry should be set up into mathematics teaching .

In Scotland , where parent power in schools is further ahead than in England and Wales , and where parents will have the right to select headteachers or dismiss members of the teaching staff , as well as influencing the general policy of the school , many parents expressed their doubts about adopting such a role when the new school year started in 1987 .
in scotland , where parent power in schools is further ahead than in england and wales , and where parents will have the right to [choose] headteachers or dismiss members of the teaching staff , as well as influencing the general policy of the school , many parents expressed their doubts about adopting such a role when the new school year started in 1987 .

He wondered which row to select from the library of disputes available to him .
he wondered which row to [choose] from the library of disputes available to him .

If you do elect to have a full structural survey you can , of course , leave it to your building society or bank to select a surveyor for you , and you need never come in contact with him .
if you do elect to have a full structural survey you can , of course , leave it to your building society or bank to [choose] a surveyor for you , and you need never come in contact with him .

Select two or three with a good reputation and go to see them .
[choose] two or three with a good reputation and go to see them .

At the time Cook was concentrating on smaller , more select parties which left a gap in the market for larger tours .
at the time cook was concentrating on smaller , more [choose] parties which left a gap in the market for larger tours .

The disabled and frail elderly will , of course , have special requirements and will need to select a home with a view to adaptation .
the disabled and frail elderly will , of course , have special requirements and will need to [choose] a home with a view to adaptation .

Select the ones that have held bottles , because they will be stapled at the bottom and are much stronger .
[choose] the ones that have held bottles , because they will be stapled at the bottom and are much stronger .

The variety of the social events undertaken by such groups means that you can select what does and does not appeal to you .
the variety of the social events undertaken by such groups means that you can [choose] what does and does not appeal to you .

This essay began with a citation from a book on how parents could select the sex of their offspring .
this essay began with a citation from a book on how parents could [choose] the sex of their offspring .

Do mothers have a right to select the sex of their babies ?
do mothers have a right to [choose] the sex of their babies ?

In a developing country , like India , a preference for sons would be expected to lead initially to a reduction in the birth rate , which would be to the country 's advantage ; and before long , the more farsighted parents will realise that in order to have grandchildren , they should select not sons , who may not be able to find wives , but daughters , who will be sought after , and be able to enter into advantageous marriages .
in a developing country , like india , a preference for sons would be expected to lead initially to a reduction in the birth rate , which would be to the country 's advantage ; and before long , the more farsighted parents will realise that in order to have grandchildren , they should [choose] not sons , who may not be able to find wives , but daughters , who will be sought after , and be able to enter into advantageous marriages .

The House of Commons Energy Select Committee believes that the Government is not doing enough to promote energy efficiency .
the house of commons energy [choose] committee believes that the government is not doing enough to promote energy efficiency .

Sometimes you will be required to fill in an application form which will be used to select candidates for interview .
sometimes you will be required to fill in an application form which will be used to [choose] candidates for interview .

The purpose of the employment interview is to select the right person for the job .
the purpose of the employment interview is to [choose] the right person for the job .

Inability to select the right people is considered to be one of the major weaknesses of British management , a weakness with a hidden cost of many millions of pounds a year .
inability to [choose] the right people is considered to be one of the major weaknesses of british management , a weakness with a hidden cost of many millions of pounds a year .

Lunches — select one
lunches — [choose] one

Dinners — select one from each section , i.e. a starter , main course and dessert .
dinners — [choose] one from each section , i.e. a starter , main course and dessert .

By supplanting local authority planning powers in this way , UDCs are intended to remove the political uncertainty and restraints of local democracy which , in the government 's view at least , represent a significant hindrance to the development process and a deterrent to private investment ( House of Lords Select Committee , 1981 ) .
by supplanting local authority planning powers in this way , udcs are intended to remove the political uncertainty and restraints of local democracy which , in the government 's view at least , represent a significant hindrance to the development process and a deterrent to private investment ( house of lords [choose] committee , 1981 ) .

You can select cabling by flipping a switch .
you can [choose] cabling by flipping a switch .

Therefore it is often preferable to select materials that do not have such a tight-knit structure ; when appropriate , the teacher can extend the enquiries and discoveries with these along the lines of the structured material .
therefore it is often preferable to [choose] materials that do not have such a tight-knit structure ; when appropriate , the teacher can extend the enquiries and discoveries with these along the lines of the structured material .

Libraries must select the methods that are relevant to their particular objectives and restraints ’ .
libraries must [choose] the methods that are relevant to their particular objectives and restraints ’ .

recruitment and selection , if people wish to select staff ‘ .
recruitment and selection , if people wish to [choose] staff ‘ .

Find out who is responsible for training in the libraries you select or someone you know who might be enthusiastic .
find out who is responsible for training in the libraries you [choose] or someone you know who might be enthusiastic .

Libraries must select the methods that are relevant to their particular objectives and restraints .
libraries must [choose] the methods that are relevant to their particular objectives and restraints .

It was decided , therefore , to select action and control groups on the basis of geographical area .
it was decided , therefore , to [choose] action and control groups on the basis of geographical area .

Even at first assessment the difficulties faced by these dementia sufferers are apparent : two-thirds could not identify three coins , three out of five could not name three or four parts of a watch , and one half could not tell the time or correctly select a medicine bottle .
even at first assessment the difficulties faced by these dementia sufferers are apparent : two-thirds could not identify three coins , three out of five could not name three or four parts of a watch , and one half could not tell the time or correctly [choose] a medicine bottle .

In Britain and South Africa , most breeders are now careful to select the longer-legged type , standing perhaps 100–112cm at the withers , which is a well-proportioned animal in contrast with the big-headed 90cm dwarves .
in britain and south africa , most breeders are now careful to [choose] the longer-legged type , standing perhaps 100–112cm at the withers , which is a well-proportioned animal in contrast with the big-headed 90cm dwarves .

For several years there has been a major breed improvement and production scheme in France to increase its genetic merit and select the best breeding stock from a nucleus of 45,000 recorded cows .
for several years there has been a major breed improvement and production scheme in france to increase its genetic merit and [choose] the best breeding stock from a nucleus of 45,000 recorded cows .

Undiscouraged by its lack of welcome , the corpse returned upon the next tide to Looe Island , where , cut about by the rocks , the grisly spectacle finally came to rest well to the windward of the select Hannafore part of the town .
undiscouraged by its lack of welcome , the corpse returned upon the next tide to looe island , where , cut about by the rocks , the grisly spectacle finally came to rest well to the windward of the [choose] hannafore part of the town .

Is not the question more one of how we select and appoint committees in the first place ?
is not the question more one of how we [choose] and appoint committees in the first place ?

He will take up the £51,000 a year job as soon as possible and is expected to have to give up his chairmanship of the all-party defence select committee .
he will take up the £51,000 a year job as soon as possible and is expected to have to give up his chairmanship of the all-party defence [choose] committee .

On the recommendation of a 1958 report from the Commons Select Committee on Estimates , a technocratic team had been commissioned to build on the forward looks for social-service and defence spending pioneered by the Treasury in the mid-fifties .
on the recommendation of a 1958 report from the commons [choose] committee on estimates , a technocratic team had been commissioned to build on the forward looks for social-service and defence spending pioneered by the treasury in the mid-fifties .

Others have muddled through without a policy , although in that situation choices are still forced willy-nilly upon those who select materials .
others have muddled through without a policy , although in that situation choices are still forced willy-nilly upon those who [choose] materials .

Choices have to be made , whether by management or by those who actually select material .
choices have to be made , whether by management or by those who actually [choose] material .

Secondly , there are administrative and logistic problems about selecting from the very large numbers of catalogues available , and many librarians prefer to select from a single bibliographical source ( see Chapter 8 ) , cross-checking to publishers ' catalogues if more details about particular titles are needed .
secondly , there are administrative and logistic problems about selecting from the very large numbers of catalogues available , and many librarians prefer to [choose] from a single bibliographical source ( see chapter 8 ) , cross-checking to publishers ' catalogues if more details about particular titles are needed .

Librarianship textbooks sometimes draw a distinction between ‘ select bibliographies ’ and ‘ guides to the literature ’ , defining the latter as providing a discussion of the structure of the subject literature and bibliographical examples , rather than a full set of references .
librarianship textbooks sometimes draw a distinction between ‘ [choose] bibliographies ’ and ‘ guides to the literature ’ , defining the latter as providing a discussion of the structure of the subject literature and bibliographical examples , rather than a full set of references .

One of a series of select bibliographies on British history .
one of a series of [choose] bibliographies on british history .

Very much a select bibliography , as the introduction makes clear , since it attempts to list the most important databases from the much larger number available .
very much a [choose] bibliography , as the introduction makes clear , since it attempts to list the most important databases from the much larger number available .

Official bodies , organizations and societies of all kinds which publish select bibliographies in their own subject field for the benefit of their members .
official bodies , organizations and societies of all kinds which publish [choose] bibliographies in their own subject field for the benefit of their members .

The absence of an evaluative element is a limitation for anyone trying to select between different items , but it is helpful to have access to comprehensive lists of titles which can be searched by a variety of subject approaches , especially since these include recent titles which are unlikely to appear in published bibliographies .
the absence of an evaluative element is a limitation for anyone trying to [choose] between different items , but it is helpful to have access to comprehensive lists of titles which can be searched by a variety of subject approaches , especially since these include recent titles which are unlikely to appear in published bibliographies .

In practice selectors will use both databases and select bibliographies ( assuming the latter are available ) so as to take advantage of the best features of both .
in practice selectors will use both databases and [choose] bibliographies ( assuming the latter are available ) so as to take advantage of the best features of both .

Many books almost select themselves , and many others are rejected without any need for a lengthy appraisal process .
many books almost [choose] themselves , and many others are rejected without any need for a lengthy appraisal process .

At this stage the selector should note down as much information as possible against each title , including the reason it was marked as a possible purchase — because recommended in a select bibliography , for instance , or as a replacement for a much-used copy on the shelves — and perhaps some form of starring system to identify titles thought to be outstanding of their kind .
at this stage the selector should note down as much information as possible against each title , including the reason it was marked as a possible purchase — because recommended in a [choose] bibliography , for instance , or as a replacement for a much-used copy on the shelves — and perhaps some form of starring system to identify titles thought to be outstanding of their kind .

Yet many librarians seem content to select from a supplier 's selection , and to surrender professional responsibility for their service to the suppliers , allowing speed and ease of supply to take precedence over comprehensiveness and depth .
yet many librarians seem content to [choose] from a supplier 's selection , and to surrender professional responsibility for their service to the suppliers , allowing speed and ease of supply to take precedence over comprehensiveness and depth .

Large district libraries with bookstocks of between 40,000 to 100,000 volumes should ‘ meet the demands of all those whose main need is for books and information on specific subjects , even though they may not be engaged in formal study ’ , and also ‘ meet the needs of those who wish to select their books from a wide range of cultural or recreational materials of high standard ’ .
large district libraries with bookstocks of between 40,000 to 100,000 volumes should ‘ meet the demands of all those whose main need is for books and information on specific subjects , even though they may not be engaged in formal study ’ , and also ‘ meet the needs of those who wish to [choose] their books from a wide range of cultural or recreational materials of high standard ’ .

This Article could aid considerably the plight of upland broadleaved woods discussed in Chapter 9 but much evidence given to the House of Lords Select Committee on this item gave the proposal a very mixed reception .
this article could aid considerably the plight of upland broadleaved woods discussed in chapter 9 but much evidence given to the house of lords [choose] committee on this item gave the proposal a very mixed reception .

Rarely , it may even be unreasonable to select you for redundancy on the basis of length of service , for instance if doing so entails retaining another employee past retiring age when you are much younger and still have plenty to offer .
rarely , it may even be unreasonable to [choose] you for redundancy on the basis of length of service , for instance if doing so entails retaining another employee past retiring age when you are much younger and still have plenty to offer .

At the age of sixteen , Coleridge joined the select band of the ‘ Grecians ’ , the school 's most gifted pupils who studied for places at Oxford and Cambridge .
at the age of sixteen , coleridge joined the [choose] band of the ‘ grecians ’ , the school 's most gifted pupils who studied for places at oxford and cambridge .

This point is very important if the manager is left to select a supervisor who will be reporting directly to him/her .
this point is very important if the manager is left to [choose] a supervisor who will be reporting directly to him/her .

He/she may well select someone whom they feel they can get on with .
he/she may well [choose] someone whom they feel they can get on with .

Furthermore , even where valid structures have been drilled , rocks of poor reservoir quality have been found but this my be due to the fact that no attempt has been made to select the structures with the best reservoir potential .
furthermore , even where valid structures have been drilled , rocks of poor reservoir quality have been found but this my be due to the fact that no attempt has been made to [choose] the structures with the best reservoir potential .

As pointed out above , firstly , their budgets only cover a limited range of services and , secondly , unlike DHAs , GPs can select which patients to take on and thus include in their budget .
as pointed out above , firstly , their budgets only cover a limited range of services and , secondly , unlike dhas , gps can [choose] which patients to take on and thus include in their budget .

If it is left to the provider , there will be strong incentives to select the lower cost , least complicated cases , within the contracted category .
if it is left to the provider , there will be strong incentives to [choose] the lower cost , least complicated cases , within the contracted category .

To select options within a prompt :
to [choose] options within a prompt :

Shift+F6 , Column Select is on , see Task 23 . Deleting a column also switches it off
shift+f6 , column [choose] is on , see task 23 . deleting a column also switches it off

Tap Esc for Escape ( to select Copy )
tap esc for escape ( to [choose] copy )

Select the command or subcommand you want help with ( see relevant Tasks and ‘ Moving around the Command Area ’ on page 3 above )
[choose] the command or subcommand you want help with ( see relevant tasks and ‘ moving around the command area ’ on page 3 above )

Select the file to be loaded using the direction keys .
[choose] the file to be loaded using the direction keys .

To select text for reformatting
to [choose] text for reformatting

Select the first word of the first sentence .
[choose] the first word of the first sentence .

Select the first sentence of the second paragraph . Extend the selection to include the second sentence
[choose] the first sentence of the second paragraph . extend the selection to include the second sentence

Select the third paragraph . Tap the Down , key to cancel the selection
[choose] the third paragraph . tap the down , key to cancel the selection

Select the second and third lines , not sentences , of the last paragraph . Cancel the selection
[choose] the second and third lines , not sentences , of the last paragraph . cancel the selection

Select the text to be deleted ( see Task 10 )
[choose] the text to be deleted ( see task 10 )

Select the text to be deleted , then hold down Shift and tap Del for Delete .
[choose] the text to be deleted , then hold down shift and tap del for delete .

Same paragraph : select and delete the phrase ‘ using the Del for Delete key ’ . Do not move the cursor
same paragraph : [choose] and delete the phrase ‘ using the del for delete key ’ . do not move the cursor

If you select the wrong block of text , tap one of the direction keys to clear the selection and start again .
if you [choose] the wrong block of text , tap one of the direction keys to clear the selection and start again .

Select the text to be returned to the default character format
[choose] the text to be returned to the default character format

Select ( highlight ) the paragraph(s) to be reformatted ( see Task 10 )
[choose] ( highlight ) the paragraph(s) to be reformatted ( see task 10 )

Select the paragraph(s) displayed in a new format which are to be returned to the original format
[choose] the paragraph(s) displayed in a new format which are to be returned to the original format

To return to the original format(s) select the text to be changed then :
to return to the original format(s) [choose] the text to be changed then :

Tap the Down key once to skip to show ruler : ( No ) . Tap the Spacebar to select ( Yes )
tap the down key once to skip to show ruler : ( no ) . tap the spacebar to [choose] ( yes )

Tap the Spacebar once to select ( Yes )
tap the spacebar once to [choose] ( yes )

Select the paragraph(s) to be inset :
[choose] the paragraph(s) to be inset :

Select the appropriate paragraph(s)
[choose] the appropriate paragraph(s)

Highlight ( select ) the text to be inset from either one or from both margins ( see Task 10 )
highlight ( [choose] ) the text to be inset from either one or from both margins ( see task 10 )

Tap the Down key once to select left indent :
tap the down key once to [choose] left indent :

The left margin only : tap Enter ; then tap a cursor ( direction ) key to cancel the highlight Both margins : tap the Right key twice to select right indent :
the left margin only : tap enter ; then tap a cursor ( direction ) key to cancel the highlight both margins : tap the right key twice to [choose] right indent :

Select ( highlight ) the paragraph(s) to be returned to the default style ( ie the fully blocked style )
[choose] ( highlight ) the paragraph(s) to be returned to the default style ( ie the fully blocked style )

To search for text : above the cursor ( omit step 1 above and ) select : direction : ( Up ) of the same case ( or mix of cases ) as the search text select : case : ( Yes ) including whole words only select : whole word : ( Yes )
to search for text : above the cursor ( omit step 1 above and ) [choose] : direction : ( up ) of the same case ( or mix of cases ) as the search text [choose] : case : ( yes ) including whole words only [choose] : whole word : ( yes )

Hold down Ctrl and tap Pg Dn . Repeat the search of Amendment 1 , but select direction : ( Up )
hold down ctrl and tap pg dn . repeat the search of amendment 1 , but [choose] direction : ( up )

Select case : ( Yes ) and direction : ( Down ) .
[choose] case : ( yes ) and direction : ( down ) .

Select whole word : ( Yes ) .
[choose] whole word : ( yes ) .

Move the cursor above the text to be replaced or select a block of text which contains it
move the cursor above the text to be replaced or [choose] a block of text which contains it

To replace text throughout the document in one step ( 'without confirmation' ) select : confirm : ( No ) of the same case as the text to be replaced select : case : ( Yes ) which only includes whole words select : whole word : ( Yes )
to replace text throughout the document in one step ( 'without confirmation' ) [choose] : confirm : ( no ) of the same case as the text to be replaced [choose] : case : ( yes ) which only includes whole words [choose] : whole word : ( yes )

Tap the Spacebar once to select numbering : ( Start )
tap the spacebar once to [choose] numbering : ( start )

Look in your food cupboard or fridge and select three products . For each one :
look in your food cupboard or fridge and [choose] three products . for each one :

You can select goods from this .
you can [choose] goods from this .

Look around your shop and try to identify products which do not sell well ( or ask the manager ) . Select three of the items and :
look around your shop and try to identify products which do not sell well ( or ask the manager ) . [choose] three of the items and :

Select three advertisements from your local newspaper .
[choose] three advertisements from your local newspaper .

Select six magazine or newspaper advertisements . For each one , explain :
[choose] six magazine or newspaper advertisements . for each one , explain :

Look at the window displays and select two each ( you might like to choose one you think is good and one you think is bad ) .
look at the window displays and [choose] two each ( you might like to choose one you think is good and one you think is bad ) .

Predators may select prey in order of abundance , as does the barn owl , for instance , in which case they preserve the original pattern of equitability , or they may select less abundant prey preferentially , as do most mustelids , in which case they change it .
predators may [choose] prey in order of abundance , as does the barn owl , for instance , in which case they preserve the original pattern of equitability , or they may [choose] less abundant prey preferentially , as do most mustelids , in which case they change it .

At the close of the 1990–91 season 's business , Phil Barber was Palace 's longest-serving current player and had joined the select troupe of men to have played over 250 games for The Eagles some fourteen months previously , so that is fair to say that there has seldom been a more popular fellow to wear the Palace colours .
at the close of the 1990–91 season 's business , phil barber was palace 's longest-serving current player and had joined the [choose] troupe of men to have played over 250 games for the eagles some fourteen months previously , so that is fair to say that there has seldom been a more popular fellow to wear the palace colours .

‘ Brighty ’ earned the Golden Boot award for the highest scorer in Division Two in 1987–88 , in which he hit 24 goals , and his efforts in the following promotion term , in which he played in every match , took him into the select group of men who have netted over 50 League goals for our club .
‘ brighty ’ earned the golden boot award for the highest scorer in division two in 1987–88 , in which he hit 24 goals , and his efforts in the following promotion term , in which he played in every match , took him into the [choose] group of men who have netted over 50 league goals for our club .

He is also one of a select band of Palace players who have also appeared in the County Cricket Championship , having done so 14 times for Hampshire between 1957 and 1962 .
he is also one of a [choose] band of palace players who have also appeared in the county cricket championship , having done so 14 times for hampshire between 1957 and 1962 .

You can select monthly , annual or lump sum contributions .
you can [choose] monthly , annual or lump sum contributions .

Moorcroft was employed to manage the East India Company 's stud in Essex , and to select breeding stock for their stud in Bengal .
moorcroft was employed to manage the east india company 's stud in essex , and to [choose] breeding stock for their stud in bengal .

He is one of the select band of teachers ( including Dick and Macqueen ) of whom it was said that they could tell if a horse was lame , merely by listening .
he is one of the [choose] band of teachers ( including dick and macqueen ) of whom it was said that they could tell if a horse was lame , merely by listening .

As a result most of our large towns had their select residences on the western side , in positions where they received the benefit of the prevailing wind before it passed over the town or city ; the poorer population residing on the eastern side .
as a result most of our large towns had their [choose] residences on the western side , in positions where they received the benefit of the prevailing wind before it passed over the town or city ; the poorer population residing on the eastern side .

Care must be taken to select the correct neutralizing agent for the specific odorous gas to be treated and there are obvious difficulties when both acidic and alkaline compounds are present in the gas stream .
care must be taken to [choose] the correct neutralizing agent for the specific odorous gas to be treated and there are obvious difficulties when both acidic and alkaline compounds are present in the gas stream .

Sidner ( 1979a ) refers to the inference required to approve or reject a single candidate as ‘ normal ’ mode inference , and to that required to select between several candidates as ‘ special mode ’ .
sidner ( 1979a ) refers to the inference required to approve or reject a single candidate as ‘ normal ’ mode inference , and to that required to [choose] between several candidates as ‘ special mode ’ .

Select one topical current affairs issue each week and swot up on it from newspapers and magazines .
[choose] one topical current affairs issue each week and swot up on it from newspapers and magazines .

The whole idea of small talk is to select a ‘ safe ’ topic where it is likely that the other person will have no trouble in meeting you halfway .
the whole idea of small talk is to [choose] a ‘ safe ’ topic where it is likely that the other person will have no trouble in meeting you halfway .

Select ( either from the ‘ wells ’ or from the ‘ betters ’ or from both ) one or two issues to focus upon .
[choose] ( either from the ‘ wells ’ or from the ‘ betters ’ or from both ) one or two issues to focus upon .

Select a feasible idea or ideas .
[choose] a feasible idea or ideas .

The decision about which other teachers to select for appointment also rests with the governing body , but this function may be delegated to one or more governors , the headteacher , or one or more governors and the headteacher acting together .
the decision about which other teachers to [choose] for appointment also rests with the governing body , but this function may be delegated to one or more governors , the headteacher , or one or more governors and the headteacher acting together .

It can not arbitrarily select the member state in which the parties to the merger have their highest market share .
it can not arbitrarily [choose] the member state in which the parties to the merger have their highest market share .

The United States Select Committee on Nutrition and Human Needs makes similar recommendations :
the united states [choose] committee on nutrition and human needs makes similar recommendations :

The were about to select from the sweet trolley when , at a nod from his mother , the proprietor dimmed the houselights and a young waitress brought in a surprise birthday cake , the reflection from the candles throwing her face into warm relief .
the were about to [choose] from the sweet trolley when , at a nod from his mother , the proprietor dimmed the houselights and a young waitress brought in a surprise birthday cake , the reflection from the candles throwing her face into warm relief .

The multi-screen computer and the Sports Recall Data Bank enable you to select your choice of sporting records , then meet the sporting greats , presented in an exciting multi-media display .
the multi-screen computer and the sports recall data bank enable you to [choose] your choice of sporting records , then meet the sporting greats , presented in an exciting multi-media display .

When it came up for its third reading on 21 June it was referred to a select committee who on 18 July reported that they were of the opinion that the bill ought not to be proceeded with .
when it came up for its third reading on 21 june it was referred to a [choose] committee who on 18 july reported that they were of the opinion that the bill ought not to be proceeded with .

After seeing his 1853 bill side-tracked by a Royal Commission , Lord St Leonards was moving the second reading of another debtor and creditor bill in the House of Lords in 1859 , but once again many of their lordships found it all too complicated , and wanted it examined by a select committee .
after seeing his 1853 bill side-tracked by a royal commission , lord st leonards was moving the second reading of another debtor and creditor bill in the house of lords in 1859 , but once again many of their lordships found it all too complicated , and wanted it examined by a [choose] committee .

Parliament did not finally merge bankruptcy and insolvency until 1861 ( 24 & 25 Victoria cap 134 ) following the report of the House of Lords ' Select Committee .
parliament did not finally merge bankruptcy and insolvency until 1861 ( 24 & 25 victoria cap 134 ) following the report of the house of lords ' [choose] committee .

Those they select are passed up to Waugh 's desk whether they are lost in the plethora of paper that almost obscures the wood .
those they [choose] are passed up to waugh 's desk whether they are lost in the plethora of paper that almost obscures the wood .

Of course , it was all too immediate , though some of us kept diaries , ; now we select and interpret looking back from a different Personal life and a very different political time . )
of course , it was all too immediate , though some of us kept diaries , ; now we [choose] and interpret looking back from a different personal life and a very different political time . )

And in its reply to the report on science and government by the House of Lords Select Committee on Science and Technology , the government promised to publish a regular review .
and in its reply to the report on science and government by the house of lords [choose] committee on science and technology , the government promised to publish a regular review .

Suppose that a device can be introduced to select the direction of polarisation detection at the last possible moment just before the photon arrives .
suppose that a device can be introduced to [choose] the direction of polarisation detection at the last possible moment just before the photon arrives .

So this year , for New Scientist 's student books issue , we invited nine people to select what they thought were the most interesting books for students published during the past year .
so this year , for new scientist 's student books issue , we invited nine people to [choose] what they thought were the most interesting books for students published during the past year .

The comps select individual letters , spaces and punctuation marks from a wooden case , and assemble them in a ‘ stick ’ to form a relief of the type in mirror-image .
the comps [choose] individual letters , spaces and punctuation marks from a wooden case , and assemble them in a ‘ stick ’ to form a relief of the type in mirror-image .

The idea is not new — a Hungarian engineer designed the first photocomposing machine in 1894 — but its widespread adoption depended on the computer to select characters at high speed from an optical storage disc .
the idea is not new — a hungarian engineer designed the first photocomposing machine in 1894 — but its widespread adoption depended on the computer to [choose] characters at high speed from an optical storage disc .

But the most important saving could be made by persuading people to turn off lights when they are not needed — either by time switches or by well-designed panels which allow people to select easily the amount of light they need .
but the most important saving could be made by persuading people to turn off lights when they are not needed — either by time switches or by well-designed panels which allow people to [choose] easily the amount of light they need .

The foundation will tour Scotland 's universities , starting with St Andrews this week , to select the 40 best ideas .
the foundation will tour scotland 's universities , starting with st andrews this week , to [choose] the 40 best ideas .

It seems that Teller remained an inexhaustible source of ideas but , as with Winston Churchill , ‘ nine out of ten of them were useless and he needed men with more judgement , even if less gifted to select the tenth idea which was often a stroke of genius ’ .
it seems that teller remained an inexhaustible source of ideas but , as with winston churchill , ‘ nine out of ten of them were useless and he needed men with more judgement , even if less gifted to [choose] the tenth idea which was often a stroke of genius ’ .

So Hewlett-Packard 's approach is to set up what amounts to a high-tech classroom in a select group of schools .
so hewlett-packard 's approach is to set up what amounts to a high-tech classroom in a [choose] group of schools .

That done , the program would select the play that promised the highest score .
that done , the program would [choose] the play that promised the highest score .

Almost exactly a year ago , Enid Jones , an assistant secretary in the department , told a select committee of the House of Lords : ‘ We have done a big exercise on [ how to safeguard supplies ] but ministers have not reached a decision .
almost exactly a year ago , enid jones , an assistant secretary in the department , told a [choose] committee of the house of lords : ‘ we have done a big exercise on [ how to safeguard supplies ] but ministers have not reached a decision .

In 1835 a select committee on explosions in the mines rejected all the lamps currently in use because they were all liable to internal explosions in methane blowers .
in 1835 a [choose] committee on explosions in the mines rejected all the lamps currently in use because they were all liable to internal explosions in methane blowers .

And , in 1849 , before the House of Lords select committee on the cause of accidents in the mines , a miners ' petition argued that the owners were practising a false economy in not supplying a ‘ sufficient quantity of brattices , doors and stoppings to convey a sufficient quantity of wholesome air ’ to miners underground .
and , in 1849 , before the house of lords [choose] committee on the cause of accidents in the mines , a miners ' petition argued that the owners were practising a false economy in not supplying a ‘ sufficient quantity of brattices , doors and stoppings to convey a sufficient quantity of wholesome air ’ to miners underground .

The Royal Navy is also running a competition to select a new radar for its surviving Type 42 destroyers , Type 21 frigates , its aircraft carriers and the planned Type 23 frigates .
the royal navy is also running a competition to [choose] a new radar for its surviving type 42 destroyers , type 21 frigates , its aircraft carriers and the planned type 23 frigates .

The first viewer to select an outfit from the parade will receive it free the next day ( Kinkead claims it is a uni-sex , uni-size garment ) .
the first viewer to [choose] an outfit from the parade will receive it free the next day ( kinkead claims it is a uni-sex , uni-size garment ) .

The technique is to crush a diamond , select a splinter that comes to a molecular-sized point , and mount it on a pantograph system .
the technique is to crush a diamond , [choose] a splinter that comes to a molecular-sized point , and mount it on a pantograph system .

Now a select committee has ruled that broadcasts are not privileged .
now a [choose] committee has ruled that broadcasts are not privileged .

James ( The Amazing ) Randi has been a member of this select set for many years now .
james ( the amazing ) randi has been a member of this [choose] set for many years now .

Specialists then select and contact the most suitable recipient .
specialists then [choose] and contact the most suitable recipient .

The females visit the arena and select the male of their choice , mate with him and then depart to rear the young on their own .
the females visit the arena and [choose] the male of their choice , mate with him and then depart to rear the young on their own .

Often an introductory section mentions that the teacher may select and may concentrate on certain aspects in preference to others ; sometimes it gives an indication that regional variations in content may be acceptable in certain cases .
often an introductory section mentions that the teacher may [choose] and may concentrate on certain aspects in preference to others ; sometimes it gives an indication that regional variations in content may be acceptable in certain cases .

On the whole , however , there is little positive incentive for the teacher to select or diverge .
on the whole , however , there is little positive incentive for the teacher to [choose] or diverge .

Although some attempt is made to design an instrument which serves the needs of primary school leavers as well as secondary school entrants , the main official purpose of the exercise , and practically the only purpose which interests teachers or children , is to select entrants for secondary school .
although some attempt is made to design an instrument which serves the needs of primary school leavers as well as secondary school entrants , the main official purpose of the exercise , and practically the only purpose which interests teachers or children , is to [choose] entrants for secondary school .

In some societies parents do select the marriage partner for their children , but we have very little say in the partners our children choose , however strongly we may feel on the subject .
in some societies parents do [choose] the marriage partner for their children , but we have very little say in the partners our children choose , however strongly we may feel on the subject .

We can , of course , select staff who are ‘ young-user-friendly ’ , and then try to ensure that they remain so by encouragement .
we can , of course , [choose] staff who are ‘ young-user-friendly ’ , and then try to ensure that they remain so by encouragement .

This allows both the public and private aspects of a development to be considered within one measure with detailed scrutiny of the latter by Select Committees of both Houses of Parliament .
this allows both the public and private aspects of a development to be considered within one measure with detailed scrutiny of the latter by [choose] committees of both houses of parliament .

Select Committee proceedings may well be more searching than those of a public inquiry , and their recommendations are incorporated within the law .
[choose] committee proceedings may well be more searching than those of a public inquiry , and their recommendations are incorporated within the law .

Not all surveyors have the same ambition and aptitude , and unless training is the reason for putting appropriate surveyors on to certain jobs , it is advisable to select those individuals who have experience relevant to , and interest in , the particular project in hand .
not all surveyors have the same ambition and aptitude , and unless training is the reason for putting appropriate surveyors on to certain jobs , it is advisable to [choose] those individuals who have experience relevant to , and interest in , the particular project in hand .

Mr. Browne served on two select committees — treasury and social security and was elected secretary of a number of backbench committees , including defence and finance .
mr. browne served on two [choose] committees — treasury and social security and was elected secretary of a number of backbench committees , including defence and finance .

After the talk he was invited to select the best dressed carrot in the club 's competition for the month .
after the talk he was invited to [choose] the best dressed carrot in the club 's competition for the month .

The advantages that they are getting are admirable and important but reforms that only give these advantages to a select minority can not be called fair .
the advantages that they are getting are admirable and important but reforms that only give these advantages to a [choose] minority can not be called fair .

Some species of these single-celled creatures even select and collect tiny grains of sand which , rather than being used in the ‘ parent 's ’ outer shell are collected together internally and passed on to the ‘ offspring ’ when the single-celled organism divides .
some species of these single-celled creatures even [choose] and collect tiny grains of sand which , rather than being used in the ‘ parent 's ’ outer shell are collected together internally and passed on to the ‘ offspring ’ when the single-celled organism divides .

In lengthy career-assessment trials — of the type commonly used by leading companies worldwide to select executives and vet candidates for promotion independently — nine top female executives showed themselves to be as tough-minded , independent and decisive as male counterparts .
in lengthy career-assessment trials — of the type commonly used by leading companies worldwide to [choose] executives and vet candidates for promotion independently — nine top female executives showed themselves to be as tough-minded , independent and decisive as male counterparts .

For those who can afford it , a course of treatment with a professional psychotherapist may be the best answer , although it is important to select the person and the approach carefully .
for those who can afford it , a course of treatment with a professional psychotherapist may be the best answer , although it is important to [choose] the person and the approach carefully .

He was an active member of the British Deaf and Dumb Association and one of the select band that received its Medal of Honour for services to the deaf .
he was an active member of the british deaf and dumb association and one of the [choose] band that received its medal of honour for services to the deaf .

In the final year students are free to select their units , subject to the guidance of a member of staff .
in the final year students are free to [choose] their units , subject to the guidance of a member of staff .

Interaction with other Art and Design degree programmes in the Faculty is encouraged , and students may select a broad or specialist route .
interaction with other art and design degree programmes in the faculty is encouraged , and students may [choose] a broad or specialist route .

Students follow a general course in their first year , and in the final year they select one of three specialist areas of study .
students follow a general course in their first year , and in the final year they [choose] one of three specialist areas of study .

As part of their overall assessment , students will be required to select and undertake a substantial research project in their chosen area of professional practice .
as part of their overall assessment , students will be required to [choose] and undertake a substantial research project in their chosen area of professional practice .

Students select from a wide range of American Studies units .
students [choose] from a wide range of american studies units .

Final-year Honours students may also select from a range of optional units which includes Image Processing , Software Design , Distributed Systems and Advanced Information Systems .
final-year honours students may also [choose] from a range of optional units which includes image processing , software design , distributed systems and advanced information systems .

Yet , only in the last half of the 20th century has a select band of some 200 people been able to call themselves astronauts — ‘ travellers in interplanetary space ’ .
yet , only in the last half of the 20th century has a [choose] band of some 200 people been able to call themselves astronauts — ‘ travellers in interplanetary space ’ .

You may select your meals from a choice on the menu , you may assist in preparing the Home 's menu , you may eat when you wish during specified meal times .
you may [choose] your meals from a choice on the menu , you may assist in preparing the home 's menu , you may eat when you wish during specified meal times .

Another company holds an annual senior managers ' conference attended by only a few select top executives at which fundamental issues are discussed .
another company holds an annual senior managers ' conference attended by only a few [choose] top executives at which fundamental issues are discussed .

But certain exemptions would apply within a select and small number of zones .
but certain exemptions would apply within a [choose] and small number of zones .

The Select Committee 's examination of the four options which looks at a wide range of technical , economic , social and environmental factors and recommends the government to choose the Channel Tunnel Group proposal .
the [choose] committee 's examination of the four options which looks at a wide range of technical , economic , social and environmental factors and recommends the government to choose the channel tunnel group proposal .

When gentle-folk rented horse-drawn transport from Mr Hobson , they were never allowed to select their own horse and carriage , but paid dearly for what Hobson deigned to provide ; hence the expression ‘ Hobson 's choice ’ , meaning no choice at all , but the necessity of making do with whatever was offered .
when gentle-folk rented horse-drawn transport from mr hobson , they were never allowed to [choose] their own horse and carriage , but paid dearly for what hobson deigned to provide ; hence the expression ‘ hobson 's choice ’ , meaning no choice at all , but the necessity of making do with whatever was offered .

The ability to select propitious characters in Chinese is a fine art and it takes a student of great learning to transpose an English name into Chinese syllables which convey beauty both in the pictogram character and in meaning , and yet bear some semblance in sound to the original name .
the ability to [choose] propitious characters in chinese is a fine art and it takes a student of great learning to transpose an english name into chinese syllables which convey beauty both in the pictogram character and in meaning , and yet bear some semblance in sound to the original name .

The wicked response is to select the technique that gives the desired answer .
the wicked response is to [choose] the technique that gives the desired answer .

They select a response from a card :
they [choose] a response from a card :

One of the favourite stories in Baxter 's bewildering repertoire of personal anecdotes tells of his friendship with the great Hungarian player Ferenc Puskas , who he first met in 1963 when Baxter was chosen to represent a World Select against England .
one of the favourite stories in baxter 's bewildering repertoire of personal anecdotes tells of his friendship with the great hungarian player ferenc puskas , who he first met in 1963 when baxter was chosen to represent a world [choose] against england .

It is noteworthy , however , that the Royal Society made a plea for just this type of multidisciplinary work in its submission on greenhouse gases to the House of Lords ' Select Committee on Science and Technology ( Royal Society 1989 : 40 ) .
it is noteworthy , however , that the royal society made a plea for just this type of multidisciplinary work in its submission on greenhouse gases to the house of lords ' [choose] committee on science and technology ( royal society 1989 : 40 ) .

In July 1839 , the House of Commons set up a Select Committee to consider the various plans for Downing Street .
in july 1839 , the house of commons set up a [choose] committee to consider the various plans for downing street .

The next thing that happened was six years after the Select Committee .
the next thing that happened was six years after the [choose] committee .

On 11th May the Bill was given a Second Reading and referred to a Select Committee , which met on 10th July with Molesworth as Chairman .
on 11th may the bill was given a second reading and referred to a [choose] committee , which met on 10th july with molesworth as chairman .

Molesworth 's chairmanship of the Select Committee on the Downing Street Public Offices Bill must have been one of his last acts as First Commissioner of Works , as on 21st July , 1855 , Palmerston promoted him to be Secretary of State for the Colonies , and appointed the President of the Board of Health , Sir Benjamin Hall ( 1802–67 ) , in his place .
molesworth 's chairmanship of the [choose] committee on the downing street public offices bill must have been one of his last acts as first commissioner of works , as on 21st july , 1855 , palmerston promoted him to be secretary of state for the colonies , and appointed the president of the board of health , sir benjamin hall ( 1802–67 ) , in his place .

Palmerston promised that a Select Committee would be appointed next session to reconsider the whole problem of the concentration of government departments .
palmerston promised that a [choose] committee would be appointed next session to reconsider the whole problem of the concentration of government departments .

The Select committee on Public Offices
the [choose] committee on public offices

As promised by Palmerston during the previous session , a Select Committee was set up by the House of Commons on 28th April , 1856 to consider ‘ the best means of providing Accommodation for the various Public Departments in the Neighbourhood of Downing Street ’ .
as promised by palmerston during the previous session , a [choose] committee was set up by the house of commons on 28th april , 1856 to consider ‘ the best means of providing accommodation for the various public departments in the neighbourhood of downing street ’ .

Nor had it been mentioned in Parliament since the previous April , when Hall proposed setting up the Select Committee and holding an international competition .
nor had it been mentioned in parliament since the previous april , when hall proposed setting up the [choose] committee and holding an international competition .

Lord Granville , the Lord President of the Council , replied that the competition had been held in accordance with the recommendation of a Select Committee .
lord granville , the lord president of the council , replied that the competition had been held in accordance with the recommendation of a [choose] committee .

Lord Ellenborough , an outspoken Tory , thought that their Lordships should not acquiesce to the report of a Select Committee of the House of Commons .
lord ellenborough , an outspoken tory , thought that their lordships should not acquiesce to the report of a [choose] committee of the house of commons .

On 6th June , 1857 he introduced the Public Offices Extension Bill , and it was given a Second Reading on 30th June , the day that he reported the judges ' decisions , when it was referred to a Select Committee .
on 6th june , 1857 he introduced the public offices extension bill , and it was given a second reading on 30th june , the day that he reported the judges ' decisions , when it was referred to a [choose] committee .

The Lords of the Treasury , Wilson said , regretted that this was ‘ not altogether in accordance ’ with the recommendations of the Select Committee , but they felt that they had no alternative .
the lords of the treasury , wilson said , regretted that this was ‘ not altogether in accordance ’ with the recommendations of the [choose] committee , but they felt that they had no alternative .

Derby 's Government in the Commons was led by the Leader of the House and Chancellor of the Exchequer , Benjamin Disraeli , who as a member of the Select Committee which examined the 1855 Act and Hall 's Committee of 1856 was well aware of the need for a new Foreign Office .
derby 's government in the commons was led by the leader of the house and chancellor of the exchequer , benjamin disraeli , who as a member of the [choose] committee which examined the 1855 act and hall 's committee of 1856 was well aware of the need for a new foreign office .

The Select Committee on the Foreign Office Reconstruction
the [choose] committee on the foreign office reconstruction

It hardly seems likely that the Government was jolted into action by the Northamptonshire Society 's letter , but nevertheless three days later the House of Commons ordered that a Select Committee ‘ be appointed to consider and report upon the Re-construction of the Foreign Office in relation to the future Rebuilding of other Offices on a uniform Plan , due regard being had to Public Convenience and Economy ’ .
it hardly seems likely that the government was jolted into action by the northamptonshire society 's letter , but nevertheless three days later the house of commons ordered that a [choose] committee ‘ be appointed to consider and report upon the re-construction of the foreign office in relation to the future rebuilding of other offices on a uniform plan , due regard being had to public convenience and economy ’ .

One of these was held on Friday , 4th June , 1858 , the day after he had been nominated a member of the Select Committee , when the guests included Scott , Cockerell , Charles Barry , Digby Wyatt and Street .
one of these was held on friday , 4th june , 1858 , the day after he had been nominated a member of the [choose] committee , when the guests included scott , cockerell , charles barry , digby wyatt and street .

His attitude towards architectural style was well known before the Select Committee met .
his attitude towards architectural style was well known before the [choose] committee met .

The first six paragraphs described events leading to the setting up of the Select Committee and the reasons for the choice of witnesses .
the first six paragraphs described events leading to the setting up of the [choose] committee and the reasons for the choice of witnesses .

In its final form , the Report of the Select Committee consisted .
in its final form , the report of the [choose] committee consisted .

In accordance with the recommendation of the Select Committee of The House of Commons ‘ on Foreign Office reconstruction' ’ , made in their Report , dated 13th July last , ‘ ‘ that a preference should be given to the successful competitors in the erection of the New Foreign Office , it is the intention of the Government to employ as the architect of the proposed building , in the event of the necessary funds being voted by Parliament in the ensuing Session , Mr. George Gilbert Scott , one of the successful competitors ' ’ .
in accordance with the recommendation of the [choose] committee of the house of commons ‘ on foreign office reconstruction' ’ , made in their report , dated 13th july last , ‘ ‘ that a preference should be given to the successful competitors in the erection of the new foreign office , it is the intention of the government to employ as the architect of the proposed building , in the event of the necessary funds being voted by parliament in the ensuing session , mr. george gilbert scott , one of the successful competitors ' ’ .

Scott 's appointment could be easily justified on the grounds of his qualifications alone , but the attempt by the Select Committee to make something of the competition results only serves to cast doubt on the reasons for the appointment .
scott 's appointment could be easily justified on the grounds of his qualifications alone , but the attempt by the [choose] committee to make something of the competition results only serves to cast doubt on the reasons for the appointment .

Manners replied that the Select Committee had found no difference between Gothic and Classic , ‘ as regards economy , commodiousness and public utility ’ , and his choice of the Gothic design was governed ‘ by the site on which the Foreign Office was to be placed ’ .
manners replied that the [choose] committee had found no difference between gothic and classic , ‘ as regards economy , commodiousness and public utility ’ , and his choice of the gothic design was governed ‘ by the site on which the foreign office was to be placed ’ .

He had seen from the Select Committee 's Report that Scott had studied the Greek and Italian styles as well as Gothic and , being ‘ a person of great talent ’ , he hoped he would put ‘ a more lively and enlightened front to his buildings ’ .
he had seen from the [choose] committee 's report that scott had studied the greek and italian styles as well as gothic and , being ‘ a person of great talent ’ , he hoped he would put ‘ a more lively and enlightened front to his buildings ’ .

The second reason was that Palmerston had gone further than that by insisting on the appointment of an architect who had not even entered the competition , and the third reason was that the whole affair was so tangled when he took office that he appointed a Select Committee to look into it .
the second reason was that palmerston had gone further than that by insisting on the appointment of an architect who had not even entered the competition , and the third reason was that the whole affair was so tangled when he took office that he appointed a [choose] committee to look into it .

He introduced the Bill on 4th March , 1859 ; it was given a Second Reading on 18th March and passed to a Select Committee which besides himself included Hall and Stirling .
he introduced the bill on 4th march , 1859 ; it was given a second reading on 18th march and passed to a [choose] committee which besides himself included hall and stirling .

He had previously produced another scheme which , in accordance with the recommendation of the Select Committee , omitted the residence completely .
he had previously produced another scheme which , in accordance with the recommendation of the [choose] committee , omitted the residence completely .

Hall had assured the architects before the competition that there was no bias towards a particular style , and the Select Committee had no preference of style .
hall had assured the architects before the competition that there was no bias towards a particular style , and the [choose] committee had no preference of style .

He pointed out that the Select Committee had found no material difference between Gothic and Classic and with regard to the incongruity of the styles :
he pointed out that the [choose] committee had found no material difference between gothic and classic and with regard to the incongruity of the styles :

However , Baillie Cochrane explained that Scott 's first scheme had reception rooms ‘ on a magnificent scale ’ , but on the recommendation of the Select Committee they were omitted and reintroduced at the suggestion of Foreign Office officials as normal rooms which could be used for special occasions .
however , baillie cochrane explained that scott 's first scheme had reception rooms ‘ on a magnificent scale ’ , but on the recommendation of the [choose] committee they were omitted and reintroduced at the suggestion of foreign office officials as normal rooms which could be used for special occasions .

He accused Tite of inconsistency by advocating Pennethorne to the Select Committee and now saying that the competitors should be taken in order of precedence , and repeated the main arguments that he had used in the delegation , with the New Town of Edinburgh as an additional example of the monotony of classical architecture .
he accused tite of inconsistency by advocating pennethorne to the [choose] committee and now saying that the competitors should be taken in order of precedence , and repeated the main arguments that he had used in the delegation , with the new town of edinburgh as an additional example of the monotony of classical architecture .

Manners , defending his actions , said that the Select Committee left it to the executive Government to select the style and the architects , and he had only acted accordingly .
manners , defending his actions , said that the [choose] committee left it to the executive government to [choose] the style and the architects , and he had only acted accordingly .

He pointed out that although the Select Committee had regretted that the opinion of the assessors was not taken into consideration in the outcome of the competition , they would probably not have chosen Scott .
he pointed out that although the [choose] committee had regretted that the opinion of the assessors was not taken into consideration in the outcome of the competition , they would probably not have chosen scott .

Others want to know which foods are low in fat and which are good for fibre so that they can select their own meals .
others want to know which foods are low in fat and which are good for fibre so that they can [choose] their own meals .

If you were asked to select the towns for two new large department stores , which two would you choose and why ?
if you were asked to [choose] the towns for two new large department stores , which two would you choose and why ?

If you are a beginner it is a fair bet that the prescription is not right and you should review the case and select another remedy .
if you are a beginner it is a fair bet that the prescription is not right and you should review the case and [choose] another remedy .

Very often the more severe and acute the illness , the clearer the disease picture so that the similar remedy may actually be easier to select .
very often the more severe and acute the illness , the clearer the disease picture so that the similar remedy may actually be easier to [choose] .

If this fails to hold the situation then review the case and see if there have been any changes or new information come to light that would enable you to select a more similar remedy which could carry on the work of the first remedy .
if this fails to hold the situation then review the case and see if there have been any changes or new information come to light that would enable you to [choose] a more similar remedy which could carry on the work of the first remedy .

Cultures , and adults within them responsible for socialization , select dierent tasks for children ’ s learning .
cultures , and adults within them responsible for socialization , [choose] dierent tasks for children ’ s learning .

Parents need to select carefully , making sure they agree with the book ’ s values .
parents need to [choose] carefully , making sure they agree with the book ’ s values .

For example , if the child is about to “ blow ” while you ’ re out shopping , try involving the child in the shopping experience—pointing out things of interest to the child ; asking the child to help you select and carry purchases ; and reminding the child that after the shopping is ﬁnished , you are going to do something the child enjoys .
for example , if the child is about to “ blow ” while you ’ re out shopping , try involving the child in the shopping experience—pointing out things of interest to the child ; asking the child to help you [choose] and carry purchases ; and reminding the child that after the shopping is ﬁnished , you are going to do something the child enjoys .

When permitted to select freely among diverse activities at child care or preschool , young children overwhelmingly prefer fantasy play .
when permitted to [choose] freely among diverse activities at child care or preschool , young children overwhelmingly prefer fantasy play .

At times , the adult might model a social skill or give the child examples of strategies , as in , “ You could ask Paul , ‘ Would you let me try it for a while ? ’ or you could say , ‘ May we share it ? ’ ” At other times , the adult might encourage the child to generate possible strategies : “ What could you do to get Mary and Andrea to let you play , too ? ” In each instance , parents and teachers select the level of support that best matches the child ’ s current social capacities and then pull back as the child acquires new social problem-solving skills .
at times , the adult might model a social skill or give the child examples of strategies , as in , “ you could ask paul , ‘ would you let me try it for a while ? ’ or you could say , ‘ may we share it ? ’ ” at other times , the adult might encourage the child to generate possible strategies : “ what could you do to get mary and andrea to let you play , too ? ” in each instance , parents and teachers [choose] the level of support that best matches the child ’ s current social capacities and then pull back as the child acquires new social problem-solving skills .

The following three suggestions can help parents and teachers select strategies that foster more mature social behavior :
the following three suggestions can help parents and teachers [choose] strategies that foster more mature social behavior :

When children are ready for game play , permitting them to select sports they enjoy , to progress at their own pace , and to participate in decisions about team rules preserves the positive lessons discussed in this chapter—in cooperation , fair play , and willingly following social rules .
when children are ready for game play , permitting them to [choose] sports they enjoy , to progress at their own pace , and to participate in decisions about team rules preserves the positive lessons discussed in this chapter—in cooperation , fair play , and willingly following social rules .

The operator must first select the work to be done , put aside the tickets that indicate she performed the sewing appropriate for those bundles and should be paid at the specified rate for the job , open the appropriate bundles , and position the pieces to be joined on the sewing table in preparation for sewing .
the operator must first [choose] the work to be done , put aside the tickets that indicate she performed the sewing appropriate for those bundles and should be paid at the specified rate for the job , open the appropriate bundles , and position the pieces to be joined on the sewing table in preparation for sewing .

It is difficult to select an organization to do the monitoring , establish the procedures to be followed , and determine who should serve as outside or independent monitors.31 Voluntary compliance measures and agreements in the United States , outside of collective bargaining , have thus far had a history of short-term viability and limited effectiveness .
it is difficult to [choose] an organization to do the monitoring , establish the procedures to be followed , and determine who should serve as outside or independent monitors.31 voluntary compliance measures and agreements in the united states , outside of collective bargaining , have thus far had a history of short-term viability and limited effectiveness .

Only the accepted practice of generations prescribes that the queen must sign legislation for it to be binding as law or that the queen may intervene , under certain circumstances , to break a party deadlock and select a nominee for prime minister.19 In all systems of customary law , the relevant perspective is not that of those who first engage in the practice but rather of those who witness the pattern of the past and adopt it as binding on themselves .
only the accepted practice of generations prescribes that the queen must sign legislation for it to be binding as law or that the queen may intervene , under certain circumstances , to break a party deadlock and [choose] a nominee for prime minister.19 in all systems of customary law , the relevant perspective is not that of those who first engage in the practice but rather of those who witness the pattern of the past and adopt it as binding on themselves .

Natural selection , operating on these small discrete changes , will select out favorable mutations , as Darwin hoped .
natural selection , operating on these small discrete changes , will [choose] out favorable mutations , as darwin hoped .

Given minor heritable variation in the constants of the laws of the daughter universes , cosmic natural selection will select for universes whose constants support the formation of a near-maximum number of black holes .
given minor heritable variation in the constants of the laws of the daughter universes , cosmic natural selection will [choose] for universes whose constants support the formation of a near-maximum number of black holes .

Ukyo and Kita These districts on the west and north sides of Kyoto are home to most of the city ’ s major temples , set within the surrounding greenery and mountains that prompted the Emperor Kammu to select this site for his new capital , Heian-kyo , in 794 .
ukyo and kita these districts on the west and north sides of kyoto are home to most of the city ’ s major temples , set within the surrounding greenery and mountains that prompted the emperor kammu to [choose] this site for his new capital , heian-kyo , in 794 .

While other quarters are known for their palaces and churches , Montparnasse ( named after a 17th-century gravel mound since removed ) has cafés and bars for its landmarks , most of them along the Boulevard du Montparnasse : the Closerie des Lilas ; the Select , a Henry Miller hang-out ; the Coupole , favorite of Sartre and Simone de Beauvoir ; the Dôme ; and the Rotonde .
while other quarters are known for their palaces and churches , montparnasse ( named after a 17th-century gravel mound since removed ) has cafés and bars for its landmarks , most of them along the boulevard du montparnasse : the closerie des lilas ; the [choose] , a henry miller hang-out ; the coupole , favorite of sartre and simone de beauvoir ; the dôme ; and the rotonde .

The range of fashion boutiques around San Marco is small but select , with an emphasis on top-class shoes and other leather goods made in the Brenta area outside of Venice .
the range of fashion boutiques around san marco is small but [choose] , with an emphasis on top-class shoes and other leather goods made in the brenta area outside of venice .

Recently restored to its former splendor , is now linked to a select group of famous hotels in Southeast Asia and Indo-china .
recently restored to its former splendor , is now linked to a [choose] group of famous hotels in southeast asia and indo-china .

Knowing the particulars of each area , helps you select a place to stay that best fits your preferences .
knowing the particulars of each area , helps you [choose] a place to stay that best fits your preferences .

On the road back to town , stop at the National Museum to admire its small but select collection of art and artifacts .
on the road back to town , stop at the national museum to admire its small but [choose] collection of art and artifacts .

Organized visits to the turtle camps are conducted daily in Mazunte , at the Centro Mexicano de la Tortuga , and in Puerto Vallarta by several of the beachfront hotels and a select group of ecologically oriented tour operators , such as Eco-tours de México ( Tel .
organized visits to the turtle camps are conducted daily in mazunte , at the centro mexicano de la tortuga , and in puerto vallarta by several of the beachfront hotels and a [choose] group of ecologically oriented tour operators , such as eco-tours de méxico ( tel .

A municipal competition was held in 1859 to select a plan for a new quarter between the old city and the Collserola hills .
a municipal competition was held in 1859 to [choose] a plan for a new quarter between the old city and the collserola hills .

A select number of tourists discovered Melaque and Barra de Navidad in the 1950s , and the towns have grown gracefully since .
a [choose] number of tourists discovered melaque and barra de navidad in the 1950s , and the towns have grown gracefully since .

The award , given to only a select few alumni , will be presented at 7:30 tonight at a reception on Moravian 's Priscilla Payne Hurd campus .
the award , given to only a [choose] few alumni , will be presented at 7:30 tonight at a reception on moravian 's priscilla payne hurd campus .

In a `` legal triage , '' they must select those most in immediate need .
in a `` legal triage , '' they must [choose] those most in immediate need .

The informal associations select members at random to return home for periods of service - working as a volunteer mayor , for example , or town clerk .
the informal associations [choose] members at random to return home for periods of service - working as a volunteer mayor , for example , or town clerk .

Under New York 's not-for-profit corporation law , a non-profit can be structured along the lines of a business corporation by creating a class of members , analogous to a business ' shareholders , who run the corporation through their power to select the corporation 's board of directors , explained Sean Delaney , one of the lawyers who worked on the restructuring for LSNY .
under new york 's not-for-profit corporation law , a non-profit can be structured along the lines of a business corporation by creating a class of members , analogous to a business ' shareholders , who run the corporation through their power to [choose] the corporation 's board of directors , explained sean delaney , one of the lawyers who worked on the restructuring for lsny .

For instance , he said , LSNY had agreed to select new members from a slate put together by a local corporation .
for instance , he said , lsny had agreed to [choose] new members from a slate put together by a local corporation .

Thank you for the opportunity to appear before this Select Committee today to discuss one of the most important issues of our time , the reorganization of government agencies and the reorientation of their missions to improve our nation 's ability to better protect our homeland .
thank you for the opportunity to appear before this [choose] committee today to discuss one of the most important issues of our time , the reorganization of government agencies and the reorientation of their missions to improve our nation 's ability to better protect our homeland .

Both the House and the Senate have worked diligently on these issues and this Select Committee is now deliberating on a variety of proposals and issues raised by House committees and subcommittees .
both the house and the senate have worked diligently on these issues and this [choose] committee is now deliberating on a variety of proposals and issues raised by house committees and subcommittees .

Statement of Governor Tom Ridge on the Department of Homeland Security to the House Select Committee on Homeland Security , July 15 , 2002 .
statement of governor tom ridge on the department of homeland security to the house [choose] committee on homeland security , july 15 , 2002 .

I would be pleased to respond to any questions that you or members of the Select Committee may have at this time .
i would be pleased to respond to any questions that you or members of the [choose] committee may have at this time .

In addition , to foster a results-oriented culture in federal agencies , the Congress is considering legislative proposals to , among other things , focus attention on the impact poor performance can have on the effectiveness of an organization and require agencies to have a chief human capital officer to select , develop , and manage a productive , high-quality workforce .
in addition , to foster a results-oriented culture in federal agencies , the congress is considering legislative proposals to , among other things , focus attention on the impact poor performance can have on the effectiveness of an organization and require agencies to have a chief human capital officer to [choose] , develop , and manage a productive , high-quality workforce .

To have GAO e-mail this list to you every afternoon , go to www.gao.govand select `` Subscribe to daily E-mail alert for newly released products '' under the GAO Reports heading .
to have gao e-mail this list to you every afternoon , go to www.gao.govand [choose] `` subscribe to daily e-mail alert for newly released products '' under the gao reports heading .

For more information on the criteria we used to select these organizations , see appendix I .
for more information on the criteria we used to [choose] these organizations , see appendix i .

In addition , we attempted to select organizations from a variety of business sectors to gain a broad perspective on the information security practices being employed .
in addition , we attempted to [choose] organizations from a variety of business sectors to gain a broad perspective on the information security practices being employed .

By analyzing the gap between where they are and where they need to be to achieve desired outcomes , management can target those processes that are in most need of improvement , set realistic improvement goals , and select an appropriate process improvement technique.22 One technique these organizations used is benchmarking-comparing their processes with those of private and public organizations that are thought to be the best in their fields .
by analyzing the gap between where they are and where they need to be to achieve desired outcomes , management can target those processes that are in most need of improvement , set realistic improvement goals , and [choose] an appropriate process improvement technique.22 one technique these organizations used is benchmarking-comparing their processes with those of private and public organizations that are thought to be the best in their fields .

Under GPRA , OMB was required to select agencies to pilot GPRA performance planning and reporting 23Financial Management : Continued Momentum Essential to Achieve CFO Act Goals ( GAO/T-AIMD-96-10 , Dec. 14 , 1995 ) .
under gpra , omb was required to [choose] agencies to pilot gpra performance planning and reporting 23financial management : continued momentum essential to achieve cfo act goals ( gao/t-aimd-96-10 , dec. 14 , 1995 ) .

OMB also is required to select at least five agencies from among the initial pilot agencies to pilot Page 49 GAO/GGD-96-118 Government Performance and Results Act managerial accountability and flexibility for fiscal years 1995 and 1996 ; however , as of June 1996 it had not done so .
omb also is required to [choose] at least five agencies from among the initial pilot agencies to pilot page 49 gao/ggd-96-118 government performance and results act managerial accountability and flexibility for fiscal years 1995 and 1996 ; however , as of june 1996 it had not done so .

Finally , GPRA requires OMB to select at least five agencies , at least three of which have had experience developing performance plans during the initial GPRA pilot phase , to test performance budgeting for fiscal years 1998 and 1999 .
finally , gpra requires omb to [choose] at least five agencies , at least three of which have had experience developing performance plans during the initial gpra pilot phase , to test performance budgeting for fiscal years 1998 and 1999 .

To have GAO e-mail this list to you every afternoon , go to www.gao.gov and select `` Subscribe to daily E-mail alert for newly released products '' under the GAO Reports heading .
to have gao e-mail this list to you every afternoon , go to www.gao.gov and [choose] `` subscribe to daily e-mail alert for newly released products '' under the gao reports heading .

To have GAO e-mail this list to you every afternoon , go to www.gao.govand select `` Subscribe to daily E-mail alert for newly released products '' under the GAO Reports heading .
to have gao e-mail this list to you every afternoon , go to www.gao.govand [choose] `` subscribe to daily e-mail alert for newly released products '' under the gao reports heading .

Through analysis , the plan must develop and identify a tolerable error rate ( the point at which , or below which , savings should occur ) , the number of vouchers to select for examination , and the selection method .
through analysis , the plan must develop and identify a tolerable error rate ( the point at which , or below which , savings should occur ) , the number of vouchers to [choose] for examination , and the selection method .

To have GAO e-mail this list to you every afternoon , go to www.gao.govand select `` Subscribe to daily E-mail alert for newly released products '' under the GAO Reports heading .
to have gao e-mail this list to you every afternoon , go to www.gao.govand [choose] `` subscribe to daily e-mail alert for newly released products '' under the gao reports heading .

In addition , we attempted to select organizations from a variety of business sectors to gain a broad perspective on the information security practices being employed .
in addition , we attempted to [choose] organizations from a variety of business sectors to gain a broad perspective on the information security practices being employed .

In discussing GAO 's contributions and accomplishments , it is important that we engage in a select amount of research and development work to ensure that GAO can meet the institutional needs of the Congress over the long term .
in discussing gao 's contributions and accomplishments , it is important that we engage in a [choose] amount of research and development work to ensure that gao can meet the institutional needs of the congress over the long term .

However , it was not immediately apparent how to locate that page from the HHS home page ; the user had to click on `` HHS Agencies '' and , at the ACF web page , use a `` dropdown menu '' entitled `` Select a Topic '' within which the `` Regulations Currently Open for Comment '' page is located .
however , it was not immediately apparent how to locate that page from the hhs home page ; the user had to click on `` hhs agencies '' and , at the acf web page , use a `` dropdown menu '' entitled `` [choose] a topic '' within which the `` regulations currently open for comment '' page is located .

If Congress and the executive branch decide to move forward with the COO approach , it may make sense to use a pilot in a select number of agencies using a value and risk-based approach .
if congress and the executive branch decide to move forward with the coo approach , it may make sense to use a pilot in a [choose] number of agencies using a value and risk-based approach .

Approaching the acquisition this way will lessen , but not eliminate , the risk that an agency may select an alternative that does not fully meet user requirements or that is unnecessarily complex and expensive .
approaching the acquisition this way will lessen , but not eliminate , the risk that an agency may [choose] an alternative that does not fully meet user requirements or that is unnecessarily complex and expensive .

The plan also specifies the type of contract that will be awarded , how the agency will select a contractor , cost and schedule goals , milestones , significant risk areas , and contract management controls .
the plan also specifies the type of contract that will be awarded , how the agency will [choose] a contractor , cost and schedule goals , milestones , significant risk areas , and contract management controls .

Section M explains how the agency intends to select a winning contractor by describing the importance of all factors to be considered in evaluating proposals .
section m explains how the agency intends to [choose] a winning contractor by describing the importance of all factors to be considered in evaluating proposals .

For a second example , if we were asked to study the safety of nuclear plants in general , we might select as our method a survey of self-reported compliance with safeguards in all existing plants .
for a second example , if we were asked to study the safety of nuclear plants in general , we might [choose] as our method a survey of self-reported compliance with safeguards in all existing plants .

For example , to answer a question about how programs to serve handicapped children are working , we might select the cases of preschool and elementary programs ; we might further select within preschool programs , those for the hearing impaired and those for the orthopedically impaired .
for example , to answer a question about how programs to serve handicapped children are working , we might [choose] the cases of preschool and elementary programs ; we might further [choose] within preschool programs , those for the hearing impaired and those for the orthopedically impaired .

Here we might select numbers 1 ( San Diego , 800 beds ) , 6 ( Clearwater , 300 beds ) , and 10 ( Salinas , 100 beds ) .
here we might [choose] numbers 1 ( san diego , 800 beds ) , 6 ( clearwater , 300 beds ) , and 10 ( salinas , 100 beds ) .

For readers who want to check out their skills in applying different types of purposive selection , appendix II gives information for a job involving the 50 states ( a fairly common situation for GAO ) , a form for indicating which you would select for each of the seven kinds of purposive selection , and our answers , for comparison against yours .
for readers who want to check out their skills in applying different types of purposive selection , appendix ii gives information for a job involving the 50 states ( a fairly common situation for gao ) , a form for indicating which you would [choose] for each of the seven kinds of purposive selection , and our answers , for comparison against yours .

Where considerable diversity exists , it may not be possible to select a `` typical '' site , and the diversity may be so great that to represent it adequately would require more case studies than most people would want to read for illustrative purposes .
where considerable diversity exists , it may not be possible to [choose] a `` typical '' site , and the diversity may be so great that to represent it adequately would require more case studies than most people would want to read for illustrative purposes .

The example was contrived to illustrate exactly this point : that sometimes we can not select a site that fits our needs and thus the method is not appropriate .
the example was contrived to illustrate exactly this point : that sometimes we can not [choose] a site that fits our needs and thus the method is not appropriate .

Functions Where considerable uncertainty exists about program operations , goals , and results , exploratory case studies help identify questions , select important measurement constructs , develop actual measures for these , which can be used later in larger-scale tests ; formulate expectations ; safeguard investment in larger studies ( for problems or programs that are not well-developed ) Design features Site selected : needs at least one site that represents each important variation to make a convenience sample acceptable ; number of cases sufficient to cover diversity ; data focus on program operations and on-site observation , are not longitudinal but need enough time to find out what is going on ; analysis is closely concurrent with field work but does not require strong chain of evidence or audit trail ; reports are usually internal or parts of larger , longer reports Pitfalls Temptation to prolong the exploratory phase ; site selection only for convenience , inadequate coverage of diversity ; prematurity -exploratory findings released as conclusions ; over-involvement in evaluator 's own hunches so that initial findings are confirmed rather than tested Some of our scoping work already may involve exploratory case studies .
functions where considerable uncertainty exists about program operations , goals , and results , exploratory case studies help identify questions , [choose] important measurement constructs , develop actual measures for these , which can be used later in larger-scale tests ; formulate expectations ; safeguard investment in larger studies ( for problems or programs that are not well-developed ) design features site selected : needs at least one site that represents each important variation to make a convenience sample acceptable ; number of cases sufficient to cover diversity ; data focus on program operations and on-site observation , are not longitudinal but need enough time to find out what is going on ; analysis is closely concurrent with field work but does not require strong chain of evidence or audit trail ; reports are usually internal or parts of larger , longer reports pitfalls temptation to prolong the exploratory phase ; site selection only for convenience , inadequate coverage of diversity ; prematurity -exploratory findings released as conclusions ; over-involvement in evaluator 's own hunches so that initial findings are confirmed rather than tested some of our scoping work already may involve exploratory case studies .

Exploratory analyses of large data bases are often used to select a smaller number of variables for additional testing , on the basis of interesting patterns that emerged from various combinations of the elements of the large data base .
exploratory analyses of large data bases are often used to [choose] a smaller number of variables for additional testing , on the basis of interesting patterns that emerged from various combinations of the elements of the large data base .

While it might be possible , given the data in table II.1 , Question 2 to select states on six of the seven purposive bases , would the evaluation question itself present a situation in which we would want to consider case studies at all ?
while it might be possible , given the data in table ii.1 , question 2 to [choose] states on six of the seven purposive bases , would the evaluation question itself present a situation in which we would want to consider case studies at all ?

The following is an outline of the strategies that senior executives in these organizations use to determine the types of CIOs they need , select individuals to carry out these roles , and position them as effective and influential members of the senior executive decision-making team .
the following is an outline of the strategies that senior executives in these organizations use to determine the types of cios they need , [choose] individuals to carry out these roles , and position them as effective and influential members of the senior executive decision-making team .

Following the approach of these earlier assessments , along with the results of the Base Estimate , we present various sensitivity analyses on the Base Estimate that alter select subsets of variables ; these sensitivity analyses yield results as much as 42 percent lower to over 180 percent higher .
following the approach of these earlier assessments , along with the results of the base estimate , we present various sensitivity analyses on the base estimate that alter [choose] subsets of variables ; these sensitivity analyses yield results as much as 42 percent lower to over 180 percent higher .

In a competitive environment , it might not be left with police powers and the right to select those activities in the crime area that would give it a competitive advantage .
in a competitive environment , it might not be left with police powers and the right to [choose] those activities in the crime area that would give it a competitive advantage .

Under current conventions the Postal Service sets prices for whole subclasses and can not select specific customers for surcharges or discounts .
under current conventions the postal service sets prices for whole subclasses and can not [choose] specific customers for surcharges or discounts .

The first step is to select a range of discounts from 1¢ to 11¢ .
the first step is to [choose] a range of discounts from 1¢ to 11¢ .

Short of that , the preference would be to select D , express Pb in terms of D and Pws , and then express Pws in terms of the desired net revenue ( taken to be the same as the net revenue at the base position- hence breakeven ) .
short of that , the preference would be to [choose] d , express pb in terms of d and pws , and then express pws in terms of the desired net revenue ( taken to be the same as the net revenue at the base position- hence breakeven ) .

In the alternative , the procedure adopted was to select D , express Pb in terms of D and Pws , and to use the backsolver routine provided in Lotus 1-2-3 to hunt for the value of Pws that yields breakeven .
in the alternative , the procedure adopted was to [choose] d , express pb in terms of d and pws , and to use the backsolver routine provided in lotus 1-2-3 to hunt for the value of pws that yields breakeven .

KSM told him to ask Atta to select a date for the attacks .
ksm told him to ask atta to [choose] a date for the attacks .

Atta told Binalshibh he wanted to select planes departing on long flights because they would be full of fuel , and that he wanted to hijack Boeing aircraft because he believed them easier to fly than Airbus aircraft , which he understood had an autopilot feature that did not allow them to be crashed into the ground .
atta told binalshibh he wanted to [choose] planes departing on long flights because they would be full of fuel , and that he wanted to hijack boeing aircraft because he believed them easier to fly than airbus aircraft , which he understood had an autopilot feature that did not allow them to be crashed into the ground .

On August 23 , Atta again flew to Newark , probably to meet with Hazmi and select flights .
on august 23 , atta again flew to newark , probably to meet with hazmi and [choose] flights .

Select Port Authority employees were designated to assist with the transition .
[choose] port authority employees were designated to assist with the transition .

Zuhair al Thubaiti : He has reportedly admitted membership in al Qaeda , stating `` proudly '' that he was among a select number of operatives who had the personal endorsement of Bin Ladin .
zuhair al thubaiti : he has reportedly admitted membership in al qaeda , stating `` proudly '' that he was among a [choose] number of operatives who had the personal endorsement of bin ladin .

Testimony of George Tenet , `` The Worldwide Threat 2004 : Challenges in a Changing Global Context , '' before the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence , Feb. 24 , 2004 .
testimony of george tenet , `` the worldwide threat 2004 : challenges in a changing global context , '' before the senate [choose] committee on intelligence , feb. 24 , 2004 .

In that process , the Senate Armed Services Committee reviews the bill passed by the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence before the bill is brought before the full Senate for consideration .
in that process , the senate armed services committee reviews the bill passed by the senate [choose] committee on intelligence before the bill is brought before the full senate for consideration .

Although some members of the House sought the creation of a Select Committee on Terrorism in the beginning of 2001 , the Speaker asked the intelligence ccommittee to set up a terrorism working group instead .
although some members of the house sought the creation of a [choose] committee on terrorism in the beginning of 2001 , the speaker asked the intelligence ccommittee to set up a terrorism working group instead .

Though the intelligence oversight panels ' work was largely secret , the intelligence community 's annual worldwide threat testimony before the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence was public testimony ( typically followed by a closed session ) .
though the intelligence oversight panels ' work was largely secret , the intelligence community 's annual worldwide threat testimony before the senate [choose] committee on intelligence was public testimony ( typically followed by a closed session ) .

CIA talking points , information on Bin Ladin for the DCI 's Sept. 2 , 1998 , briefing to the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence , Sept. 2 , 1998 .
cia talking points , information on bin ladin for the dci 's sept. 2 , 1998 , briefing to the senate [choose] committee on intelligence , sept. 2 , 1998 .

Testimony of George Tenet before the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence , July 22 , 1999 .
testimony of george tenet before the house permanent [choose] committee on intelligence , july 22 , 1999 .

In 1977 , the House and Senate created select committees to exercise oversight of the executive branch 's conduct of intelligence operations .
in 1977 , the house and senate created [choose] committees to exercise oversight of the executive branch 's conduct of intelligence operations .

The Intelligence Committees The House and Senate select committees on intelligence share some important characteristics .
the intelligence committees the house and senate [choose] committees on intelligence share some important characteristics .

These reforms occurred only after the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence took the unprecedented step of threatening to bring down the defense authorization bill .
these reforms occurred only after the senate [choose] committee on intelligence took the unprecedented step of threatening to bring down the defense authorization bill .

The Senate Select Committee on Intelligence , in addition to its annual worldwide threat hearing , held eight ; its House counterpart held perhaps two exclusively devoted to counterterrorism , plus the briefings by its terrorist working group .
the senate [choose] committee on intelligence , in addition to its annual worldwide threat hearing , held eight ; its house counterpart held perhaps two exclusively devoted to counterterrorism , plus the briefings by its terrorist working group .

In preparation for briefing the Senate RESPONSES TO AL QAEDA 'S INITIAL ASSAULTS 127 Select Committee on Intelligence on September 2 , Tenet was told that the intelligence community knew more about Bin Ladin 's network '' than about any other top tier terrorist organization . ''
in preparation for briefing the senate responses to al qaeda 's initial assaults 127 [choose] committee on intelligence on september 2 , tenet was told that the intelligence community knew more about bin ladin 's network '' than about any other top tier terrorist organization . ''

Because the amount of reporting is so voluminous , only a select fraction can be chosen for briefing the president and senior officials .
because the amount of reporting is so voluminous , only a [choose] fraction can be chosen for briefing the president and senior officials .

The one attempt to consolidate such committee authority , the House Select Committee on Homeland Security , may be eliminated .
the one attempt to consolidate such committee authority , the house [choose] committee on homeland security , may be eliminated .

Testimony of Dale Watson before the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence , Feb. 9 , 2000 , p. 4 ; Miller , `` Holy Warriors , '' Jan. 15 , 2001 .
testimony of dale watson before the senate [choose] committee on intelligence , feb. 9 , 2000 , p. 4 ; miller , `` holy warriors , '' jan. 15 , 2001 .

Testimony of Dale Watson before the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence , Feb. 9 , 2000 , pp .
testimony of dale watson before the senate [choose] committee on intelligence , feb. 9 , 2000 , pp .

See Testimony of Dale Watson before the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence , Feb. 9 , 2000 , pp .
see testimony of dale watson before the senate [choose] committee on intelligence , feb. 9 , 2000 , pp .

Our investigation built on the work of many others , including the Joint Inquiry of the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence and the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence into Intelligence Community Activities Before and After theTerrorist Attacks of September 11,2001 , which we refer to as the `` Joint Inquiry . ''
our investigation built on the work of many others , including the joint inquiry of the senate [choose] committee on intelligence and the house permanent [choose] committee on intelligence into intelligence community activities before and after theterrorist attacks of september 11,2001 , which we refer to as the `` joint inquiry . ''

We cite as `` Joint Inquiry report , Dec. 2002 '' the Report of the U.S. Senate Select Committee on Intelligence and U.S. House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence , S. Rep. No .
we cite as `` joint inquiry report , dec. 2002 '' the report of the u.s. senate [choose] committee on intelligence and u.s. house permanent [choose] committee on intelligence , s. rep. no .

The U.S. government should identify and evaluate the transportation assets that need to be protected , set risk-based priorities for defending them , select the most practical and cost-effective ways of doing so , and then develop a plan , budget , and funding to implement the effort .
the u.s. government should identify and evaluate the transportation assets that need to be protected , set risk-based priorities for defending them , [choose] the most practical and cost-effective ways of doing so , and then develop a plan , budget , and funding to implement the effort .

The carbon chain of the polyketide would be assembled and modified progressively as the molecule moved along the protein , interacting with each domain in turn , which would select extender units , make carbon–carbon bonds , and modify keto groups as appropriate , depending on the presence or absence of domains for the three steps in the reductive cycle .
the carbon chain of the polyketide would be assembled and modified progressively as the molecule moved along the protein , interacting with each domain in turn , which would [choose] extender units , make carbon–carbon bonds , and modify keto groups as appropriate , depending on the presence or absence of domains for the three steps in the reductive cycle .

I designed a reversal task in which the subject 's overall goal was to keep track of the mood of two people presented in a pair and , as much as possible , to select the ‘ happy ’ person , who would then smile .
i designed a reversal task in which the subject 's overall goal was to keep track of the mood of two people presented in a pair and , as much as possible , to [choose] the ‘ happy ’ person , who would then smile .

Animals build nests , burrows , and protective cases and so alter the environment they experience in a way that may select for further adaptations .
animals build nests , burrows , and protective cases and so alter the environment they experience in a way that may [choose] for further adaptations .

Gordon also envisages a device he calls a compustat , which would be used to select diatoms for a specific purpose .
gordon also envisages a device he calls a compustat , which would be used to [choose] diatoms for a specific purpose .

By enabling the community to join in this effort , we would also demonstrate that science really is the collaborative enterprise that requires all of our contributions , not just a select few .
by enabling the community to join in this effort , we would also demonstrate that science really is the collaborative enterprise that requires all of our contributions , not just a [choose] few .

Academic and professional editors , supported by expert peer-reviewers , will select those studies that drive research forward—in this case , toward medical applications and benefits for patients .
academic and professional editors , supported by expert peer-reviewers , will [choose] those studies that drive research forward—in this case , toward medical applications and benefits for patients .

Curators—The Gold Standard Hand-curated data is precise , because the curator is trained to inspect literature and databases , select only high-quality data , and reformat the facts according to the schema of the database .
curators—the gold standard hand-curated data is precise , because the curator is trained to inspect literature and databases , [choose] only high-quality data , and reformat the facts according to the schema of the database .

In addition , curators select citations from the text as evidence for the identified fact , and those citations are also added to the database .
in addition , curators [choose] citations from the text as evidence for the identified fact , and those citations are also added to the database .

Depending on the curation task , it might therefore be advantageous to select only part of the terminological resources and thus restrict the domain of the terminology to the curators ' needs ( Figure 3 ) .
depending on the curation task , it might therefore be advantageous to [choose] only part of the terminological resources and thus restrict the domain of the terminology to the curators ' needs ( figure 3 ) .

For example , in 2002 , the participants in the Knowledge Discovery and Data-Mining Challenge Cup ( www.cs.cornell.edu/projects/kddcup/ ) had to select documents from a given corpus that contained relevant experimental results about Drosophila [ 20 ] .
for example , in 2002 , the participants in the knowledge discovery and data-mining challenge cup ( www.cs.cornell.edu/projects/kddcup/ ) had to [choose] documents from a given corpus that contained relevant experimental results about drosophila [ 20 ] .

Briefly , lung leukocytes were labeled with paramagnetic bead-conjugated anti-CD3 , -CD19 , and -CD56 to positively select T , B , and NK cells , according to the manufacturer 's instructions .
briefly , lung leukocytes were labeled with paramagnetic bead-conjugated anti-cd3 , -cd19 , and -cd56 to positively [choose] t , b , and nk cells , according to the manufacturer 's instructions .

At high-impact journals such as PLoS Medicine , we see it as our job to select important articles .
at high-impact journals such as plos medicine , we see it as our job to [choose] important articles .

Most importantly , a large region flanking the KO gene remains of 129 origin , unless extreme measures are taken to select for recombination between tightly linked markers .
most importantly , a large region flanking the ko gene remains of 129 origin , unless extreme measures are taken to [choose] for recombination between tightly linked markers .

Information about DNA markers linked to QTLs represents a powerful diagnostic tool that enables a breeder to select for specific introgressions of interest , a technique referred to as “ marker-assisted selection. ” This approach has proven to be extremely successful in several crop species ( tomato [ Bernacchi et al .
information about dna markers linked to qtls represents a powerful diagnostic tool that enables a breeder to [choose] for specific introgressions of interest , a technique referred to as “ marker-assisted selection. ” this approach has proven to be extremely successful in several crop species ( tomato [ bernacchi et al .

In the same way that programmers find bugs and write patches , biologists look for proteins ( “ targets ” ) and select chemicals ( “ drug candidates ” ) that bind to them and affect their behavior in desirable ways .
in the same way that programmers find bugs and write patches , biologists look for proteins ( “ targets ” ) and [choose] chemicals ( “ drug candidates ” ) that bind to them and affect their behavior in desirable ways .

Faculty members select outstanding students in each area to receive funds that come from annual donations and the interest from endowed scholarships .
faculty members [choose] outstanding students in each area to receive funds that come from annual donations and the interest from endowed scholarships .

Already the IMA has joined the select ranks of American museums with major collections of paintings from Japan 's celebrated Edo period .
already the ima has joined the [choose] ranks of american museums with major collections of paintings from japan 's celebrated edo period .

As an Inner Circle member you will receive select seating during the Convention , and special invitations to dinners , receptions and activities throughout the week .
as an inner circle member you will receive [choose] seating during the convention , and special invitations to dinners , receptions and activities throughout the week .

As an added thank you from the Society , select a complimentary book or cassette with your $ 50 sustaining membership or with your $ 30 annual membership .
as an added thank you from the society , [choose] a complimentary book or cassette with your $ 50 sustaining membership or with your $ 30 annual membership .

Remember , whether you are joining for yourself or someone else , be sure to select your free book or cassette as our thank you for joining the Society .
remember , whether you are joining for yourself or someone else , be sure to [choose] your free book or cassette as our thank you for joining the society .

Take advantage of offers on select Audubon products .
take advantage of offers on [choose] audubon products .

Already the IMA has joined the select ranks of American museums with major collections of paintings from Japan 's celebrated Edo period .
already the ima has joined the [choose] ranks of american museums with major collections of paintings from japan 's celebrated edo period .

It must take active work to look at the tree : the reception of minimal sensory input is necessary not sufficient by itself to arouse attention , our eye-brain-minds select which datum is to be enriched through concentration .
it must take active work to look at the tree : the reception of minimal sensory input is necessary not sufficient by itself to arouse attention , our eye-brain-minds [choose] which datum is to be enriched through concentration .

In its Thursday edition , the Herald led with a revelation that Australian military officers working as U.N. arms inspectors in Baghdad had placed and operated spying devices that were later used by the U.S. to select targets for Operation Desert Fox .
in its thursday edition , the herald led with a revelation that australian military officers working as u.n. arms inspectors in baghdad had placed and operated spying devices that were later used by the u.s. to [choose] targets for operation desert fox .

You can select and delete all the articles you do n't want and print the whole remaining document .
you can [choose] and delete all the articles you do n't want and print the whole remaining document .

Try this : Select a department you want to print ( it ca n't be the first one , Today 's Papers , for some damned reason ) and hit the `` Create Subdocument '' toolbar icon .
try this : [choose] a department you want to print ( it ca n't be the first one , today 's papers , for some damned reason ) and hit the `` create subdocument '' toolbar icon .

If the Kinsley Doctrine is that a client can only select a lawyer who honestly believes in the legal arguments of the client , then Bill Clinton would n't have any lawyers .
if the kinsley doctrine is that a client can only [choose] a lawyer who honestly believes in the legal arguments of the client , then bill clinton would n't have any lawyers .

The NYT Magazine cover story frets about a future when parents will select their baby 's gender .
the nyt magazine cover story frets about a future when parents will [choose] their baby 's gender .

You mean , like this : `` Only a select few will receive this exclusive invitation .
you mean , like this : `` only a [choose] few will receive this exclusive invitation .

If you would like to receive an on-line letter from the Governor , type your name , choose a question and select submit ! ''
if you would like to receive an on-line letter from the governor , type your name , choose a question and [choose] submit ! ''

It is a convenient way to select drivers for traffic stops that happens to accord with the racist notions that seem to flourish in law enforcement .
it is a convenient way to [choose] drivers for traffic stops that happens to accord with the racist notions that seem to flourish in law enforcement .

The company provides a free piece of software ( downloadable from its site ) that allows you to select from a handful of `` channels '' ( sports , business , arts and entertainment , etc . ) .
the company provides a free piece of software ( downloadable from its site ) that allows you to [choose] from a handful of `` channels '' ( sports , business , arts and entertainment , etc . ) .

Slate is already part of PointCast , which puts information you select on your screensaver .
slate is already part of pointcast , which puts information you [choose] on your screensaver .

In line with conservative dogma , states would be free to set their own standards and select the tests that they would be obligated to give to every child between grades three and eight , every year , as a condition of receiving federal money .
in line with conservative dogma , states would be free to set their own standards and [choose] the tests that they would be obligated to give to every child between grades three and eight , every year , as a condition of receiving federal money .

I type in my e-mail address , my password , select `` credit card , '' punch my way through about three `` are you really sure ? ''
i type in my e-mail address , my password , [choose] `` credit card , '' punch my way through about three `` are you really sure ? ''

My suspicion is that the absence of private capital proves that stadiums are not a good deal except for the select few on the inside who are subsidized by other people 's money .
my suspicion is that the absence of private capital proves that stadiums are not a good deal except for the [choose] few on the inside who are subsidized by other people 's money .

How will the admissions office select from that group to fill its remaining 1,000 places ?
how will the admissions office [choose] from that group to fill its remaining 1,000 places ?

Prudie 's suggestion would be to wander into a good bookstore , online or actual , and select the most appropriate book by Letitia Baldridge .
prudie 's suggestion would be to wander into a good bookstore , online or actual , and [choose] the most appropriate book by letitia baldridge .

At some point you can select something you will have room for .
at some point you can [choose] something you will have room for .

That 's why I 'm not convinced by Lemann 's concluding section in which he says we should change the way we select our elites .
that 's why i 'm not convinced by lemann 's concluding section in which he says we should change the way we [choose] our elites .

Hanging over the overwrought whole are an overcast sky and an elusive `` wind-up '' bird -- so named for its creeeak , creeeak song , which nauseates and dooms the select few who hear it .
hanging over the overwrought whole are an overcast sky and an elusive `` wind-up '' bird -- so named for its creeeak , creeeak song , which nauseates and dooms the [choose] few who hear it .

According to the Post , the House select group agreed to by Gingrich and Hyde would include Democrats and will probably examine Starr 's evidence at Starr 's office to avoid the leaky consequences of the House of Representatives rule making material in the files of any standing committee available to any member .
according to the post , the house [choose] group agreed to by gingrich and hyde would include democrats and will probably examine starr 's evidence at starr 's office to avoid the leaky consequences of the house of representatives rule making material in the files of any standing committee available to any member .

Artificial insemination would create a rush on sperm from a select few champion stallions .
artificial insemination would create a rush on sperm from a [choose] few champion stallions .

Hamerow is in dubious pursuit of a select circle of absolutely `` good Germans , '' and his emphasis on intentions over outcomes leads to strange choices .
hamerow is in dubious pursuit of a [choose] circle of absolutely `` good germans , '' and his emphasis on intentions over outcomes leads to strange choices .

Individuals would then select the rating system they want , and then their PICS-enabled browser ( as both Netscape and Internet Explorer are just now ) would filter content according to this rating .
individuals would then [choose] the rating system they want , and then their pics-enabled browser ( as both netscape and internet explorer are just now ) would filter content according to this rating .

It ca n't select which questions to ask .
it ca n't [choose] which questions to ask .

The breakthrough came when test designers ( or `` psychometricians , '' as they like to call themselves ) programmed computers to select questions based on your previous answers , just as in `` . ''
the breakthrough came when test designers ( or `` psychometricians , '' as they like to call themselves ) programmed computers to [choose] questions based on your previous answers , just as in `` . ''

Ed and Gaye Wheat , authors of Intended for Pleasure : Sex Technique and Sexual Fulfillment in Christian Marriage , may curiously advise `` taking an acid or alkaline douche just before intercourse '' to select the sex of one 's baby ( they do n't say which douche is for which sex ) , but their overall tone is both practical and sensual .
ed and gaye wheat , authors of intended for pleasure : sex technique and sexual fulfillment in christian marriage , may curiously advise `` taking an acid or alkaline douche just before intercourse '' to [choose] the sex of one 's baby ( they do n't say which douche is for which sex ) , but their overall tone is both practical and sensual .

Sometimes it arises from the nature of the enterprise -- you would n't want to have to have dozens of different telephone lines in your house just so you could connect with all the different phone companies your friends might select .
sometimes it arises from the nature of the enterprise -- you would n't want to have to have dozens of different telephone lines in your house just so you could connect with all the different phone companies your friends might [choose] .

Blair Witch , by contrast , had a strictly limited release , playing to sell-out crowds in big cities in its first week , opening at a few more select theaters in its second week , and expanding to just 1,100 screens in its third .
blair witch , by contrast , had a strictly limited release , playing to sell-out crowds in big cities in its first week , opening at a few more [choose] theaters in its second week , and expanding to just 1,100 screens in its third .

This is the most convenient way to pick a POC : List the top themes of the century , and then select figures who `` embody '' them .
this is the most convenient way to pick a poc : list the top themes of the century , and then [choose] figures who `` embody '' them .

By which I mean : How did we select today 's question ?
by which i mean : how did we [choose] today 's question ?

For answers , turn to the Excite search engine , where , when you enter a phrase , the site automatically suggests `` select words to add to your search . ''
for answers , turn to the excite search engine , where , when you enter a phrase , the site automatically suggests `` [choose] words to add to your search . ''

In the remake , the general staff will arbitrarily select three saps who will be tried and found delightfully not guilty .
in the remake , the general staff will arbitrarily [choose] three saps who will be tried and found delightfully not guilty .

I still had to select my items from lists , and it was good that I generally knew what types of hardware I was running , but it worked .
i still had to [choose] my items from lists , and it was good that i generally knew what types of hardware i was running , but it worked .

A : `` The simple truth is that the procedures range from about $ 4,900 to slightly over $ 6,900 , depending on which procedure or combination of procedures you select .
a : `` the simple truth is that the procedures range from about $ 4,900 to slightly over $ 6,900 , depending on which procedure or combination of procedures you [choose] .

Our young friend should select a particular accent he wishes to emulate .
our young friend should [choose] a particular accent he wishes to emulate .

To select an article in a drop down menu , click on it .
to [choose] an article in a drop down menu , click on it .

However , I am currently limiting my donations to a select few organizations .
however , i am currently limiting my donations to a [choose] few organizations .

The test scores , they say , will be used as an excuse to pour resources into a few select schools , harming the kids left behind .
the test scores , they say , will be used as an excuse to pour resources into a few [choose] schools , harming the kids left behind .

When you select an article , the program will launch your browser and initiate a Web connection .
when you [choose] an article , the program will launch your browser and initiate a web connection .

Certain select weather patterns ( e.g. , sunshine ) will be fee-based , although eight days of balmy weather will come bundled with Office 2000 .
certain [choose] weather patterns ( e.g. , sunshine ) will be fee-based , although eight days of balmy weather will come bundled with office 2000 .

This personal agenda is but one of many treasures to be found in a huge , paperbound tome with the sexless title In the Matter of Representative Newt Gingrich : Exhibits to Draft Report of the Select Committee on Ethics .
this personal agenda is but one of many treasures to be found in a huge , paperbound tome with the sexless title in the matter of representative newt gingrich : exhibits to draft report of the [choose] committee on ethics .

Parents will be able to select from filters endorsed by anyone from the Christian Coalition to the National Education Association .
parents will be able to [choose] from filters endorsed by anyone from the christian coalition to the national education association .

The NYT front says the U.S. government admitted Thursday that a U.S. spy went into Iraq in the guise of a UN weapons inspector and left an eavesdropping device behind that for ten months allowed the U.S. and `` a select elite '' within the UN team to monitor the communications of the officers who protect Saddam Hussein and conceal his weapons of mass destruction .
the nyt front says the u.s. government admitted thursday that a u.s. spy went into iraq in the guise of a un weapons inspector and left an eavesdropping device behind that for ten months allowed the u.s. and `` a [choose] elite '' within the un team to monitor the communications of the officers who protect saddam hussein and conceal his weapons of mass destruction .

You Could Look It Up As everyone in the world must know by now , William Safire writes a column in The New York Times Magazine called “ On Language. ” Considering the circulation of The New York Times on Sundays , his column is probably the most widely read commentary on contemporary English in the world ; that places more than one uncommon burden on a writer : he must do his utmost to be accurate ; he must try to select subjects likely to be of interest to his readers ; and he must write well .
you could look it up as everyone in the world must know by now , william safire writes a column in the new york times magazine called “ on language. ” considering the circulation of the new york times on sundays , his column is probably the most widely read commentary on contemporary english in the world ; that places more than one uncommon burden on a writer : he must do his utmost to be accurate ; he must try to [choose] subjects likely to be of interest to his readers ; and he must write well .

To locate meant , similarly , to allocate ( a parcel of land ) , to settle ( oneself ) on a piece of land , or to select ( a piece of land ) .
to locate meant , similarly , to allocate ( a parcel of land ) , to settle ( oneself ) on a piece of land , or to [choose] ( a piece of land ) .

Each January , a Committee consisting of the three past-presidents of EURALEX ( the European Association for Lexicography ) select one or more successful applicants from among EURALEX members to receive the award of ¥1500 ( between $ 2500 and $ 3000 ) .
each january , a committee consisting of the three past-presidents of euralex ( the european association for lexicography ) [choose] one or more successful applicants from among euralex members to receive the award of ¥1500 ( between $ 2500 and $ 3000 ) .

Since the original list is so long , I 've extracted a select number of names in the health professions only , as listed in the publications that have passed over my desk -- a tribute to my employer , a famous medical publishing firm .
since the original list is so long , i 've extracted a [choose] number of names in the health professions only , as listed in the publications that have passed over my desk -- a tribute to my employer , a famous medical publishing firm .

To make the Verbal Analogy , select the appropriate term or description from among the Answers provided .
to make the verbal analogy , [choose] the appropriate term or description from among the answers provided .

Because people prefer some wines to others and because many of the words are value-laden , subjects who like a wine used terms to describe it that differed from the words of those who did not like it : a subject who liked a light wine would not select a negative term like thin .
because people prefer some wines to others and because many of the words are value-laden , subjects who like a wine used terms to describe it that differed from the words of those who did not like it : a subject who liked a light wine would not [choose] a negative term like thin .

Does the cross-talk in the birthday-surprise announcement derive from the select audience , who knows that the speaker is sabotaging his meaning ?
does the cross-talk in the birthday-surprise announcement derive from the [choose] audience , who knows that the speaker is sabotaging his meaning ?

At that time owners of the American League Cleveland Naps , faced with the defection to Philadelphia of the team 's inspirational player-manager , the eponymous Napoleon “ Nap ” Lajoie , held a city-wide contest to select a new nickname .
at that time owners of the american league cleveland naps , faced with the defection to philadelphia of the team 's inspirational player-manager , the eponymous napoleon “ nap ” lajoie , held a city-wide contest to [choose] a new nickname .

To gain access to much of the material presented one would have to ransack innumerable recondite sources ; certainly , it would be difficult to select and organize it so effectively and palatably .
to gain access to much of the material presented one would have to ransack innumerable recondite sources ; certainly , it would be difficult to [choose] and organize it so effectively and palatably .

Select is the narrator in his use of such suspensions that the simple variation of the placement of a clause in two otherwise almost identical statements can be momentous .
[choose] is the narrator in his use of such suspensions that the simple variation of the placement of a clause in two otherwise almost identical statements can be momentous .

Today , many professional lexicographers are seen to have axes to grind ( because they work for competing publishers ) and editors are reluctant to select them as reviewers because , for obvious reasons , they are seeking to publish unbiased reviews .
today , many professional lexicographers are seen to have axes to grind ( because they work for competing publishers ) and editors are reluctant to [choose] them as reviewers because , for obvious reasons , they are seeking to publish unbiased reviews .

The same editors do not select ordinary readers to review novels , they pick other novelists or professional literary critics , in other words , reviewers who are competent to assess the work because they have a broad background in the literature and are recognized as knowledgeable about the genre .
the same editors do not [choose] ordinary readers to review novels , they pick other novelists or professional literary critics , in other words , reviewers who are competent to assess the work because they have a broad background in the literature and are recognized as knowledgeable about the genre .

