The selection had been expected .
the [choice] had been expected .

The `` pocket-size '' company set records with $2,170 in sales of its products , a selection of barbecue spices , and paid stockholders a 20 per cent dividend on their investment .
the `` pocket-size '' company set records with $2,170 in sales of its products , a [choice] of barbecue spices , and paid stockholders a 20 per cent dividend on their investment .

U.S. Attorney Macon Weaver said the federal complaint , charged that the juror gave false information when asked about Ku Klux Klan membership during selection of jury .
u.s. attorney macon weaver said the federal complaint , charged that the juror gave false information when asked about ku klux klan membership during [choice] of jury .

Headquarters has also set up a central juvenile book-review and book-selection center , to provide better methods of purchasing and selection .
headquarters has also set up a central juvenile book-review and book-selection center , to provide better methods of purchasing and [choice] .

For this latest addition to the Great Letters Series , under the general editorship of Louis Kronenberger , Miss Hardwick has made a selection which admirably displays the variety of James's genius , not to mention the felicities of his style .
for this latest addition to the great letters series , under the general editorship of louis kronenberger , miss hardwick has made a [choice] which admirably displays the variety of james's genius , not to mention the felicities of his style .

About all that remains to be said is that the present selection , most of which appeared first in The New Yorker , comprises ( as usual ) a slightly unstrung necklace , held together by little more than a slender thread cunningly inserted in the spine of the book .
about all that remains to be said is that the present [choice] , most of which appeared first in the new yorker , comprises ( as usual ) a slightly unstrung necklace , held together by little more than a slender thread cunningly inserted in the spine of the book .

For almost one-sixth of the national population discrimination in the free selection of residence casts a considerable shadow upon these values assumed as self-evident by most Americans .
for almost one-sixth of the national population discrimination in the free [choice] of residence casts a considerable shadow upon these values assumed as self-evident by most americans .

A back-yard picnic with grilled frankfurters and a selection of frankfurter trimmings is a fine way to entertain guests this summer .
a back-yard picnic with grilled frankfurters and a [choice] of frankfurter trimmings is a fine way to entertain guests this summer .

This is particularly true in site selection .
this is particularly true in site [choice] .

The quantity and quality of water sources is often a big factor in site selection .
the quantity and quality of water sources is often a big factor in site [choice] .

The selection of materials depends on skills of available labor for installation , cost of materials available locally , and your own preference .
the [choice] of materials depends on skills of available labor for installation , cost of materials available locally , and your own preference .

Has your company developed selection and training processes that are geared to providing the caliber of salesmen you will need in the next 10 yrs. ? ?
has your company developed [choice] and training processes that are geared to providing the caliber of salesmen you will need in the next 10 yrs. ? ?

There is a fairly wide selection of models of English , German and French manufacture from which you can choose from the very small Austin 7 , Citroen 2 CV , Volkswagens , Renaults to the 6-passenger Simca Beaulieu .
there is a fairly wide [choice] of models of english , german and french manufacture from which you can choose from the very small austin 7 , citroen 2 cv , volkswagens , renaults to the 6-passenger simca beaulieu .

You will come to Alemagna , a delightful , though moderately expensive restaurant , which is particularly noted for its exceptional selection of ice creams and patisseries .
you will come to alemagna , a delightful , though moderately expensive restaurant , which is particularly noted for its exceptional [choice] of ice creams and patisseries .

Wright set his loss at $200,000 , a figure perhaps justified by the unique character of the house that had been ruined , and the faultless taste that had gone into the selection of the prints and other things that were destroyed .
wright set his loss at $200,000 , a figure perhaps justified by the unique character of the house that had been ruined , and the faultless taste that had gone into the [choice] of the prints and other things that were destroyed .

The selection of the wrong tools can mean waste , at best , and at worst an unwanted inflammation of the problem itself .
the [choice] of the wrong tools can mean waste , at best , and at worst an unwanted inflammation of the problem itself .

For the making of selections on the basis of excellence requires that any foundation making the selections shall have available the judgments of a corps of advisors whose judgments are known to be good : such judgments can be known to be good only by the records of those selected , by records made subsequent to their selection over considerable periods of time .
for the making of selections on the basis of excellence requires that any foundation making the selections shall have available the judgments of a corps of advisors whose judgments are known to be good : such judgments can be known to be good only by the records of those selected , by records made subsequent to their [choice] over considerable periods of time .

That we had the wit and wisdom to adopt Mr. Lowell's concept and make it the base for our processes of selection is one reason why our selections have been , it may be said truly , pretty uniformly good .
that we had the wit and wisdom to adopt mr. lowell's concept and make it the base for our processes of [choice] is one reason why our selections have been , it may be said truly , pretty uniformly good .

Two committees of members of the Advisory Board constitute the committees of selection -- one for the selection of Fellows from Canada , the United States , and the English-speaking Caribbean area and one for the selection of Fellows from the Latin American republics and the Republic of the Philippines .
two committees of members of the advisory board constitute the committees of [choice] -- one for the [choice] of fellows from canada , the united states , and the english-speaking caribbean area and one for the [choice] of fellows from the latin american republics and the republic of the philippines .

To the members of our Advisory Board , and most specially to its members who constitute our committees of selection , the Foundation is indebted for its successes of choice of Fellows .
to the members of our advisory board , and most specially to its members who constitute our committees of [choice] , the foundation is indebted for its successes of choice of fellows .

There is a broad spectrum of organisms from which selection for a specified military purpose might be made .
there is a broad spectrum of organisms from which [choice] for a specified military purpose might be made .

It may be assumed that differences in ratings due to selection of growth centers from specific regions of the body will be small , according to existing tables of onset age and completion age for centers throughout the body .
it may be assumed that differences in ratings due to [choice] of growth centers from specific regions of the body will be small , according to existing tables of onset age and completion age for centers throughout the body .

The elements and processes become evident in a study of mate selection in this population .
the elements and processes become evident in a study of mate [choice] in this population .

There is some indication from a limited number of interviews with members of the population that the element of power , primarily the voluntary influence of non-authoritative power , has been exerted on actors in the system , particularly in regard to mate selection .
there is some indication from a limited number of interviews with members of the population that the element of power , primarily the voluntary influence of non-authoritative power , has been exerted on actors in the system , particularly in regard to mate [choice] .

In order to attain the goal of group solidarity and to relieve tension , the high fertility rate provides more group members for mate selection , and the clustering of members in groups fosters acceptance of group controls .
in order to attain the goal of group solidarity and to relieve tension , the high fertility rate provides more group members for mate [choice] , and the clustering of members in groups fosters acceptance of group controls .

Group pressures toward conformity are slight or non-existent , and deviant behavior in mate selection incurs few if any social sanctions .
group pressures toward conformity are slight or non-existent , and deviant behavior in mate [choice] incurs few if any social sanctions .

In such a setting social contacts and associations are likely to be heterogamous , resulting in a change of values and , almost necessarily , in mate selection behavior .
in such a setting social contacts and associations are likely to be heterogamous , resulting in a change of values and , almost necessarily , in mate [choice] behavior .

For purposes of sample selection only ( individual tests were given later ) we obtained group test scores of reading achievement and intelligence from school records of the entire third-grade population in each school system .
for purposes of sample [choice] only ( individual tests were given later ) we obtained group test scores of reading achievement and intelligence from school records of the entire third-grade population in each school system .

Children whose reading scores were at least one standard deviation below the regression line of each total third-grade school population were considered under-achievers for the purposes of sample selection .
children whose reading scores were at least one standard deviation below the regression line of each total third-grade school population were considered under-achievers for the purposes of sample [choice] .

The Taylor Scale was adapted from the Minnesota Multiphastic Personality Inventory , with item selection based upon clinical definitions of anxiety .
the taylor scale was adapted from the minnesota multiphastic personality inventory , with item [choice] based upon clinical definitions of anxiety .

The president of the firm , calculating expenses alone , felt his costs had dropped one-half while success in selection had improved over one hundred per cent .
the president of the firm , calculating expenses alone , felt his costs had dropped one-half while success in [choice] had improved over one hundred per cent .

Tone analysis will continue to be difficult and unsatisfactory until a more representative selection of systems is familar to every practicing field linguist .
tone analysis will continue to be difficult and unsatisfactory until a more representative [choice] of systems is familar to every practicing field linguist .

The fact that companies on the AIA lists were already participating in the defense program because of the manner of their selection .
the fact that companies on the aia lists were already participating in the defense program because of the manner of their [choice] .

Philosophy can supply adequate criteria of meaning in the selection of socially viable categories .
philosophy can supply adequate criteria of meaning in the [choice] of socially viable categories .

But whenever a major purchase was contemplated forty years ago -- a new bedroom set or a winter coat , an Easter bonnet , a bicycle for Junior -- the family set off for the downtown department store , where the selection would be greatest .
but whenever a major purchase was contemplated forty years ago -- a new bedroom set or a winter coat , an easter bonnet , a bicycle for junior -- the family set off for the downtown department store , where the [choice] would be greatest .

The method of selection Fromm uses achieves exactly that .
the method of [choice] fromm uses achieves exactly that .

Selection of a source for commercial irradiation would involve consideration of numerous factors including required dose rate , load factor , throughput , convenience , safety , and most important , costs .
[choice] of a source for commercial irradiation would involve consideration of numerous factors including required dose rate , load factor , throughput , convenience , safety , and most important , costs .

Once the final selection is made , they 'll be taken on location to play anything from students and commuters to refuse collectors or police officers .
once the final [choice] is made , they 'll be taken on location to play anything from students and commuters to refuse collectors or police officers .

They 're especially keen for young men and people from ethnic groups to come forward to add a wider selection of tissue types to the register .
they 're especially keen for young men and people from ethnic groups to come forward to add a wider [choice] of tissue types to the register .

Visitors to Chris Martin 's house in Cheltenham might be forgiven for shivering at all the slithering going on among the selection of snakes which share his semi .
visitors to chris martin 's house in cheltenham might be forgiven for shivering at all the slithering going on among the [choice] of snakes which share his semi .

John Taylor became one of the best known prospective parliamentary candidates when some local tories objected to his selection .
john taylor became one of the best known prospective parliamentary candidates when some local tories objected to his [choice] .

Mr Taylor 's selection as candidate 15 months ago threatened to split the local party , when some said he was wrong for the town .
mr taylor 's [choice] as candidate 15 months ago threatened to split the local party , when some said he was wrong for the town .

He just missed selection for boat race crew named earlier this week , but he was still in with a chance of a late place .
he just missed [choice] for boat race crew named earlier this week , but he was still in with a chance of a late place .

Be it a selection of flags of the World or top sports stars , it could take a lifetime to collect a complete set .
be it a [choice] of flags of the world or top sports stars , it could take a lifetime to collect a complete set .

They 're supervised by Sonia Rafferty , who 's been given the rare privilege of forming the group and a selection of new works .
they 're supervised by sonia rafferty , who 's been given the rare privilege of forming the group and a [choice] of new works .

Alright here we go then ; the first race tonight is seven thirty erm it 's a twelve ways programme , but the first erm selection 's in the second race which is the seven forty five , and this is a name two grade , four fifty metres erm which is five hundred yards .
alright here we go then ; the first race tonight is seven thirty erm it 's a twelve ways programme , but the first erm [choice] 's in the second race which is the seven forty five , and this is a name two grade , four fifty metres erm which is five hundred yards .

Selection erm has n't been erm finalised yet , but erm we will probably do that erm tomorrow , or latest , Monday .
[choice] erm has n't been erm finalised yet , but erm we will probably do that erm tomorrow , or latest , monday .

The final selection is race eleven , trap one , Spot the Fox ; Spot the Fox is one of the closest railers at Oxford , and the main danger is trap two , Image of Man .
the final [choice] is race eleven , trap one , spot the fox ; spot the fox is one of the closest railers at oxford , and the main danger is trap two , image of man .

Next comes Heuberger 's ‘ Chambre Séparée ’ , ( ‘ The Opera Ball ’ , 1898 ) , and a selection from Carl Zeller 's ‘ Der Vogelhändler ’ ( 1891 ) .
next comes heuberger 's ‘ chambre séparée ’ , ( ‘ the opera ball ’ , 1898 ) , and a [choice] from carl zeller 's ‘ der vogelhändler ’ ( 1891 ) .

The rest of the first half of the programme is given to Franz Lehar , with his great ‘ Gold and Silver Waltz ’ , followed by a selection from his evergreen success , ‘ The Merry Widow ’ ( 1905 ) .
the rest of the first half of the programme is given to franz lehar , with his great ‘ gold and silver waltz ’ , followed by a [choice] from his evergreen success , ‘ the merry widow ’ ( 1905 ) .

There 's a new look to ‘ The Lamp ’ for 1991 as we enjoy a selection of contrasting stories , from North and South of this island , and the singing of a young lady from the West .
there 's a new look to ‘ the lamp ’ for 1991 as we enjoy a [choice] of contrasting stories , from north and south of this island , and the singing of a young lady from the west .

Mm , hope so but at least it wo n't be me my selection er er er er er errr gon na let my was there any post , Mum ?
mm , hope so but at least it wo n't be me my [choice] er er er er er errr gon na let my was there any post , mum ?

We would like to order selection of music box
we would like to order [choice] of music box

It says family selection so that 's what it means well for adults and children .
it says family [choice] so that 's what it means well for adults and children .

and malt selection as well .
and malt [choice] as well .

What about selection ?
what about [choice] ?

selection of them went all over the world collecting trees .
[choice] of them went all over the world collecting trees .

She will also voice reservations about Emily 's List , a fund earmarked to sponsor women in the selection battle for winnable parliamentary seats .
she will also voice reservations about emily 's list , a fund earmarked to sponsor women in the [choice] battle for winnable parliamentary seats .

Secondly the selection of the European candidate in Glasgow — a man [ Bill Millar ] over two leading women .
secondly the [choice] of the european candidate in glasgow — a man [ bill millar ] over two leading women .

Pictured above are a selection of clothes from Cruise Clothes , but highlights of tonight 's show include a range of items from the 1993 spring and summer collections of top designers Armani , Versace , Alberta Ferretti , Jasper Conran and Katherine Hamnett .
pictured above are a [choice] of clothes from cruise clothes , but highlights of tonight 's show include a range of items from the 1993 spring and summer collections of top designers armani , versace , alberta ferretti , jasper conran and katherine hamnett .

Mr Lang said he was encouraged by the interest in helping to run trusts which had allowed the base of selection to be broadened .
mr lang said he was encouraged by the interest in helping to run trusts which had allowed the base of [choice] to be broadened .

This week we are starting the service with a selection of contracts in the energy and civil engineering sectors .
this week we are starting the service with a [choice] of contracts in the energy and civil engineering sectors .

At one end of the portfolio selection process is the use of so-called ‘ negative criteria ’ .
at one end of the portfolio [choice] process is the use of so-called ‘ negative criteria ’ .

Grants are also available for the selection and implementation of your computerised system if you use outside consultants to advise you .
grants are also available for the [choice] and implementation of your computerised system if you use outside consultants to advise you .

The isolation of genes encoding proteins with known binding properties has recently been facilitated by selection technologies .
the isolation of genes encoding proteins with known binding properties has recently been facilitated by [choice] technologies .

The tight linkage between genes and encoded protein allow packages to be selected in rounds of binding and growth , leading to selection factors of more than one in a million .
the tight linkage between genes and encoded protein allow packages to be selected in rounds of binding and growth , leading to [choice] factors of more than one in a million .

For example , glycosylated proteins which are unsuitable for display on filamentous bacteriophage may be amenable to selection in a retroviral display system .
for example , glycosylated proteins which are unsuitable for display on filamentous bacteriophage may be amenable to [choice] in a retroviral display system .

We suggest that it might be possible to evolve new viral tropisms ( see below ) using repertoires of antibody fragments or peptide sequences displayed on the virus , with cycles of infection and selection .
we suggest that it might be possible to evolve new viral tropisms ( see below ) using repertoires of antibody fragments or peptide sequences displayed on the virus , with cycles of infection and [choice] .

The magazine also singled out Darlington as a place where drinkers can enjoy a wide selection of different beers , as many breweries have pubs in the town .
the magazine also singled out darlington as a place where drinkers can enjoy a wide [choice] of different beers , as many breweries have pubs in the town .

As far as equities are concerned , and depending on one 's view of developments , selection might focus on stocks likely to benefit from falling interest rates such as Michelin , Rhone Poulenc and Pechiney , and those benefiting from reflationary measures in the economy , such as Bouygues .
as far as equities are concerned , and depending on one 's view of developments , [choice] might focus on stocks likely to benefit from falling interest rates such as michelin , rhone poulenc and pechiney , and those benefiting from reflationary measures in the economy , such as bouygues .

As a result , Derek Ritchie , winner of three world-ranking events and beaten finalist in this season 's Scottish Championship , has been elevated to join Maclean and Peter Nicol as a definite selection for the team .
as a result , derek ritchie , winner of three world-ranking events and beaten finalist in this season 's scottish championship , has been elevated to join maclean and peter nicol as a definite [choice] for the team .

Sheppard still intends swimming at the Grand Prix Superfinal as a guest competitor as she continues the build-up towards the National Championships in Sheffield in June ; a meet which is vital as regards selection for the European Championships , also to be held in Sheffield , in August .
sheppard still intends swimming at the grand prix superfinal as a guest competitor as she continues the build-up towards the national championships in sheffield in june ; a meet which is vital as regards [choice] for the european championships , also to be held in sheffield , in august .

Table 1 shows the result of a typical selection experiment .
table 1 shows the result of a typical [choice] experiment .

Rangers ' selection for Brugge will , under the circumstances , be left until the last moment .
rangers ' [choice] for brugge will , under the circumstances , be left until the last moment .

Scotland were blessed with greater pace behind the scrum than , for example , the Canadians , but there was a lack of direct , straight running among the backs , the sort of qualities embodied by Kenny Logan , Kenny Milligan and Ian Jardine ( the last two-named winning defensive kudos , too , during the autumn events ) who are not among the present selection , but could figure next month .
scotland were blessed with greater pace behind the scrum than , for example , the canadians , but there was a lack of direct , straight running among the backs , the sort of qualities embodied by kenny logan , kenny milligan and ian jardine ( the last two-named winning defensive kudos , too , during the autumn events ) who are not among the present [choice] , but could figure next month .

Three of the Queensland team — Mark Catchpole , Brett Johnstone and Brenton Fielke , all of whom were in Dubai — have won selection for the Australian side for the tournament in Fiji this weekend , as the XV-a-side world champions continue to experiment with Hong Kong and Murrayfield in mind .
three of the queensland team — mark catchpole , brett johnstone and brenton fielke , all of whom were in dubai — have won [choice] for the australian side for the tournament in fiji this weekend , as the xv-a-side world champions continue to experiment with hong kong and murrayfield in mind .

Unfair , maybe , but a horribly damaging allegation to have made about you on the eve of the Lions ' selection .
unfair , maybe , but a horribly damaging allegation to have made about you on the eve of the lions ' [choice] .

Alas , his selection would require an improbable U-turn on the part of the Sassenach segment of the selectors .
alas , his [choice] would require an improbable u-turn on the part of the sassenach segment of the selectors .

With , against him , not only the new laws — on the grounds that they could well still be fully operative — but his 37 years , Probyn may miss out on Lions ' selection .
with , against him , not only the new laws — on the grounds that they could well still be fully operative — but his 37 years , probyn may miss out on lions ' [choice] .

Unlucky not to gain selection for the 800m in last year 's Barcelona Olympics , Strang , who ran a ‘ blinder ’ for Scotland in the 1990 Commonwealth Games 4x400 silver medal-winning team in Auckland , has made a remarkable transition up to 1,500m .
unlucky not to gain [choice] for the 800m in last year 's barcelona olympics , strang , who ran a ‘ blinder ’ for scotland in the 1990 commonwealth games 4x400 silver medal-winning team in auckland , has made a remarkable transition up to 1,500m .

The complications caused by injuries to Goram , Gough , Steven , Ferguson , Huistra and Robertson preclude team selection and tactical planning for the Belgians ' visit and place a considerable burden on Walter Smith 's shoulders .
the complications caused by injuries to goram , gough , steven , ferguson , huistra and robertson preclude team [choice] and tactical planning for the belgians ' visit and place a considerable burden on walter smith 's shoulders .

They scored a good try by internationalist Craig Lawson who crossed the line from a short pass from his scrum-half , David Paterson , son of the Scottish selection committee convener Duncan .
they scored a good try by internationalist craig lawson who crossed the line from a short pass from his scrum-half , david paterson , son of the scottish [choice] committee convener duncan .

Following the five-wicket beating by one of Test cricket 's minnows , the England manager , Keith Fletcher , came close to admitting that the whole tour selection policy had been misguided .
following the five-wicket beating by one of test cricket 's minnows , the england manager , keith fletcher , came close to admitting that the whole tour [choice] policy had been misguided .

The injury bulletin — issued by Paterson at the team 's hotel swimming pool , a stone 's throw from the Pacific Ocean — perhaps overshadowed the selection for this weekend 's events which started today .
the injury bulletin — issued by paterson at the team 's hotel swimming pool , a stone 's throw from the pacific ocean — perhaps overshadowed the [choice] for this weekend 's events which started today .

Derek Stark was left out of Scotland 's ten- strong squad , Paterson remarking pointedly : ‘ He has a slight groin strain , but was available for selection .
derek stark was left out of scotland 's ten- strong squad , paterson remarking pointedly : ‘ he has a slight groin strain , but was available for [choice] .

Gooch 's hand in selection this winter was considerable — but Fletcher made it clear that in future he will exercise more influence over the make-up of a tour party .
gooch 's hand in [choice] this winter was considerable — but fletcher made it clear that in future he will exercise more influence over the make-up of a tour party .

Fletcher admitted : ‘ Our selection policy has misfired .
fletcher admitted : ‘ our [choice] policy has misfired .

Russell was one of two players not considered for selection , the other being the West of Scotland fast bowler , Mike Richardson , who has a cut leg .
russell was one of two players not considered for [choice] , the other being the west of scotland fast bowler , mike richardson , who has a cut leg .

Along with the rest of Scotland 's front five — Kenny Milne , Paul Burnell , Andy Reed and Damian Cronin — Wright made sufficient impact to earn selection for the Lions ' tour of New Zealand .
along with the rest of scotland 's front five — kenny milne , paul burnell , andy reed and damian cronin — wright made sufficient impact to earn [choice] for the lions ' tour of new zealand .

This was a sardonic reference to the distance which has sometimes separated Levein from selection by the national coach , though the idea of McQueen , last capped against Wales in 1981 , being recalled has turned out not to be so fanciful after all in the midst of the worst injury crisis of Roxburgh 's association with Scotland .
this was a sardonic reference to the distance which has sometimes separated levein from [choice] by the national coach , though the idea of mcqueen , last capped against wales in 1981 , being recalled has turned out not to be so fanciful after all in the midst of the worst injury crisis of roxburgh 's association with scotland .

Levein will take charge of a side drawn from four Premier Division clubs — Hearts , Aberdeen , Dundee United and Celtic — and though Roxburgh will withhold his final selection until this morning , he was yesterday willing to make promises about seven players .
levein will take charge of a side drawn from four premier division clubs — hearts , aberdeen , dundee united and celtic — and though roxburgh will withhold his final [choice] until this morning , he was yesterday willing to make promises about seven players .

The major problems faced in contig assembly are the management and visualisation of very large data sets , the efficient selection of probes to minimise the number of experiments and the resolution of contradictions in the experimental data .
the major problems faced in contig assembly are the management and visualisation of very large data sets , the efficient [choice] of probes to minimise the number of experiments and the resolution of contradictions in the experimental data .

We asked a random selection of women who were in Darlington for market day to tell us how old they were .
we asked a random [choice] of women who were in darlington for market day to tell us how old they were .

Mr Liddle accepts the need for some closures , but argues that none of the council 's own figures back the selection of Hustledown House .
mr liddle accepts the need for some closures , but argues that none of the council 's own figures back the [choice] of hustledown house .

The hour to which we journalists strictly ration ourselves at lunchtime had already passed and the mart reports would n't sub themselves , but a selection of citric sorbets proved worth the extra 45p .
the hour to which we journalists strictly ration ourselves at lunchtime had already passed and the mart reports would n't sub themselves , but a [choice] of citric sorbets proved worth the extra 45p .

‘ No site has totally disappeared , but great bites have been taken out of a selection of them .
‘ no site has totally disappeared , but great bites have been taken out of a [choice] of them .

Why Michael Atherton was not immediately drafted in when the experience of Gooch was lost before the start , with Stewart being told to keep wicket as originally planned , remains one of the mysteries of the tour — and as crass a selection error as leaving out Phil Tufnell from the first Test at Calcutta .
why michael atherton was not immediately drafted in when the experience of gooch was lost before the start , with stewart being told to keep wicket as originally planned , remains one of the mysteries of the tour — and as crass a [choice] error as leaving out phil tufnell from the first test at calcutta .

England are ‘ considering more options ’ in their team selection .
england are ‘ considering more options ’ in their team [choice] .

Selection is never a black and white business .
[choice] is never a black and white business .

The thing about selection is that we never vote .
the thing about [choice] is that we never vote .

Now , they have come round to adopting the Indian selection policy with the ever-improving off-spin of Hick now regarded as part of their frontline attack .
now , they have come round to adopting the indian [choice] policy with the ever-improving off-spin of hick now regarded as part of their frontline attack .

Best who was at a Lions selection meeting in Edinburgh yesterday morning , reckoned the margin and manner of Scotland 's 20-0 victory would certainly have England worried and that he expected a cracker of a game on Saturday week at Twickenham , where Scotland have won only twice , in 1971 and 1983 , since the Second World War .
best who was at a lions [choice] meeting in edinburgh yesterday morning , reckoned the margin and manner of scotland 's 20-0 victory would certainly have england worried and that he expected a cracker of a game on saturday week at twickenham , where scotland have won only twice , in 1971 and 1983 , since the second world war .

Injuries to David Robertson and Stuart McCall are delaying Smith 's selection and Dale Gordon , Trevor Steven , Scott Nisbet and John Brown have been added to the squad who drew at Tannadice .
injuries to david robertson and stuart mccall are delaying smith 's [choice] and dale gordon , trevor steven , scott nisbet and john brown have been added to the squad who drew at tannadice .

Here is a selection of the questions .
here is a [choice] of the questions .

Gooch has stamped his method and selection policy on this squad , and prior to this tour it had worked pretty well .
gooch has stamped his method and [choice] policy on this squad , and prior to this tour it had worked pretty well .

At the heart of the debate over a squad system lies the virtue of continuity versus the flexibility of selection .
at the heart of the debate over a squad system lies the virtue of continuity versus the flexibility of [choice] .

The Troon man , who declared early in the tournament that the lack of atmosphere in the absence of players such as Nick Faldo , Fred Couples and Greg Norman did nothing for his game , went on to denounce the event as ‘ a bit of an amateur sham ’ and suggested it should not be among the counting tournaments for Ryder Cup selection .
the troon man , who declared early in the tournament that the lack of atmosphere in the absence of players such as nick faldo , fred couples and greg norman did nothing for his game , went on to denounce the event as ‘ a bit of an amateur sham ’ and suggested it should not be among the counting tournaments for ryder cup [choice] .

‘ As we said at the time of this tour 's selection , David Gower 's Test career is not necessarily finished .
‘ as we said at the time of this tour 's [choice] , david gower 's test career is not necessarily finished .

As a prelude to the final Schumann Fantasia we were given a selection of six of Prokofiev 's attractively astringent Visions Fugitives ; short but eloquent pieces .
as a prelude to the final schumann fantasia we were given a [choice] of six of prokofiev 's attractively astringent visions fugitives ; short but eloquent pieces .

Manager Alan Murray has been forced to delay team selection for tomorrow night 's visit to the Midlands .
manager alan murray has been forced to delay team [choice] for tomorrow night 's visit to the midlands .

By similar random selection , says chairman John Murray , they came ‘ very close ’ to predicting the 1989 Richmond by-election at 5.30pm on polling day a claim that 's a couple of currants short of a teacake .
by similar random [choice] , says chairman john murray , they came ‘ very close ’ to predicting the 1989 richmond by-election at 5.30pm on polling day a claim that 's a couple of currants short of a teacake .

This varied selection of international work gives an insight into the policies of cultural decentralisation in France whereby each region has a responsibility to create and make available a collection of contemporary work .
this varied [choice] of international work gives an insight into the policies of cultural decentralisation in france whereby each region has a responsibility to create and make available a collection of contemporary work .

Delayed selection
delayed [choice]

The All Blacks assembled yesterday for a rugged training session but have been unable to prepare themselves fully as the Lions have delayed selection for another 24-hours due to ever increasing injury problems .
the all blacks assembled yesterday for a rugged training session but have been unable to prepare themselves fully as the lions have delayed [choice] for another 24-hours due to ever increasing injury problems .

Atherton and DeFreitas failed to make the most of their first Test selection and face a nervous wait until Gooch 's side for Lord 's is named on Sunday .
atherton and defreitas failed to make the most of their first test [choice] and face a nervous wait until gooch 's side for lord 's is named on sunday .

The Essex pair and debut-making fast bowler Andy Caddick are the only three names that should be written down automatically for Lord 's at Saturday 's selection meeting .
the essex pair and debut-making fast bowler andy caddick are the only three names that should be written down automatically for lord 's at saturday 's [choice] meeting .

Steve Smith 's 2.33 metres high jump in the British League match at Havering and Dave Grindley 's 45.44 seconds over 400 metres in Rome on Wednesday have placed both youngsters in line for selection for the British team to compete in the Europa Cup in Rome at the end of the month .
steve smith 's 2.33 metres high jump in the british league match at havering and dave grindley 's 45.44 seconds over 400 metres in rome on wednesday have placed both youngsters in line for [choice] for the british team to compete in the europa cup in rome at the end of the month .

Billy names the players he believes have suffered and urges a change in the selection committee currently made up of one representative from the six teams in the inter-pro championships .
billy names the players he believes have suffered and urges a change in the [choice] committee currently made up of one representative from the six teams in the inter-pro championships .

‘ The target for Games selection is 57.50 for the hurdles , ’ Stephanie said .
‘ the target for games [choice] is 57.50 for the hurdles , ’ stephanie said .

Carr , one of the best — and unluckiest — players ever to wear the white jersey , has been drafted onto the Ulster selection panel .
carr , one of the best — and unluckiest — players ever to wear the white jersey , has been drafted onto the ulster [choice] panel .

Selection was the furthest thing from his mind when he was approached at the Scotland-Ireland game last season .
[choice] was the furthest thing from his mind when he was approached at the scotland-ireland game last season .

Carr joins a selection committee chaired by Dick Milliken , and also including his schooldays mentor and Ulster coach Davy McMaster , Stephen Blake-Knox and Harry Steele .
carr joins a [choice] committee chaired by dick milliken , and also including his schooldays mentor and ulster coach davy mcmaster , stephen blake-knox and harry steele .

Down in 24th place in the Ryder Cup points table , Feherty could earn automatic selection by lifting the £108,330 first prize .
down in 24th place in the ryder cup points table , feherty could earn automatic [choice] by lifting the £108,330 first prize .

In doing this they have first cheapened the original process of selection which is made meaningless , and then , they shoved their heads firmly back into the sand .
in doing this they have first cheapened the original process of [choice] which is made meaningless , and then , they shoved their heads firmly back into the sand .

Several regular players who have been away this week for work and holiday reasons need to be contacted so making the selection a last minute exercise .
several regular players who have been away this week for work and holiday reasons need to be contacted so making the [choice] a last minute exercise .

Ormskirk have deferred selection as they await injury reports .
ormskirk have deferred [choice] as they await injury reports .

The selection will certainly give the Liverpool Competition a strong side on paper for a competition it 's representative side last won in 1974 when it was the Steiner Cup .
the [choice] will certainly give the liverpool competition a strong side on paper for a competition it 's representative side last won in 1974 when it was the steiner cup .

Peggy Wood speaks for the Past and Present Team : ‘ No sooner had we packed away the remnants of Past and Present 1991 , than things began to arrive in the cupboard for 1992 – and what a selection of lovely bits and pieces .
peggy wood speaks for the past and present team : ‘ no sooner had we packed away the remnants of past and present 1991 , than things began to arrive in the cupboard for 1992 – and what a [choice] of lovely bits and pieces .

thanks her many friends for the lovely selection of get well cards and letters she has recently received .
thanks her many friends for the lovely [choice] of get well cards and letters she has recently received .

There will be three open classes each with a different teacher from which you may choose one session ; there will also be a separate class for the children and an interesting selection of displays .
there will be three open classes each with a different teacher from which you may choose one session ; there will also be a separate class for the children and an interesting [choice] of displays .

Selection of sample .
[choice] of sample .

Coding is required but a selection of responses may be used verbatim in the final report to add interest .
coding is required but a [choice] of responses may be used verbatim in the final report to add interest .

15.2.7 Selection bias
15.2.7 [choice] bias

Clearly , therefore , there are dangers in the selection of extreme groups for special treatment since a change is to be expected even if the treatment is completely useless .
clearly , therefore , there are dangers in the [choice] of extreme groups for special treatment since a change is to be expected even if the treatment is completely useless .

It will be seen that the selection difficulty presented by the design in Section 15.2.9 could be removed by randomization .
it will be seen that the [choice] difficulty presented by the design in section 15.2.9 could be removed by randomization .

The decision as to which allocation is to apply to any block of four patients is simply made by random selection of a digit in the range 1 to 6 .
the decision as to which allocation is to apply to any block of four patients is simply made by random [choice] of a digit in the range 1 to 6 .

An alternative selection method which generally avoids this problem is to take a systematic selection of 2 from the range 1 to 586 .
an alternative [choice] method which generally avoids this problem is to take a systematic [choice] of 2 from the range 1 to 586 .

Bias may be introduced by the time and place of the quota selection unbalancing the sample in respect of some unconsidered attribute such as employment status .
bias may be introduced by the time and place of the quota [choice] unbalancing the sample in respect of some unconsidered attribute such as employment status .

1974 ) , for example , have argued that there are structural ‘ selection mechanisms ‘ , notably the dependence of the state 's activity on resources generated by the private sector , and the nature of capitalism as an international competitive system , that prevent the state from mounting a threat to the continuation of the capitalist mode of production ( cf .
1974 ) , for example , have argued that there are structural ‘ [choice] mechanisms ‘ , notably the dependence of the state 's activity on resources generated by the private sector , and the nature of capitalism as an international competitive system , that prevent the state from mounting a threat to the continuation of the capitalist mode of production ( cf .

The government 's response was a plan to replace the baccalauréat system , which guaranteed places to those obtaining certain qualifications , with one of competitive selection .
the government 's response was a plan to replace the baccalauréat system , which guaranteed places to those obtaining certain qualifications , with one of competitive [choice] .

There was plenty of glass around in houses , and a selection of broken glass in his own house and others in Mouncy Street .
there was plenty of glass around in houses , and a [choice] of broken glass in his own house and others in mouncy street .

Hell of a selection !
hell of a [choice] !

Well Mick , you wo n't find a bigger selection than Argos .
well mick , you wo n't find a bigger [choice] than argos .

They might have a selection .
they might have a [choice] .

Premium teabags , a hundred and sixty plus the freeze dried gold coffee plus spec erm Fox 's speciality selection biscuits .
premium teabags , a hundred and sixty plus the freeze dried gold coffee plus spec erm fox 's speciality [choice] biscuits .

It also includes the work of such luminaries as Quentin Blake , who made the selection and penned the fine Box of Delights drawing for the poster .
it also includes the work of such luminaries as quentin blake , who made the [choice] and penned the fine box of delights drawing for the poster .

One of the few works in colour is York 's very own Christ Stilleth the Tempest ( 1852 ) , while the rest of the show is a selection of some 104 out of 156 etchings and mezzotints .
one of the few works in colour is york 's very own christ stilleth the tempest ( 1852 ) , while the rest of the show is a [choice] of some 104 out of 156 etchings and mezzotints .

The show really opens out in the preceding room where an historical selection of Cold Steel includes a facsimile of Roman sword and even more deadly weapons ranging in date from the Iron Age to the middle of the 17th century .
the show really opens out in the preceding room where an historical [choice] of cold steel includes a facsimile of roman sword and even more deadly weapons ranging in date from the iron age to the middle of the 17th century .

She has already passed a rigorous selection weekend to qualify for the trip .
she has already passed a rigorous [choice] weekend to qualify for the trip .

Those with previous convictions will be allowed to put their case for registration before a selection committee made up of police and licensed and brewing trade representatives .
those with previous convictions will be allowed to put their case for registration before a [choice] committee made up of police and licensed and brewing trade representatives .

England skipper Graham Gooch , batting at No 5 after a lengthy selection meeting in Manchester on Saturday night , hit 67 to win over an Old Trafford crowd angry at the Test exclusion of Phil De Freitas .
england skipper graham gooch , batting at no 5 after a lengthy [choice] meeting in manchester on saturday night , hit 67 to win over an old trafford crowd angry at the test exclusion of phil de freitas .

After initial doubts about whether he would accept selection to run for Britain in the European Cup in Rome in two weeks ' time , Robb said he would now ‘ probably go if they asked me . ’
after initial doubts about whether he would accept [choice] to run for britain in the european cup in rome in two weeks ' time , robb said he would now ‘ probably go if they asked me . ’

De Freitas needed on-field treatment to his right hand before a ball was bowled in Lancashire 's Sunday league game against Essex and only minutes after England 's high noon selection for the second Lord 's test .
de freitas needed on-field treatment to his right hand before a ball was bowled in lancashire 's sunday league game against essex and only minutes after england 's high noon [choice] for the second lord 's test .

DeFreitas needed on-field treatment to his right hand before a ball was bowled in Lancashire 's Sunday league game against Essex and only minutes after England 's high noon selection for the second Test at Lord 's .
defreitas needed on-field treatment to his right hand before a ball was bowled in lancashire 's sunday league game against essex and only minutes after england 's high noon [choice] for the second test at lord 's .

Average selection
average [choice]

This is a selection from a range of patterns in Midwinter 's Modern Stylecraft tableware ( left ) .
this is a [choice] from a range of patterns in midwinter 's modern stylecraft tableware ( left ) .

Buckby believes Cleveland should adopt the same selection policy as Durham County that the first five in the county championships win automatic selection , with three additional discretionary places .
buckby believes cleveland should adopt the same [choice] policy as durham county that the first five in the county championships win automatic [choice] , with three additional discretionary places .

The winners go on to the national finals in York , the winners of that may have a chance of selection for the Paralympics in Barcelona .
the winners go on to the national finals in york , the winners of that may have a chance of [choice] for the paralympics in barcelona .

Bernie Slaven , Curtis Fleming and Mark Proctor are also in with a chance of selection .
bernie slaven , curtis fleming and mark proctor are also in with a chance of [choice] .

Team selection has been deferred .
team [choice] has been deferred .

Flankers Mick Skinner and Peter Winterbottom have also left the door ajar , declining as yet to state their unavailability for international selection next season .
flankers mick skinner and peter winterbottom have also left the door ajar , declining as yet to state their unavailability for international [choice] next season .

The Seasiders have an injury crisis and McGee , 21 , could step in to ease manager Ray McHale 's selection problems .
the seasiders have an injury crisis and mcgee , 21 , could step in to ease manager ray mchale 's [choice] problems .

His selection ahead of John Wood is a measure of the strides he took on tour , when he topped the averages with 11 wickets at 22.27 .
his [choice] ahead of john wood is a measure of the strides he took on tour , when he topped the averages with 11 wickets at 22.27 .

Reservoir roundup Extreme changes in weather culminated in fly anglers at Leighton Reservoir taking great care in fly selection to keep in contact with the fish .
reservoir roundup extreme changes in weather culminated in fly anglers at leighton reservoir taking great care in fly [choice] to keep in contact with the fish .

Crosby also has injury worries to add to his team selection problems , and he will not name his line-up until just before the start .
crosby also has injury worries to add to his team [choice] problems , and he will not name his line-up until just before the start .

In his home town , Mr Edwards is a noted singer and says that he wants to go down in the programme as performing a selection of songs from Carousel and also Holy City .
in his home town , mr edwards is a noted singer and says that he wants to go down in the programme as performing a [choice] of songs from carousel and also holy city .

He took on his new role supervising a training and selection course on Saturday at Jow Walton 's Youth Centre , Berwick Hills , Middlesbrough .
he took on his new role supervising a training and [choice] course on saturday at jow walton 's youth centre , berwick hills , middlesbrough .

But he will be given free reign over the selection and training of his team .
but he will be given free reign over the [choice] and training of his team .

He needs to sharpen up before the Olympic decathlon trial in Sheffield on June 5 and 6 , when only victory and a points score of 7,850 will guarantee selection .
he needs to sharpen up before the olympic decathlon trial in sheffield on june 5 and 6 , when only victory and a points score of 7,850 will guarantee [choice] .

This is the selection event for the national senior athletics championships at Hull on August 1 and 2 .
this is the [choice] event for the national senior athletics championships at hull on august 1 and 2 .

His selection fate wo n't be resolved until the trials meeting .
his [choice] fate wo n't be resolved until the trials meeting .

The 23-year-old Teessider , who dropped out of the British decathlon trial at Sheffield last weekend after eight events , has chosen not to chase the Barcelona qualifying score , 7,850 points , in Germany before the selection deadline , June 28 .
the 23-year-old teessider , who dropped out of the british decathlon trial at sheffield last weekend after eight events , has chosen not to chase the barcelona qualifying score , 7,850 points , in germany before the [choice] deadline , june 28 .

She ran an encouraging 11.9 secs 100 metres heat in the North-East Championships last month but , that apart , has no form to suggest whether she can mount a serious challenge for selection at the Olympic trials meeting in Birmingham on June 27 and 28 .
she ran an encouraging 11.9 secs 100 metres heat in the north-east championships last month but , that apart , has no form to suggest whether she can mount a serious challenge for [choice] at the olympic trials meeting in birmingham on june 27 and 28 .

Last year was no disaster she placed sixth over 200 metres at the World Student Games and was a member of Britain 's silver medal winning 4 x 100 metres relay team but she will have to run faster than ever to earn selection for Barcelona .
last year was no disaster she placed sixth over 200 metres at the world student games and was a member of britain 's silver medal winning 4 x 100 metres relay team but she will have to run faster than ever to earn [choice] for barcelona .

Dave Waddington , selection committee member for Middlesbrough Rugby Club , said the £5m offer should be seriously considered as the club 's primary objective was to develop higher standards of the sport .
dave waddington , [choice] committee member for middlesbrough rugby club , said the £5m offer should be seriously considered as the club 's primary objective was to develop higher standards of the sport .

The Richardson Singers sing a selection of sacred music on April 5 , at 7.45pm , in St Augustine 's Church , Coniscliffe Road , Darlington .
the richardson singers sing a [choice] of sacred music on april 5 , at 7.45pm , in st augustine 's church , coniscliffe road , darlington .

Opener Bowden then vindicated his selection with a flawless knock as he and Matthew Needham of Connahs Quay , with an unbeaten 17 , swept Flintshire to 68–2 off 20 overs .
opener bowden then vindicated his [choice] with a flawless knock as he and matthew needham of connahs quay , with an unbeaten 17 , swept flintshire to 68–2 off 20 overs .

Selection will be based on an application form and an interview .
[choice] will be based on an application form and an interview .

They say they have a democractic selection procedure .
they say they have a democractic [choice] procedure .

For the second consecutive year , Winemark have entered a selection of wines in the International Wine Challenge 1993 and , with more than 130 medal winners , this year 's success can only confirm that the quality of their wine is of the highest standard .
for the second consecutive year , winemark have entered a [choice] of wines in the international wine challenge 1993 and , with more than 130 medal winners , this year 's success can only confirm that the quality of their wine is of the highest standard .

As before the benefits are low monthly repayments , maintenance and repair bills kept to a minimum , and a selection of three end-of-agreement alternatives .
as before the benefits are low monthly repayments , maintenance and repair bills kept to a minimum , and a [choice] of three end-of-agreement alternatives .

To help the customer select the ‘ right ’ style , the company constantly updates its stock and has recently added to its existing ranges Harlequin , Interior Selection , Today 's Interiors , Jab , Romo , Craig and Rose and Brian Yates makes .
to help the customer select the ‘ right ’ style , the company constantly updates its stock and has recently added to its existing ranges harlequin , interior [choice] , today 's interiors , jab , romo , craig and rose and brian yates makes .

According to Colin Russell of Russells Cellars , this new branch will keep a selection of some of the finest wines , beers and spirits available in Belfast .
according to colin russell of russells cellars , this new branch will keep a [choice] of some of the finest wines , beers and spirits available in belfast .

Mr Ward was so opposed to the selection that he told the Association he no longer wanted to be a member .
mr ward was so opposed to the [choice] that he told the association he no longer wanted to be a member .

He read out a selection of prisoners ' letters today at a reception for the Trust in London .
he read out a [choice] of prisoners ' letters today at a reception for the trust in london .

However this toy craze will not feature the usual selection of character figures .
however this toy craze will not feature the usual [choice] of character figures .

It is a selection dilemma however with which Bingham is happy to cope .
it is a [choice] dilemma however with which bingham is happy to cope .

Down in 24th place in the Ryder Cup points table , Feherty could earn automatic selection by lifting the £108,330 first prize .
down in 24th place in the ryder cup points table , feherty could earn automatic [choice] by lifting the £108,330 first prize .

But which one to choose … here 's a selection of pantomimes playing in the Central South area .
but which one to choose … here 's a [choice] of pantomimes playing in the central south area .

Billy names the players he believes have suffered and urges a change in the selection committee currently made up of one representative from the six teams in the inter-pro championships .
billy names the players he believes have suffered and urges a change in the [choice] committee currently made up of one representative from the six teams in the inter-pro championships .

There is a host of possibilities and the tentative selection is Sarawat , a comfortable winner of the Ebor at York last month .
there is a host of possibilities and the tentative [choice] is sarawat , a comfortable winner of the ebor at york last month .

If your eighth selection is a score draw you would have quite a useful dividend to come , depending , of course , upon the number of drawn games in any given week .
if your eighth [choice] is a score draw you would have quite a useful dividend to come , depending , of course , upon the number of drawn games in any given week .

Northern Ireland has never won the Home Internationals before but team manager Jim McGrory feels that this year 's selection is good enough to achieve success for the first time .
northern ireland has never won the home internationals before but team manager jim mcgrory feels that this year 's [choice] is good enough to achieve success for the first time .

erm the paradox then says how can evolution possibly lead by natural selection to the selection of just that protein which best performs some function if , just by a random process of mutation it might never happen in the first place .
erm the paradox then says how can evolution possibly lead by natural [choice] to the [choice] of just that protein which best performs some function if , just by a random process of mutation it might never happen in the first place .

But it 's essentially , therefore , that natural selection is only going to produce adaptations if it can do so gradually , that 's basically the guts of Darwin 's position .
but it 's essentially , therefore , that natural [choice] is only going to produce adaptations if it can do so gradually , that 's basically the guts of darwin 's position .

At Feros Lighting , Parsons Street , Banbury , you 'll not only see the largest selection of domestic lighting in the area , they can also advise you on the best way to light your office , so if it 's one lightbulb , your whole home or a complete office , for the complete look go to Feros Lighting in Parsons Street , Banbury .
at feros lighting , parsons street , banbury , you 'll not only see the largest [choice] of domestic lighting in the area , they can also advise you on the best way to light your office , so if it 's one lightbulb , your whole home or a complete office , for the complete look go to feros lighting in parsons street , banbury .

So you may have a poorer selection of subjects on offer .
so you may have a poorer [choice] of subjects on offer .

And if we had more women and this the fault here lies with , in all parties , with constituency selection committees
and if we had more women and this the fault here lies with , in all parties , with constituency [choice] committees

They are self selecting , and what we 've got to puncture is not the erm idea that the best goes forward , which is what you 're suggesting , erm but the idea of this self-selecting bit , it 's quite true that it tends to be men who put themselves forward for selection and election , and women do n't .
they are self selecting , and what we 've got to puncture is not the erm idea that the best goes forward , which is what you 're suggesting , erm but the idea of this self-selecting bit , it 's quite true that it tends to be men who put themselves forward for [choice] and election , and women do n't .

Four machines dispense a wide range of drinks and snacks and staff choose from a ready prepared selection of main and side dishes .
four machines dispense a wide range of drinks and snacks and staff choose from a ready prepared [choice] of main and side dishes .

These were displayed unwrapped on the shop 's cool counter-tops for customers to make their selection .
these were displayed unwrapped on the shop 's cool counter-tops for customers to make their [choice] .

The subject of English stress has received a large amount of attention , and the references given here are only a small selection from an enormous number .
the subject of english stress has received a large amount of attention , and the references given here are only a small [choice] from an enormous number .

The second number of the 1993 volume , which has now gone to print , contains an extra selection of book reviews , and as well as the usual listing it has several other items that will be of interest to anyone who wants to keep up to date with what is being published .
the second number of the 1993 volume , which has now gone to print , contains an extra [choice] of book reviews , and as well as the usual listing it has several other items that will be of interest to anyone who wants to keep up to date with what is being published .

Kendall looks likely to say ‘ same again ’ when it comes to team selection for tomorrow night 's testing Coca-Cola Cup third round replay against Wimbledon at Selhurst Park .
kendall looks likely to say ‘ same again ’ when it comes to team [choice] for tomorrow night 's testing coca-cola cup third round replay against wimbledon at selhurst park .

Central defender Gallagher , a recent signing from West Cheshire League soccer , capped an outstanding performance with his first goal for his new club and left sidelined player boss John Carroll with an unenviable selection problem .
central defender gallagher , a recent signing from west cheshire league soccer , capped an outstanding performance with his first goal for his new club and left sidelined player boss john carroll with an unenviable [choice] problem .

Souness ' other selection worry concerns calf strain victim Steve McManaman , and the Anfield chief will leave it as late as possible before deciding on his fitness .
souness ' other [choice] worry concerns calf strain victim steve mcmanaman , and the anfield chief will leave it as late as possible before deciding on his fitness .

Seymour hope to have recently injured stars Joe Jordan , Mick Hand , Darren Hand , Tony Kinnear , Stuart Humphries and Jimmy Brown available for selection .
seymour hope to have recently injured stars joe jordan , mick hand , darren hand , tony kinnear , stuart humphries and jimmy brown available for [choice] .

When buying a bed , it is wise to visit a retailer who has plenty to choose from and to try out a selection .
when buying a bed , it is wise to visit a retailer who has plenty to choose from and to try out a [choice] .

Because of its popularity , a selection of items in matching bedroom furniture is also on offer .
because of its popularity , a [choice] of items in matching bedroom furniture is also on offer .

The company also has a selection of folding beds , sofa beds , bunks , traditional and continental headboards and pillows .
the company also has a [choice] of folding beds , sofa beds , bunks , traditional and continental headboards and pillows .

The comprehensive selection of lounge suites includes a variety of sizes and styles in flat weaves , cotton prints , dralon and American flocks .
the comprehensive [choice] of lounge suites includes a variety of sizes and styles in flat weaves , cotton prints , dralon and american flocks .

She could n't have made a better selection than Keep Talking , a progressive horse both in terms of form and distance .
she could n't have made a better [choice] than keep talking , a progressive horse both in terms of form and distance .

Sara from Southport will compete with her new partner in the Lancashire Open later this month and hopes their displays will lead to 1994 Games selection .
sara from southport will compete with her new partner in the lancashire open later this month and hopes their displays will lead to 1994 games [choice] .

These are complemented by an innovative selection of hot and cold sweets prepared on the premises .
these are complemented by an innovative [choice] of hot and cold sweets prepared on the premises .

There is a good reference section , some excellent resource material and a fine selection of fiction .
there is a good reference section , some excellent resource material and a fine [choice] of fiction .

Selection .
[choice] .

Care therefore needs to be exercised in the choice of an agent and such organisations as the British Overseas Trade Board and banks will advise and assist in their selection .
care therefore needs to be exercised in the choice of an agent and such organisations as the british overseas trade board and banks will advise and assist in their [choice] .

So the 700 Goldman Sachs employees can look forward to an extensive selection of cold starters , salads and both pre-packed and made to order sandwiches , gateaux , cakes , yoghurts and fruit as well as a wide range of non-alcoholic beverages , in attractive surroundings .
so the 700 goldman sachs employees can look forward to an extensive [choice] of cold starters , salads and both pre-packed and made to order sandwiches , gateaux , cakes , yoghurts and fruit as well as a wide range of non-alcoholic beverages , in attractive surroundings .

So , you know , but they had n't got the selection that Rackhams had .
so , you know , but they had n't got the [choice] that rackhams had .

Yeah , they 're good selection
yeah , they 're good [choice]

Those selection boxes
those [choice] boxes

You 've got selection boxes you 're little ones .
you 've got [choice] boxes you 're little ones .

Got such a lovely selection mind have n't they .
got such a lovely [choice] mind have n't they .

Well anyway , th they 're good ones are n't they ? It 'll give us a comprehensive selection . Wo n't it ?
well anyway , th they 're good ones are n't they ? it 'll give us a comprehensive [choice] . wo n't it ?

Got a good selection have n't they ?
got a good [choice] have n't they ?

Still , their local knowledge is invaluable : the club selection , for example , and the line one takes off the distance church steeple on holes coming home .
still , their local knowledge is invaluable : the club [choice] , for example , and the line one takes off the distance church steeple on holes coming home .

The adjustments are generally made in club selection , aim and body alignment at address .
the adjustments are generally made in club [choice] , aim and body alignment at address .

Even then it tends to be an option used for only a selection of shots depending on hazards , the pin position and preference for a particular shape of shot .
even then it tends to be an option used for only a [choice] of shots depending on hazards , the pin position and preference for a particular shape of shot .

Do n't worry about club selection as the 1 to 2 % difference is not significant .
do n't worry about club [choice] as the 1 to 2 % difference is not significant .

The final item to mention is the remaining footpedal for bank selection .
the final item to mention is the remaining footpedal for bank [choice] .

Distortion tones are thick and wholesome or thin and wiry , depending upon your selection , but once again , most bases are covered .
distortion tones are thick and wholesome or thin and wiry , depending upon your [choice] , but once again , most bases are covered .

The ‘ Attractions ’ selection from Mr Fothergill 's , at £1.99 per packet , make beautiful gardens possible no matter how small the budget
the ‘ attractions ’ [choice] from mr fothergill 's , at £1.99 per packet , make beautiful gardens possible no matter how small the budget

Pair selection
pair [choice]

The Coralife range from Energy Savers Unlimited , of California , includes a selection of products to keep your marine or freshwater fish , plants and inverts in good health .
the coralife range from energy savers unlimited , of california , includes a [choice] of products to keep your marine or freshwater fish , plants and inverts in good health .

‘ The Hohner gives you the best of both worlds with the passive/active selection .
‘ the hohner gives you the best of both worlds with the passive/active [choice] .

The pickup selection is of the automatic coil-tap variety , meaning that in positions two and four on the selector switch humbuckers are relegated to the single coil division in order that the great Strat-tone god can be invoked .
the pickup [choice] is of the automatic coil-tap variety , meaning that in positions two and four on the selector switch humbuckers are relegated to the single coil division in order that the great strat-tone god can be invoked .

In any event , the theory of environmental selection by variant genotypes within an evolving species is quite common in biology .
in any event , the theory of environmental [choice] by variant genotypes within an evolving species is quite common in biology .

Spontaneous natural selection requires an advanced level of organization at the micro-biological stage .
spontaneous natural [choice] requires an advanced level of organization at the micro-biological stage .

These changes in genetic information are passed on to offspring , a process responsible for what the neo-Darwinists call natural selection .
these changes in genetic information are passed on to offspring , a process responsible for what the neo-darwinists call natural [choice] .

Organisms throughout history have become increasingly efficient , with ‘ selection ’ driving this genetic process forward .
organisms throughout history have become increasingly efficient , with ‘ [choice] ’ driving this genetic process forward .

This is not to deny that random changes are not automatically beneficial , but the direction towards improvement comes from natural selection ; i.e .
this is not to deny that random changes are not automatically beneficial , but the direction towards improvement comes from natural [choice] ; i.e .

Natural selection is important , but may not apply universally .
natural [choice] is important , but may not apply universally .

The Burgess Shales , as they have become known , is proof to Gould that chance is more important than natural selection , since they all died off without issue whereas some minor offshoots of the extinct phenotypes , like the Crustaceans , went on to become important stepping-stones on the evolutionary ladder from which mammals finally emerged .
the burgess shales , as they have become known , is proof to gould that chance is more important than natural [choice] , since they all died off without issue whereas some minor offshoots of the extinct phenotypes , like the crustaceans , went on to become important stepping-stones on the evolutionary ladder from which mammals finally emerged .

They could catch and eat more of their staple diet — worms and insects — surviving in accordance with the laws of natural selection .
they could catch and eat more of their staple diet — worms and insects — surviving in accordance with the laws of natural [choice] .

Although evolution decrees that species of plant and animal which survive for long periods are shaped to the advantages determined by natural selection , progress over time to larger size might be a law of nature independent of environmental factors .
although evolution decrees that species of plant and animal which survive for long periods are shaped to the advantages determined by natural [choice] , progress over time to larger size might be a law of nature independent of environmental factors .

So the selection of species could favour a minority of species in which larger individuals increasingly began to interbreed .
so the [choice] of species could favour a minority of species in which larger individuals increasingly began to interbreed .

Hitherto it was thought that natural selection is standing still , or merely weeding out the more harmful defects .
hitherto it was thought that natural [choice] is standing still , or merely weeding out the more harmful defects .

In conclusion we could say that , as finding the correct thermal niche is the hallmark of natural selection , the likely midway position of dinosaurs seems a logical outcome .
in conclusion we could say that , as finding the correct thermal niche is the hallmark of natural [choice] , the likely midway position of dinosaurs seems a logical outcome .

Further , to argue , as Gandhi does , that progress towards ahi sā must have taken place otherwise the human race would have become extinct by now , in the same way as lower species of animal life have become extinct , is to ignore the principle of natural selection , and the fact that more sophisticated weapons of hi sā are now at man 's disposal making the possibility of his self-destruction and extinction more real today than at any time in the past .
further , to argue , as gandhi does , that progress towards ahi sā must have taken place otherwise the human race would have become extinct by now , in the same way as lower species of animal life have become extinct , is to ignore the principle of natural [choice] , and the fact that more sophisticated weapons of hi sā are now at man 's disposal making the possibility of his self-destruction and extinction more real today than at any time in the past .

Pickup selection is interesting : on position one we get the bridge pickup by itself ; on number two it 's both pickups coil-tapped ; position three is both humbuckers ; position four is the neck pickup coil-tapped ; while number five is the neck humbucker by itself .
pickup [choice] is interesting : on position one we get the bridge pickup by itself ; on number two it 's both pickups coil-tapped ; position three is both humbuckers ; position four is the neck pickup coil-tapped ; while number five is the neck humbucker by itself .

The bass possesses a surprising variety of tones thanks to those aforementioned pickup selection switches ; in the same cluster there 's also a ‘ tone ’ switch to allow the low end to dominate .
the bass possesses a surprising variety of tones thanks to those aforementioned pickup [choice] switches ; in the same cluster there 's also a ‘ tone ’ switch to allow the low end to dominate .

As well as the six LED-lit patch selection pedals are the programming push switches and a graphic display showing the effects available and the parameters governing each effect .
as well as the six led-lit patch [choice] pedals are the programming push switches and a graphic display showing the effects available and the parameters governing each effect .

This solo was taken from the final track of 20 year-old Blues Saraceno 's second album , ‘ Plaid ’ , and is a good example of his playing style , which , to my ears , is an excellent combination of tasteful note selection , phrasing , vibrato and flashy fretboard gymnastics .
this solo was taken from the final track of 20 year-old blues saraceno 's second album , ‘ plaid ’ , and is a good example of his playing style , which , to my ears , is an excellent combination of tasteful note [choice] , phrasing , vibrato and flashy fretboard gymnastics .

The recommendations finally made were of a highly practical nature , but they established a tradition of careful selection which was easily glamorized in both the public and the official mind .
the recommendations finally made were of a highly practical nature , but they established a tradition of careful [choice] which was easily glamorized in both the public and the official mind .

The Indian Civil Service and the Sudan Political Service each practised its own system of careful selection , but up to and including the First World War recruitment to the Colonial Service — or rather the assemblage of small local services which made it up — was on a highly casual basis .
the indian civil service and the sudan political service each practised its own system of careful [choice] , but up to and including the first world war recruitment to the colonial service — or rather the assemblage of small local services which made it up — was on a highly casual basis .

Selection procedures in general were rough and ready , perhaps because selection was scarcely the mot juste : oversupply of suitable candidates was not a problem for the Colonial Service until the 1930s , when years of misleading propaganda about difficulty of entry , combined with economic depression , had done their work .
[choice] procedures in general were rough and ready , perhaps because [choice] was scarcely the mot juste : oversupply of suitable candidates was not a problem for the colonial service until the 1930s , when years of misleading propaganda about difficulty of entry , combined with economic depression , had done their work .

Taking his cue from the Sudan Service and rejecting the written examination , Furse 's method of selection was the interview , to which he attached a great mystique .
taking his cue from the sudan service and rejecting the written examination , furse 's method of [choice] was the interview , to which he attached a great mystique .

If it creates a set of images in your mind ( whether real or imaginary ) , there has to be a reason for the selection of that particular set of images as opposed to any other .
if it creates a set of images in your mind ( whether real or imaginary ) , there has to be a reason for the [choice] of that particular set of images as opposed to any other .

More severe cases require identification of the bacterial types involved and selection of a specific antibacterial product .
more severe cases require identification of the bacterial types involved and [choice] of a specific antibacterial product .

Often you will need to purchase several males and females , and allow natural selection and pairing to occur .
often you will need to purchase several males and females , and allow natural [choice] and pairing to occur .

Pond keepers are extremely fortunate to have a vast selection of waterlilies to choose from , available in many shades of colour .
pond keepers are extremely fortunate to have a vast [choice] of waterlilies to choose from , available in many shades of colour .

These Koi have over-wintered outside and the selection process , as ever , is all part of the fun of purchase .
these koi have over-wintered outside and the [choice] process , as ever , is all part of the fun of purchase .

The company , founded over 100 years ago , has a large selection of pieces at a wide range of prices .
the company , founded over 100 years ago , has a large [choice] of pieces at a wide range of prices .

Full-length floral curtains by Interior Selection and the blinds , made up by Apollo Interior Selection fabric , also tie in with the colour scheme .
full-length floral curtains by interior [choice] and the blinds , made up by apollo interior [choice] fabric , also tie in with the colour scheme .

Do n't be swayed by a large selection of programmes — as every washing machine owner knows , most people use only a few .
do n't be swayed by a large [choice] of programmes — as every washing machine owner knows , most people use only a few .

Left : Fruit-designed hexagonal tin filled with a selection of preserves , shortbread , tea and fruit bonbons , £24 , Crabtree & Evelyn
left : fruit-designed hexagonal tin filled with a [choice] of preserves , shortbread , tea and fruit bonbons , £24 , crabtree & evelyn

Right : Lustre glass perfume bottle decorated with filigree silverwork and amethysts , from a selection at John Lewis
right : lustre glass perfume bottle decorated with filigree silverwork and amethysts , from a [choice] at john lewis

Epicure has a wide selection , from fruits and nuts to preserve and biscuits .
epicure has a wide [choice] , from fruits and nuts to preserve and biscuits .

Was there a good selection of up-to-date magazines for style inspiration ?
was there a good [choice] of up-to-date magazines for style inspiration ?

Catering for every age and passion , the selection includes a red Lotus racing car , Nintendo game boy , pink cat and champagne cake .
catering for every age and passion , the [choice] includes a red lotus racing car , nintendo game boy , pink cat and champagne cake .

Cheer up your Christmas cheeseboard with a mouth-watering Connoisseurs Choice special selection pack of three traditional English cheeses .
cheer up your christmas cheeseboard with a mouth-watering connoisseurs choice special [choice] pack of three traditional english cheeses .

During the selection process berries are bounced along shaking conveyor belts which are crossed with four inch high wooden barriers — they must be fresh and firm enough to bounce over the boards .
during the [choice] process berries are bounced along shaking conveyor belts which are crossed with four inch high wooden barriers — they must be fresh and firm enough to bounce over the boards .

Here is a selection of the book 's recipes which would grace any festive table : Frances Bissell 's oysters and turkey , Claudia Roden 's turkey stuffing , butter and a cake with a hint of the exotic and an American whiskey fruitcake , courtesy of Paul himself .
here is a [choice] of the book 's recipes which would grace any festive table : frances bissell 's oysters and turkey , claudia roden 's turkey stuffing , butter and a cake with a hint of the exotic and an american whiskey fruitcake , courtesy of paul himself .

The 400g selection comes in an assortment of shapes including crescents , fingers and petticoat tails .
the 400g [choice] comes in an assortment of shapes including crescents , fingers and petticoat tails .

Of try Tesco Luxury Shortbread , the 500g selection has four irresistible varieties — choose from choc chip , hazelnut , all butter and wholemeal .
of try tesco luxury shortbread , the 500g [choice] has four irresistible varieties — choose from choc chip , hazelnut , all butter and wholemeal .

It 's the party season , so Louise Pickford takes our favourite winter fruits and gets cracking with the nuts to produce a selection of Christmas canapés and two delicious dishes
it 's the party season , so louise pickford takes our favourite winter fruits and gets cracking with the nuts to produce a [choice] of christmas canapés and two delicious dishes

Let your fingers do the walking with Orla Broderick 's selection of light canapés and imaginative ideas for entertaining
let your fingers do the walking with orla broderick 's [choice] of light canapés and imaginative ideas for entertaining

Mode 2 offers instant patch selection by pressing the actual patch number ( hitting switch 3 and 6 gives patch 36 ) , while Mode 3 can be used to switch on or off ( via the ten preset switches ) any patch parameter .
mode 2 offers instant patch [choice] by pressing the actual patch number ( hitting switch 3 and 6 gives patch 36 ) , while mode 3 can be used to switch on or off ( via the ten preset switches ) any patch parameter .

Dietary fibre is provided by a wide selection of easily available and palatable foods .
dietary fibre is provided by a wide [choice] of easily available and palatable foods .

We believe you will find it quite difficult not to find a large number of meals which appeal to you , because no less than six cookery experts have combined their various tastes and talents to provide this selection of low-calorie , high-fibre meals .
we believe you will find it quite difficult not to find a large number of meals which appeal to you , because no less than six cookery experts have combined their various tastes and talents to provide this [choice] of low-calorie , high-fibre meals .

Next month you 'll get your chance to test your knowledge as we print a selection of the Aquachamp Club Quiz questions .
next month you 'll get your chance to test your knowledge as we print a [choice] of the aquachamp club quiz questions .

In the corner of his room stands one of several tanks in his collection , containing a selection of community fish and plants .
in the corner of his room stands one of several tanks in his collection , containing a [choice] of community fish and plants .

This selection of foods will soon bring your fish into breeding condition .
this [choice] of foods will soon bring your fish into breeding condition .

In the sixteenth century the Swiss physician Paracelsus tried to introduce more logical and effective methods of treatment.and laid the foundations of a pharmaceutical approach to drug selection , while at the same time reviving the idea of treatment by similars .
in the sixteenth century the swiss physician paracelsus tried to introduce more logical and effective methods of treatment.and laid the foundations of a pharmaceutical approach to drug [choice] , while at the same time reviving the idea of treatment by similars .

In recent years this idea has been computerized to aid in remedy selection and several computer programs now exist .
in recent years this idea has been computerized to aid in remedy [choice] and several computer programs now exist .

The totality of the symptoms , including the very important emotional and mental characteristics , are the pointers for remedy selection .
the totality of the symptoms , including the very important emotional and mental characteristics , are the pointers for remedy [choice] .

The failure of such experiments to demonstrate any effect of homoeopathic remedies is therefore just as likely to be due to inappropriate remedy selection for the model under study as to the possibility that the remedy really is inactive , or that homoeopathy is just a load of fantasy , wishful thinking and mumbo jumbo .
the failure of such experiments to demonstrate any effect of homoeopathic remedies is therefore just as likely to be due to inappropriate remedy [choice] for the model under study as to the possibility that the remedy really is inactive , or that homoeopathy is just a load of fantasy , wishful thinking and mumbo jumbo .

These conflicting experimental results may in fact be indicating that different batches or strains of the same species of plant , too , may exhibit different reaction patterns to the same homoeopathic remedy , and serve to underline the difficulty of using animal or plant models in a situation where , even with a cooperative patient giving a good history , remedy selection can be extremely difficult .
these conflicting experimental results may in fact be indicating that different batches or strains of the same species of plant , too , may exhibit different reaction patterns to the same homoeopathic remedy , and serve to underline the difficulty of using animal or plant models in a situation where , even with a cooperative patient giving a good history , remedy [choice] can be extremely difficult .

Additionally , with the exception of silver nitrate , the remedies tested in these latter experiments were different from those tested by Jones and Jenkins , and it may be that a less appropriate selection was made .
additionally , with the exception of silver nitrate , the remedies tested in these latter experiments were different from those tested by jones and jenkins , and it may be that a less appropriate [choice] was made .

Denied a selection vote because of his continuing association with one particular club , he can carry on coaching Llanelli while also — at last — having the input into the national team that many have for years wanted him to have .
denied a [choice] vote because of his continuing association with one particular club , he can carry on coaching llanelli while also — at last — having the input into the national team that many have for years wanted him to have .

What the sojourn with Blackheath and Kent did bring home to Gordon Hamilton was the tendency , even those few years ago , of the Irish selection committees to ignore overseas talent .
what the sojourn with blackheath and kent did bring home to gordon hamilton was the tendency , even those few years ago , of the irish [choice] committees to ignore overseas talent .

He criticised the way the selection of referees for the knock-out stages of the World Cup had been made , conveniently ignoring the fact that René Hourquet had been selected , only to turn down the appointment .
he criticised the way the [choice] of referees for the knock-out stages of the world cup had been made , conveniently ignoring the fact that rené hourquet had been selected , only to turn down the appointment .

While all the contenders profess great loyalty to French rugby , they have conveniently forgotten that , while they argue , France does not have a coach or a selection panel .
while all the contenders profess great loyalty to french rugby , they have conveniently forgotten that , while they argue , france does not have a coach or a [choice] panel .

Despite his humble rugby origins in Melbourne , McKenzie quickly learned the lessons in the toughest trade of the game and won Wallaby selection on the tour of England , Scotland and Italy in 1988 where he pressed for test selection .
despite his humble rugby origins in melbourne , mckenzie quickly learned the lessons in the toughest trade of the game and won wallaby [choice] on the tour of england , scotland and italy in 1988 where he pressed for test [choice] .

For very soon , cam the news that the wandering band of All Blacks had come to earth in Vichy , France , and had played a match against a French selection .
for very soon , cam the news that the wandering band of all blacks had come to earth in vichy , france , and had played a match against a french [choice] .

Canada 's selection policy came as a surprise to many observers , with changes made in the side that defeated Fiji in preparation for Romania and yet again in a winning team for the final pool game against France .
canada 's [choice] policy came as a surprise to many observers , with changes made in the side that defeated fiji in preparation for romania and yet again in a winning team for the final pool game against france .

In fact , a couple of weeks later the Soviets , a Russian/ Khazakstan selection in everything but name , managed to survive a spirited Spanish challenge in Seville with a last-minute try by centre Konovalenko , converted by fly-half Nikolaev .
in fact , a couple of weeks later the soviets , a russian/ khazakstan [choice] in everything but name , managed to survive a spirited spanish challenge in seville with a last-minute try by centre konovalenko , converted by fly-half nikolaev .

The New Zealanders instead played an Italian selection the week before the wedding of the All Black winger , John Kirwan , to a beauty from Treviso , Fiorela Tomasi .
the new zealanders instead played an italian [choice] the week before the wedding of the all black winger , john kirwan , to a beauty from treviso , fiorela tomasi .

Every act of political corruption rewards corruptibility in politics and exacerbates the social selection into public office of those who are most adeptly corrupt .
every act of political corruption rewards corruptibility in politics and exacerbates the social [choice] into public office of those who are most adeptly corrupt .

Needles were stored in a two-pound Robertson 's jam jar ; and in a long glass-topped case was a selection of knives , scalpels , forceps , scissors and syringes .
needles were stored in a two-pound robertson 's jam jar ; and in a long glass-topped case was a [choice] of knives , scalpels , forceps , scissors and syringes .

The greater part of the literature was commissioned from living authors , being either new work for the purpose ( in which case they made a gift of the copyright to the Queen ) , or their own selection from published work .
the greater part of the literature was commissioned from living authors , being either new work for the purpose ( in which case they made a gift of the copyright to the queen ) , or their own [choice] from published work .

The music for the piano is a selection from some fifty volumes of published music in the library , the work of twenty-five contemporary composers , which has been photographically reduced to scale .
the music for the piano is a [choice] from some fifty volumes of published music in the library , the work of twenty-five contemporary composers , which has been photographically reduced to scale .

The knife cleaner and a selection from the dry stores .
the knife cleaner and a [choice] from the dry stores .

No one has to tell the England manager he got it terribly wrong with his selection for the European championship matches in Sweden .
no one has to tell the england manager he got it terribly wrong with his [choice] for the european championship matches in sweden .

But the right selection is vital for this game . It 's a great opportunity to win the
but the right [choice] is vital for this game . it 's a great opportunity to win the

Right-back Gareth Hall , who missed Chelsea 's midweek Coca-Cola Cup win at Walsall , returns to a 16-man squad with goalkeeper Alec Chamberlain also back in line for selection .
right-back gareth hall , who missed chelsea 's midweek coca-cola cup win at walsall , returns to a 16-man squad with goalkeeper alec chamberlain also back in line for [choice] .

He said : ‘ The selection committee is multi-racial and we came with the 30 best players we could pick .
he said : ‘ the [choice] committee is multi-racial and we came with the 30 best players we could pick .

Bertie Bassett and the Allsorts selection began as a mistake .
bertie bassett and the allsorts [choice] began as a mistake .

The first to go under Dame Edna 's beady eye is luckless Linda , whose home in Southend houses a large selection of teddies , including a huge one on her bed .
the first to go under dame edna 's beady eye is luckless linda , whose home in southend houses a large [choice] of teddies , including a huge one on her bed .

The criteria for selection which rest on school examination results and rapport with the interviewer are still widely used .
the criteria for [choice] which rest on school examination results and rapport with the interviewer are still widely used .

You can read his selection on page 14 .
you can read his [choice] on page 14 .

The selection of source material will limit the information which can be processed , and may introduce unnecessary overheads if it does not fit material to be processed well ( Sampson , 1989 ) .
the [choice] of source material will limit the information which can be processed , and may introduce unnecessary overheads if it does not fit material to be processed well ( sampson , 1989 ) .

In his approach , selection of neighbourhoods from a lexicon for search are made on the basis of gross visual similarity .
in his approach , [choice] of neighbourhoods from a lexicon for search are made on the basis of gross visual similarity .

Knowledge of topic of discourse could also aid selection of candidates .
knowledge of topic of discourse could also aid [choice] of candidates .

Tables 5.13 i–iv show sample distributions of words in a lexicon of just over 60,000 items , by length , first letter and grammatical category , for some of the letters in the alphabet , and a selection of grammar codes .
tables 5.13 i–iv show sample distributions of words in a lexicon of just over 60,000 items , by length , first letter and grammatical category , for some of the letters in the alphabet , and a [choice] of grammar codes .

And Leeds ' fighting performance in the mid-week 1-1 draw at Aston Villa has hardly improved his chances of selection at Middlesbrough tomorrow .
and leeds ' fighting performance in the mid-week 1-1 draw at aston villa has hardly improved his chances of [choice] at middlesbrough tomorrow .

Unions threw their weight behind a call to involve them ‘ at every stage ’ in the selection of party candidates .
unions threw their weight behind a call to involve them ‘ at every stage ’ in the [choice] of party candidates .

Where playing standards are concerned the years of isolation definitely seems to have blunted South Africa 's sense of ‘ street wisdom ’ in terms of both tactics and selection — and a dismal Currie Cup final in the wake of the tours , in which Natal beat Transvaal 14–13 , indicates that the learning curve may take time .
where playing standards are concerned the years of isolation definitely seems to have blunted south africa 's sense of ‘ street wisdom ’ in terms of both tactics and [choice] — and a dismal currie cup final in the wake of the tours , in which natal beat transvaal 14–13 , indicates that the learning curve may take time .

‘ Heads must roll ’ screamed the headlines in a paper that had , before the game , seemed to agree with the selection of the national side .
‘ heads must roll ’ screamed the headlines in a paper that had , before the game , seemed to agree with the [choice] of the national side .

Lascube has served his suspension , as did Moscato , but the latter will have to show that his discipline has improved before he is to be considered for selection again .
lascube has served his suspension , as did moscato , but the latter will have to show that his discipline has improved before he is to be considered for [choice] again .

There were also calls for the selection committee to comply with a ruling which says that no player out of his own club 's first team should be picked for the Pumas .
there were also calls for the [choice] committee to comply with a ruling which says that no player out of his own club 's first team should be picked for the pumas .

Sleighthome , Bramley , Bracken , Clarke , Crompton and Ravenscroft had already earned selection for the Student World Cup team in Italy , and to top it all the first three also enjoyed a trip to Namibia and Zimbabwe with the senior North Divisional team !
sleighthome , bramley , bracken , clarke , crompton and ravenscroft had already earned [choice] for the student world cup team in italy , and to top it all the first three also enjoyed a trip to namibia and zimbabwe with the senior north divisional team !

The specialist schools will lead to more selection .
the specialist schools will lead to more [choice] .

When sending employees abroad to work , employers must consider : the selection of employees for the job ; the importance of briefing them before going ; and the contents of the compensation and benefits package .
when sending employees abroad to work , employers must consider : the [choice] of employees for the job ; the importance of briefing them before going ; and the contents of the compensation and benefits package .

Company policies on employee selection and briefing and on compensation and benefits packages will depend on the length of the posting and the type of contract under which expatriates work .
company policies on employee [choice] and briefing and on compensation and benefits packages will depend on the length of the posting and the type of contract under which expatriates work .

Before the selection process begins , candidates need to be clear about what the job abroad entails .
before the [choice] process begins , candidates need to be clear about what the job abroad entails .

Before putting themselves forward for selection , potential candidates and their families need to be aware of the foreign country 's environment — for instance its language ( s ) , climate and culture , its housing and education facilities , what security is like , and where they will be living and working .
before putting themselves forward for [choice] , potential candidates and their families need to be aware of the foreign country 's environment — for instance its language ( s ) , climate and culture , its housing and education facilities , what security is like , and where they will be living and working .

Alternatively , in organisations where such postings are advertised internally , there may be only one candidate who comes forward for selection .
alternatively , in organisations where such postings are advertised internally , there may be only one candidate who comes forward for [choice] .

Some organisations interview all candidates ' wives early in the selection process ; others invite only the wives of short-listed candidates into interview ; a few feel it unreasonable to call into question the intentions of potential expatriates ' wives .
some organisations interview all candidates ' wives early in the [choice] process ; others invite only the wives of short-listed candidates into interview ; a few feel it unreasonable to call into question the intentions of potential expatriates ' wives .

Good selection procedures and thorough briefing sessions go a long way towards making an overseas assignment a success .
good [choice] procedures and thorough briefing sessions go a long way towards making an overseas assignment a success .

Employee selection should not be rushed merely because the overseas subsidiary demands a person in the vacant job straight away .
employee [choice] should not be rushed merely because the overseas subsidiary demands a person in the vacant job straight away .

Hurried selection may result in costly failure .
hurried [choice] may result in costly failure .

Stripes can go a bit fuzzy , too , and most people bring along a selection of clothes .
stripes can go a bit fuzzy , too , and most people bring along a [choice] of clothes .

Days ago , the Sandrat had found a huge jukebox , with a selection of hits from Sove musickies .
days ago , the sandrat had found a huge jukebox , with a [choice] of hits from sove musickies .

Our generation dismisses the penitential Jesus of the Middle Ages or the gentlemanly Jesus of the Victorian drawing-rooms , but the selection of ‘ Christs ’ which is offered today is worthy of the supermarket age — Jesus the Liberator , Jesus the Soul Man , Jesus the Blessed Master , Jesus the revolutionary , Jesus the archetypal poor man , Jesus the Great Prophet .
our generation dismisses the penitential jesus of the middle ages or the gentlemanly jesus of the victorian drawing-rooms , but the [choice] of ‘ christs ’ which is offered today is worthy of the supermarket age — jesus the liberator , jesus the soul man , jesus the blessed master , jesus the revolutionary , jesus the archetypal poor man , jesus the great prophet .

Naturally your selection will reflect your own pilgrimage , your own struggles and interests .
naturally your [choice] will reflect your own pilgrimage , your own struggles and interests .

Even however , if the hereditary element were thus removed , there would remain controversy about the basis of selection for the rest .
even however , if the hereditary element were thus removed , there would remain controversy about the basis of [choice] for the rest .

Standing orders allow the Speaker ( or , in committee , the chairman ) to propose the selection of specific amendments and the rejection of others for debate , to this end .
standing orders allow the speaker ( or , in committee , the chairman ) to propose the [choice] of specific amendments and the rejection of others for debate , to this end .

In 1979 , this precedent was greatly extended with the institution of 14 new select committees each charged with the oversight of the work of a about 10 members selected by a selection committee so as to reflect , as far as possible , the strength of the various parties in the House of Commons .
in 1979 , this precedent was greatly extended with the institution of 14 new select committees each charged with the oversight of the work of a about 10 members selected by a [choice] committee so as to reflect , as far as possible , the strength of the various parties in the house of commons .

The strict selection of monks applying to Saint-Vanne and the high standards of learning it demanded of them provide an early insight into Pérignon 's own capabilities .
the strict [choice] of monks applying to saint-vanne and the high standards of learning it demanded of them provide an early insight into pérignon 's own capabilities .

Hence , the emphasis on selection today is more to identify specific clones of Pinot Noir , Pinot Meunier and Chardonnay which are best suited to each individual village .
hence , the emphasis on [choice] today is more to identify specific clones of pinot noir , pinot meunier and chardonnay which are best suited to each individual village .

Selection of suitable rootstocks in Champagne are greatly influenced by the solumological factor .
[choice] of suitable rootstocks in champagne are greatly influenced by the solumological factor .

Thermosensitive processes ( the sensitivity of court-noué to heat treatment has been known since 1921 ) together with clonal selection are the primary methods of producing so-called ‘ virus-free ’ vinestocks .
thermosensitive processes ( the sensitivity of court-noué to heat treatment has been known since 1921 ) together with clonal [choice] are the primary methods of producing so-called ‘ virus-free ’ vinestocks .

It 's the supporters club at 9 , team selection at 11 , etc . )
it 's the supporters club at 9 , team [choice] at 11 , etc . )

Team Selection :
team [choice] :

Fair match selection and good player pictures
fair match [choice] and good player pictures

The selection of men of proven evangelistic and church growth ability such as David Coffey as Evangelism Secretary at Baptist House and Douglas MacBain as General Superintendent of the Metropolitan Area ( the Baptists ' ‘ Bishop of London ’ ) was greeted with shouts of joy in the present writer 's hearing .
the [choice] of men of proven evangelistic and church growth ability such as david coffey as evangelism secretary at baptist house and douglas macbain as general superintendent of the metropolitan area ( the baptists ' ‘ bishop of london ’ ) was greeted with shouts of joy in the present writer 's hearing .

Go shopping from the comfort of your armchair . We 've got a great selection of mail order gifts , and they 're all under £25 !
go shopping from the comfort of your armchair . we 've got a great [choice] of mail order gifts , and they 're all under £25 !

Quiche selection
quiche [choice]

selection of food colourings
[choice] of food colourings

Former Test fast bowler Peter Pollock has replaced Peter van der Merwe as convenor of South Africa 's selection panel .
former test fast bowler peter pollock has replaced peter van der merwe as convenor of south africa 's [choice] panel .

He captain the county for two more seasons as an amateur before concentrating on his job with the then chairman of Warwickshire 's selection committee Alec Hastilow 's paint-manufacturing company .
he captain the county for two more seasons as an amateur before concentrating on his job with the then chairman of warwickshire 's [choice] committee alec hastilow 's paint-manufacturing company .

But he made it clear when he arrived in Perth the next day that he disagreed with Marsh 's sacking , an interesting observation given that the players ' code of behaviour specifically states that they are not permitted to comment on selection decisions .
but he made it clear when he arrived in perth the next day that he disagreed with marsh 's sacking , an interesting observation given that the players ' code of behaviour specifically states that they are not permitted to comment on [choice] decisions .

Test recognition has eluded him , though his ‘ workhorse ’ attributes have occasionally been mentioned with approval at selection meetings .
test recognition has eluded him , though his ‘ workhorse ’ attributes have occasionally been mentioned with approval at [choice] meetings .

The return from pantomimicry of Ian Botham made no difference in the selection .
the return from pantomimicry of ian botham made no difference in the [choice] .

Oliver Lange highlights his personal selection from the large number of instructional art videos currently available for purchase
oliver lange highlights his personal [choice] from the large number of instructional art videos currently available for purchase

Winsor & Newton 's Artists ' Acrylic Colours offer painters an exciting selection of bright and vibrant hues .
winsor & newton 's artists ' acrylic colours offer painters an exciting [choice] of bright and vibrant hues .

This interest in colour does not stop at traditional boundaries , because the range also includes a selection of five metallic hues , an iridescent white and six pearlescent colours .
this interest in colour does not stop at traditional boundaries , because the range also includes a [choice] of five metallic hues , an iridescent white and six pearlescent colours .

an exciting selection of bright and vibrant hues
an exciting [choice] of bright and vibrant hues

Their recently launched new selection of Liquitex Acrylic Sets will therefore be of great interest to professional artists and beginners alike .
their recently launched new [choice] of liquitex acrylic sets will therefore be of great interest to professional artists and beginners alike .

The lucky denizens of East Anglia are being given a rare opportunity to see a magnificent selection of 16th century drawings loaned form the British Museum 's great collection , which is only occasionally exhibited to the general public .
the lucky denizens of east anglia are being given a rare opportunity to see a magnificent [choice] of 16th century drawings loaned form the british museum 's great collection , which is only occasionally exhibited to the general public .

Newer materials , such as acrylics , which are being used by an increasing number of artists , are virtually passed over in favour of longer selection on preparing gesso .
newer materials , such as acrylics , which are being used by an increasing number of artists , are virtually passed over in favour of longer [choice] on preparing gesso .

Tomlinson suggests in her chapter on ‘ The Expansion of Special Education ’ that if selection by ability was inadmissible , so was selection by disability or inability .
tomlinson suggests in her chapter on ‘ the expansion of special education ’ that if [choice] by ability was inadmissible , so was [choice] by disability or inability .

That strategy incorporates a review of the content of courses of initial teacher training ; the establishment of a committee for the accreditation of courses of teacher education ; an inquiry into the procedures for the external validation of courses in public sector higher education ; an inquiry into selection for teaching ; suggestions for regular staff appraisal of teachers , and the public reporting by Her Majesty 's Inspectorate of their findings on visits to schools and colleges .
that strategy incorporates a review of the content of courses of initial teacher training ; the establishment of a committee for the accreditation of courses of teacher education ; an inquiry into the procedures for the external validation of courses in public sector higher education ; an inquiry into [choice] for teaching ; suggestions for regular staff appraisal of teachers , and the public reporting by her majesty 's inspectorate of their findings on visits to schools and colleges .

there is hidden selection within option schemes ;
there is hidden [choice] within option schemes ;

It calls for more careful selection procedures to ensure that the ‘ right ’ sort of personalities enter training for the profession .
it calls for more careful [choice] procedures to ensure that the ‘ right ’ sort of personalities enter training for the profession .

And no advice is forthcoming either on how these ( largely unstated ) qualities might be identified through the selection process .
and no advice is forthcoming either on how these ( largely unstated ) qualities might be identified through the [choice] process .

Explanations of this kind have a certain political attractiveness — by making training , selection and deployment the target of reform , things can be done , they can be seen to be done , and they can be done relatively cheaply too .
explanations of this kind have a certain political attractiveness — by making training , [choice] and deployment the target of reform , things can be done , they can be seen to be done , and they can be done relatively cheaply too .

This suggests not policies of improved training or selection , but of more generous resource allocation to the system to improve the material environment of teaching .
this suggests not policies of improved training or [choice] , but of more generous resource allocation to the system to improve the material environment of teaching .

Once we recognize how far classroom competence has its roots in status and recognition , how closely the different elements of teachers ' lives are tied together in a coherent structure of meaning and motivation , then the policy implications lead us not to personality-based initiatives or more careful selection , compulsory redundancy to remove ‘ incompetents ’ from the profession , or redeployment and encouraging early retirement , but to strategies which will improve the levels of reward and recognition in the system in terms of pay , planning time , in-service opportunity and the like , and in terms of positive ( not punitive ) systems of staff support and development .
once we recognize how far classroom competence has its roots in status and recognition , how closely the different elements of teachers ' lives are tied together in a coherent structure of meaning and motivation , then the policy implications lead us not to personality-based initiatives or more careful [choice] , compulsory redundancy to remove ‘ incompetents ’ from the profession , or redeployment and encouraging early retirement , but to strategies which will improve the levels of reward and recognition in the system in terms of pay , planning time , in-service opportunity and the like , and in terms of positive ( not punitive ) systems of staff support and development .

its suitability for , and protection by , the conditions of teacher isolation , where external criteria of professional competence are ostensibly met and inducements to change are absent . For those who wish to weaken the hold that transmission teaching has within the educational system , this more sociological approach to understanding the conditions of teaching quality suggests not a tightening-up of selection procedures , an improvement of training , and an emphasis in training and staff deployment on the strengthening of subject expertise , but policies such as the following :
its suitability for , and protection by , the conditions of teacher isolation , where external criteria of professional competence are ostensibly met and inducements to change are absent . for those who wish to weaken the hold that transmission teaching has within the educational system , this more sociological approach to understanding the conditions of teaching quality suggests not a tightening-up of [choice] procedures , an improvement of training , and an emphasis in training and staff deployment on the strengthening of subject expertise , but policies such as the following :

The identification of clients ' presenting problems and the selection of suitable remedies require greater knowledge than this , the foundation of which must be research .
the identification of clients ' presenting problems and the [choice] of suitable remedies require greater knowledge than this , the foundation of which must be research .

From the light skirmishers of Kislev through the hammer-wielding White Wolves to the proud lancers of the Knights Panther , the army of Emperor is graced with a broad selection of mounted troops .
from the light skirmishers of kislev through the hammer-wielding white wolves to the proud lancers of the knights panther , the army of emperor is graced with a broad [choice] of mounted troops .

Army Selection
army [choice]

Other variables examined related to the selection process ( infant 's age , region , and nominated time of day/time of death ) , sociodemography ( occupation , marital status , age mother left school , age of mother ) , pregnancy ( age of mother at first pregnancy , number of previous pregnancies , months pregnant when first attended antenatal clinic , attended antenatal classes ) , and postnatal factors ( infant 's sex , birth weight , gestation , admission to special care baby unit , breast feeding only at discharge from obstetric hospital , maternal smoking in last two weeks , season , infant 's sleeping position , and infant sharing a bed with another person ) .
other variables examined related to the [choice] process ( infant 's age , region , and nominated time of day/time of death ) , sociodemography ( occupation , marital status , age mother left school , age of mother ) , pregnancy ( age of mother at first pregnancy , number of previous pregnancies , months pregnant when first attended antenatal clinic , attended antenatal classes ) , and postnatal factors ( infant 's sex , birth weight , gestation , admission to special care baby unit , breast feeding only at discharge from obstetric hospital , maternal smoking in last two weeks , season , infant 's sleeping position , and infant sharing a bed with another person ) .

The flight safety officials receive reports from their own flight crews and engineering staff , and keep checks on operational irregularities and monitor the investigations of all the flight safety incidents such as engine shut-downs in flight , selection of emergency systems , component failure in flight and procedural shortcomings .
the flight safety officials receive reports from their own flight crews and engineering staff , and keep checks on operational irregularities and monitor the investigations of all the flight safety incidents such as engine shut-downs in flight , [choice] of emergency systems , component failure in flight and procedural shortcomings .

We have enclosed a selection of brochures with this letter which we hope will be of special interest to you or your colleagues .
we have enclosed a [choice] of brochures with this letter which we hope will be of special interest to you or your colleagues .

You may accept this choice , make another selection — or none at all if you prefer .
you may accept this choice , make another [choice] — or none at all if you prefer .

We are proud to be the corporate advisers to a selection of Japan 's foremost corporations , and leading underwriters in Euro issues for Japanese companies .
we are proud to be the corporate advisers to a [choice] of japan 's foremost corporations , and leading underwriters in euro issues for japanese companies .

There are also specially commissioned children 's classics and exclusive Learning Together packs — and there 's even a selection of entertaining cassettes and ‘ talking books ’ to vary the stimulus !
there are also specially commissioned children 's classics and exclusive learning together packs — and there 's even a [choice] of entertaining cassettes and ‘ talking books ’ to vary the stimulus !

Here 's a selection of the classic looks to be found in Complete Essentials Spring/Summer 1991 collection .
here 's a [choice] of the classic looks to be found in complete essentials spring/summer 1991 collection .

Product selection , specification , installation and final inspection are all overseen by highly trained personnel to give a 100 % guarantee of product reliability and satisfaction .
product [choice] , specification , installation and final inspection are all overseen by highly trained personnel to give a 100 % guarantee of product reliability and satisfaction .

Alumasc have a large selection of standard guttering profiles and will make special shapes and profiles to order , so there 's one to suit almost any building .
alumasc have a large [choice] of standard guttering profiles and will make special shapes and profiles to order , so there 's one to suit almost any building .

Outputs from 4 , 6 , 8 , 12 , 15 and now 20kW , according to selection and complete with remote start , acoustic capsule , water and fuel pumps , all Panda generators are smaller than you would think possible — Panda 4 measures only 51×37×51cm and even the mighty Panda 20 is just 94×45×66cm .
outputs from 4 , 6 , 8 , 12 , 15 and now 20kw , according to [choice] and complete with remote start , acoustic capsule , water and fuel pumps , all panda generators are smaller than you would think possible — panda 4 measures only 51×37×51cm and even the mighty panda 20 is just 94×45×66cm .

The difference is partly due , we suspect , to Cox 's own bias in the selection and interpretation of her data ; a bias just as strong as — though , of course , in the opposite direction from — that of which the pathographers have been accused .
the difference is partly due , we suspect , to cox 's own bias in the [choice] and interpretation of her data ; a bias just as strong as — though , of course , in the opposite direction from — that of which the pathographers have been accused .

Selection almost certainly involves a process of active inhibition which screens out , among other things , unwanted or inappropriate associations between thoughts .
[choice] almost certainly involves a process of active inhibition which screens out , among other things , unwanted or inappropriate associations between thoughts .

Selection mysteries have abounded on this tour but at least the move to use Robin Smith as an opener is working .
[choice] mysteries have abounded on this tour but at least the move to use robin smith as an opener is working .

No matter what is your previous experience — whether riding in a novice party or with a group of experienced riders — we have a superb selection of horses to suit everyone , hunters , thoroughbreds and top quality cobs of all sizes .
no matter what is your previous experience — whether riding in a novice party or with a group of experienced riders — we have a superb [choice] of horses to suit everyone , hunters , thoroughbreds and top quality cobs of all sizes .

With associate offices in Malta and Gozo , we are perfectly placed to offer the widest selection of new and re-sale properties .
with associate offices in malta and gozo , we are perfectly placed to offer the widest [choice] of new and re-sale properties .

Bendinat are now proud to offer a selection of property for the discerning purchaser .
bendinat are now proud to offer a [choice] of property for the discerning purchaser .

This luxury has meant that the group has been able to evolve a fairly sophisticated selection and training procedure .
this luxury has meant that the group has been able to evolve a fairly sophisticated [choice] and training procedure .

Without that we would n't have a selection and training procedure which demands that all new volunteers give equal weight to understanding of lesbian concerns and knowledge of lesbian information as well of that of gay men .
without that we would n't have a [choice] and training procedure which demands that all new volunteers give equal weight to understanding of lesbian concerns and knowledge of lesbian information as well of that of gay men .

He also lodged an appeal and , following an inquiry , the party 's assistant regional organiser ordered a re-run of the first selection meeting because rules had been breached .
he also lodged an appeal and , following an inquiry , the party 's assistant regional organiser ordered a re-run of the first [choice] meeting because rules had been breached .

Made to order , sumptuous Salad Bowls with a selection of freshly prepared salads , topped with a filling and dressing of your choice .
made to order , sumptuous salad bowls with a [choice] of freshly prepared salads , topped with a filling and dressing of your choice .

Plus a marvellous choice of English and continental foods , handmade chocolates , fresh pasta and sauces to name but a selection .
plus a marvellous choice of english and continental foods , handmade chocolates , fresh pasta and sauces to name but a [choice] .

Enter The Natural Selection for a world of difference .
enter the natural [choice] for a world of difference .

The Natural Selection offers a helping hand to extend the spirit of a free world .
the natural [choice] offers a helping hand to extend the spirit of a free world .

You 'll also find a selection of books , from Queen Victoria 's Highland journals , to the very latest bestselling thriller .
you 'll also find a [choice] of books , from queen victoria 's highland journals , to the very latest bestselling thriller .

International make-up artist Pia St. Luce will personally verify their recommendations and write to you with simple step-by-step instructions and advice on how to apply her cosmetic selection for perfect results .
international make-up artist pia st. luce will personally verify their recommendations and write to you with simple step-by-step instructions and advice on how to apply her cosmetic [choice] for perfect results .

From the time this imaginative project was conceived , the aim has been to create the most exciting and original selection of luxury homes available in Central London .
from the time this imaginative project was conceived , the aim has been to create the most exciting and original [choice] of luxury homes available in central london .

Also , a great selection of bedcovers , quilts and tablelinen .
also , a great [choice] of bedcovers , quilts and tablelinen .

Westminster chimes are standard , but for a little more you can have a selection of three chimes .
westminster chimes are standard , but for a little more you can have a [choice] of three chimes .

As well as the classic white baguette , we also bake a selection of other French breads and pastries .
as well as the classic white baguette , we also bake a [choice] of other french breads and pastries .

And we believe this selection from one of our leading publishers is an excellent introduction both to his skill — and to a lifetime 's love of books .
and we believe this [choice] from one of our leading publishers is an excellent introduction both to his skill — and to a lifetime 's love of books .

‘ We have agreed to run an open selection process to ensure that the panel is representative of our community and balanced in every way . ’
‘ we have agreed to run an open [choice] process to ensure that the panel is representative of our community and balanced in every way . ’

These are a selection of the letters received by Amnesty in response to the appeal .
these are a [choice] of the letters received by amnesty in response to the appeal .

In the poem Frost at Midnight Coleridge announced that his child Hartley was to be educated according to this theory , and Wordsworth , in writing about his own childhood , makes out a case that he was an example of the same process : The Prelude describes Wordsworth 's formative years from this point of view , and though the facts may be correct , the selection and emphasis of the facts is open to question .
in the poem frost at midnight coleridge announced that his child hartley was to be educated according to this theory , and wordsworth , in writing about his own childhood , makes out a case that he was an example of the same process : the prelude describes wordsworth 's formative years from this point of view , and though the facts may be correct , the [choice] and emphasis of the facts is open to question .

We are therefore not surprised to find that it was this part of his work which most nineteenth-century readers chose to ignore , as any Victorian anthology will prove with its selection of passages relating to Nature .
we are therefore not surprised to find that it was this part of his work which most nineteenth-century readers chose to ignore , as any victorian anthology will prove with its [choice] of passages relating to nature .

She laid out a selection of records from Harry Roy through theatrical speechifying to the Beatles and Scott Joplin .
she laid out a [choice] of records from harry roy through theatrical speechifying to the beatles and scott joplin .

This selection of photographs shows a number of this unit s aircraft wrecked , burning .
this [choice] of photographs shows a number of this unit s aircraft wrecked , burning .

While some basic variables remain infeasible , the rule for selection of the variable to leave the basis needs modification .
while some basic variables remain infeasible , the rule for [choice] of the variable to leave the basis needs modification .

Concentrating on efficiency means that we do not need to select a method of conflict resolution ( or at least may postpone the selection ) .
concentrating on efficiency means that we do not need to select a method of conflict resolution ( or at least may postpone the [choice] ) .

The remaining scope for choice surrounds the selection of an active node for development .
the remaining scope for choice surrounds the [choice] of an active node for development .

Another factor influencing this selection is the observation that variables which are nearly integer-valued often become integers , when branching on other variables .
another factor influencing this [choice] is the observation that variables which are nearly integer-valued often become integers , when branching on other variables .

Even when these two methods are employed , some automatic selection of branching variables is useful .
even when these two methods are employed , some automatic [choice] of branching variables is useful .

They stopped outside Lyons ' tea house where there was a selection of cakes in the window .
they stopped outside lyons ' tea house where there was a [choice] of cakes in the window .

Below is a selection of excerpts from letters sent by holidaymakers who travelled with us during 1991 :
below is a [choice] of excerpts from letters sent by holidaymakers who travelled with us during 1991 :

The Lochaber District Labour Party recently mustered all its activists and held a selection meeting where nine members selected six candidates for the May District Council election .
the lochaber district labour party recently mustered all its activists and held a [choice] meeting where nine members selected six candidates for the may district council election .

The costs of employing people , rather than machines , include those of selection and recruitment , training , transport to work , provision of a suitable working environment ( clean air , good lighting , moderate temperature , and freedom from hazards ) , and supervision .
the costs of employing people , rather than machines , include those of [choice] and recruitment , training , transport to work , provision of a suitable working environment ( clean air , good lighting , moderate temperature , and freedom from hazards ) , and supervision .

After selection by a local Children 's Panel Advisory Committee , new members are confirmed by the Secretary of State for Scotland .
after [choice] by a local children 's panel advisory committee , new members are confirmed by the secretary of state for scotland .

Choose from photographs of a selection of attractive dried or silk flower arrangements in a variety of colourways to complement any room setting .
choose from photographs of a [choice] of attractive dried or silk flower arrangements in a variety of colourways to complement any room setting .

So the end needle selection cams on punchcard machines should be put out of work .
so the end needle [choice] cams on punchcard machines should be put out of work .

Boasting a record of never having had a serious incident or accident in its history , Aurigny is careful about the selection of its pilots , most of whom are mature and experienced aircrew with backgrounds in airline and/or military flying .
boasting a record of never having had a serious incident or accident in its history , aurigny is careful about the [choice] of its pilots , most of whom are mature and experienced aircrew with backgrounds in airline and/or military flying .

After selection , both these systems are manually pumped out using a fore-and-aft lever beside one 's right thigh with an extending red-topped handle like a heavy walking stick .
after [choice] , both these systems are manually pumped out using a fore-and-aft lever beside one 's right thigh with an extending red-topped handle like a heavy walking stick .

In addition to these , there is a good selection of four- and three-star hotels and apartment hotels from which to choose , as well as pensions .
in addition to these , there is a good [choice] of four- and three-star hotels and apartment hotels from which to choose , as well as pensions .

Caniço has probably the best selection of restaurants outside Funchal and is very popular with both Madeirans and foreigners .
caniço has probably the best [choice] of restaurants outside funchal and is very popular with both madeirans and foreigners .

There is also a small park in Santo da Serra with a good selection of trees and shrubs , a children 's play area and small enclosures for wild ponies , deer and even kangaroos .
there is also a small park in santo da serra with a good [choice] of trees and shrubs , a children 's play area and small enclosures for wild ponies , deer and even kangaroos .

It is usually decorated with a selection of the flowers in season .
it is usually decorated with a [choice] of the flowers in season .

Most have their own band which plays a wide selection of music for dancing .
most have their own band which plays a wide [choice] of music for dancing .

It was a dramatised version of Major 's favourite spiel about himself , used to great effect at the parliamentary selection meeting for his present seat 16 years ago .
it was a dramatised version of major 's favourite spiel about himself , used to great effect at the parliamentary [choice] meeting for his present seat 16 years ago .

The reviewer is likely to get hot under the collar if a personal favourite has been left out and can easily end up merely drawing up a rival selection .
the reviewer is likely to get hot under the collar if a personal favourite has been left out and can easily end up merely drawing up a rival [choice] .

Norbrook arranges his selection not so much by genres as by historical themes , which include ‘ Topographies ’ , ‘ Church , State , and Belief ’ and ‘ Writer , Language , and Public ’ .
norbrook arranges his [choice] not so much by genres as by historical themes , which include ‘ topographies ’ , ‘ church , state , and belief ’ and ‘ writer , language , and public ’ .

Below : Ripstop nylon samples from Carrington Novare and Bainbridge as supplied to kite manufacturers for selection of colour and weight of spinnaker cloth .
below : ripstop nylon samples from carrington novare and bainbridge as supplied to kite manufacturers for [choice] of colour and weight of spinnaker cloth .

In a way , the selection is made for you if using nylon , as the highest breaking strain in nylon twist is usually 40kg or 861b .
in a way , the [choice] is made for you if using nylon , as the highest breaking strain in nylon twist is usually 40kg or 861b .

Two of the Essex Kite Group flyers have a selection of hints and tips to offer .
two of the essex kite group flyers have a [choice] of hints and tips to offer .

Selection of the line breaking strain and thickness is another tactical element .
[choice] of the line breaking strain and thickness is another tactical element .

Selection of a purchase could well depend upon the standard of manufacture .
[choice] of a purchase could well depend upon the standard of manufacture .

Masterminded once again by his redoubtable friend , producer and self-proclaimed ‘ musical masseur ’ Cowboy Jack Clement , ‘ Mystery Of Life ’ has the downhome feel and thoughtful song selection of the rejuvenated Cash .
masterminded once again by his redoubtable friend , producer and self-proclaimed ‘ musical masseur ’ cowboy jack clement , ‘ mystery of life ’ has the downhome feel and thoughtful song [choice] of the rejuvenated cash .

The point about his vulnerability over his son was not mentioned specifically ; but they learned that in fact that youth was not the only hostage , for Edward had subsequently demanded that a selection of the citizenry be yielded up also , including some mere children .
the point about his vulnerability over his son was not mentioned specifically ; but they learned that in fact that youth was not the only hostage , for edward had subsequently demanded that a [choice] of the citizenry be yielded up also , including some mere children .

The process of selection and socialization into a media organization is well documented .
the process of [choice] and socialization into a media organization is well documented .

As most part-timers are women , it would be considered ‘ grossly discriminatory ’ to have ‘ a part-timers first ’ rule on redundancy selection !
as most part-timers are women , it would be considered ‘ grossly discriminatory ’ to have ‘ a part-timers first ’ rule on redundancy [choice] !

The continuing silence of the Transport and General Workers ' Union over the selection of drivers for redundancy by Tarmac Roadstone Ltd on a quarry-by-quarry basis , resulted in a Nottingham industrial tribunal deciding that the company had acted fairly .
the continuing silence of the transport and general workers ' union over the [choice] of drivers for redundancy by tarmac roadstone ltd on a quarry-by-quarry basis , resulted in a nottingham industrial tribunal deciding that the company had acted fairly .

The following selection of cases illustrates some of the most common kinds of lawsuit which a haulier might have to defend .
the following [choice] of cases illustrates some of the most common kinds of lawsuit which a haulier might have to defend .

Thus the rally at Ardboe High Cross was also feted by a selection of prose and poetry by local writers which focused attention on the area 's rich history and culture .
thus the rally at ardboe high cross was also feted by a [choice] of prose and poetry by local writers which focused attention on the area 's rich history and culture .

Charles of the Ritz have created Bamboo , a rich selection of seasonal shades to give an exotic look .
charles of the ritz have created bamboo , a rich [choice] of seasonal shades to give an exotic look .

Nevertheless a strong archaic effect is produced , by inversion of nouns and adjectives , careful selection of adverbs of time like ‘ yet ’ and ‘ seldom ’ , and other less obvious linguistic features .
nevertheless a strong archaic effect is produced , by inversion of nouns and adjectives , careful [choice] of adverbs of time like ‘ yet ’ and ‘ seldom ’ , and other less obvious linguistic features .

However , as the laying-out and preparation of the body was at that time the responsibility of the family , it would appear that the guild limited themselves to three actions : the marshalling of their members to attend , and the selection from that company of those to carry the coffin ( though it would have been a strong guild able to command more than half a dozen of its members during a weekday ) ; to see the coffin safely into the church and to ensure that the burial equipment was in place ; and to attend the full obsequies on the following day , including the funeral feast .
however , as the laying-out and preparation of the body was at that time the responsibility of the family , it would appear that the guild limited themselves to three actions : the marshalling of their members to attend , and the [choice] from that company of those to carry the coffin ( though it would have been a strong guild able to command more than half a dozen of its members during a weekday ) ; to see the coffin safely into the church and to ensure that the burial equipment was in place ; and to attend the full obsequies on the following day , including the funeral feast .

But cafés and restaurants which style themselves ‘ wholefood ’ have a selection of hot and cold dishes based on them , usually combined with equally healthy vegetarian sauces and dressings .
but cafés and restaurants which style themselves ‘ wholefood ’ have a [choice] of hot and cold dishes based on them , usually combined with equally healthy vegetarian sauces and dressings .

Among the Spanish restaurants , the most popular and stylish are the tapas bars , in which a selection of large ‘ snacks ’ are offered across the bar , and customers usually order several among a group to sample with wine or sherry .
among the spanish restaurants , the most popular and stylish are the tapas bars , in which a [choice] of large ‘ snacks ’ are offered across the bar , and customers usually order several among a group to sample with wine or sherry .

Looking after your own hair at home has never been easier with the huge selection of style aids such as gels , mousses , creams , waxes and spray setters and finishers to choose from .
looking after your own hair at home has never been easier with the huge [choice] of style aids such as gels , mousses , creams , waxes and spray setters and finishers to choose from .

He took most of the responsibility for the selection and training of staff , with whom he enjoyed good relations , and was an excellent host , with a particular knowledge of French wines .
he took most of the responsibility for the [choice] and training of staff , with whom he enjoyed good relations , and was an excellent host , with a particular knowledge of french wines .

L'Auberge maintained an unusually extensive and well-selected wine list , and George was usually on hand to supervise the restaurant and offer advice to customers on the selection of food and drink .
l'auberge maintained an unusually extensive and well-selected wine list , and george was usually on hand to supervise the restaurant and offer advice to customers on the [choice] of food and drink .

These questions should have been foreseen , certainly , but the real personnel issues have more to do with selection , induction and training in general , and the question is whether George 's relatively informal system is really suited to the new circumstances .
these questions should have been foreseen , certainly , but the real personnel issues have more to do with [choice] , induction and training in general , and the question is whether george 's relatively informal system is really suited to the new circumstances .

Part 2 : Criteria Involved in Conference Venue Selection
part 2 : criteria involved in conference venue [choice]

Lawson ( 1981 ) identifies several factors which influence the selection of a conference venue :
lawson ( 1981 ) identifies several factors which influence the [choice] of a conference venue :

As we said when introducing an earlier case , managers have to learn to make sense of all kinds of technical documents , so we are not going to apologise for making you wade through a selection of press releases , offers and the like .
as we said when introducing an earlier case , managers have to learn to make sense of all kinds of technical documents , so we are not going to apologise for making you wade through a [choice] of press releases , offers and the like .

After being ignored by streams of tight-lipped Brits , the Goldsmiths graduate finally amassed almost 400 portraits , a selection of which are on display at the Marconi Gallery in Milan this month .
after being ignored by streams of tight-lipped brits , the goldsmiths graduate finally amassed almost 400 portraits , a [choice] of which are on display at the marconi gallery in milan this month .

Brand new from The Body Shop this month is a fresh and fruity selection of Bath and Shower Gels . Look out for Pink Grapefruit , a refreshing gel to tone the body — great for adding a sizzle to your morning shower !
brand new from the body shop this month is a fresh and fruity [choice] of bath and shower gels . look out for pink grapefruit , a refreshing gel to tone the body — great for adding a sizzle to your morning shower !

It 's the mad month of march and we 've put together a selection of some of the wildest styles around . They are fun , outrageous , extravagant and even over the top !
it 's the mad month of march and we 've put together a [choice] of some of the wildest styles around . they are fun , outrageous , extravagant and even over the top !

There are many more , far too numerous to mention here , but The Body Shop stock a good selection of aromatherapy oils as do most health food sores .
there are many more , far too numerous to mention here , but the body shop stock a good [choice] of aromatherapy oils as do most health food sores .

The ‘ Green Gift by Post ’ service includes a tempting selection of natural toiletries and cosmetics — call for an order form and prices .
the ‘ green gift by post ’ service includes a tempting [choice] of natural toiletries and cosmetics — call for an order form and prices .

Jeff Banks discusses the commentary while photographer Will White sets the scene with a selection of beautiful models .
jeff banks discusses the commentary while photographer will white sets the scene with a [choice] of beautiful models .

On top , he placed two more rolls of cheaper , coarser home-produced material and an oilskin pouch containing the tools of his trade — finely-honed shears , measuring tapes and a selection of threads and stainless steel needles , carefully graded in size .
on top , he placed two more rolls of cheaper , coarser home-produced material and an oilskin pouch containing the tools of his trade — finely-honed shears , measuring tapes and a [choice] of threads and stainless steel needles , carefully graded in size .

Kirov chose another snap which he had taken at a pavement cafe in Tbilisi , bringing his final selection to four .
kirov chose another snap which he had taken at a pavement cafe in tbilisi , bringing his final [choice] to four .

You failed miserably to mention the excellent selection of scalable fonts that come with PagePlus .
you failed miserably to mention the excellent [choice] of scalable fonts that come with pageplus .

Claris 's state of unreadiness manifests itself when it comes to the selection of features .
claris 's state of unreadiness manifests itself when it comes to the [choice] of features .

This kind of intelligent selection if the function of the accompanying software rather than the tape unit .
this kind of intelligent [choice] if the function of the accompanying software rather than the tape unit .

This month 's selection of the latest hardware and software includes more screen-saving madness ; a desktop publishing program with a difference ; British Rail 's answer to timetable misery ; a fax modem that is n't a fax modem ; and a security package to keep the contents of your portable computer safe .
this month 's [choice] of the latest hardware and software includes more screen-saving madness ; a desktop publishing program with a difference ; british rail 's answer to timetable misery ; a fax modem that is n't a fax modem ; and a security package to keep the contents of your portable computer safe .

To achieve this you need simple drawing tools that allow you to reshape something once you 've drawn it , and a good selection of relevant clip-art .
to achieve this you need simple drawing tools that allow you to reshape something once you 've drawn it , and a good [choice] of relevant clip-art .

Look for comprehensive bezier drawing tools , precise selection and alignment tools , colour and wireframe editing and the ability to specify dimensions mathematically , as well as by eye .
look for comprehensive bezier drawing tools , precise [choice] and alignment tools , colour and wireframe editing and the ability to specify dimensions mathematically , as well as by eye .

Although its drawing and selection tools are slightly more convoluted than they need be , the program is easy to get to grips with and has some nice touches that make it more usable than most .
although its drawing and [choice] tools are slightly more convoluted than they need be , the program is easy to get to grips with and has some nice touches that make it more usable than most .

This is largely because of the subtle differences between its superb selection tools , which often baffle newcomers .
this is largely because of the subtle differences between its superb [choice] tools , which often baffle newcomers .

History names the process of constituting historical facts , and , particularly , of their selection .
history names the process of constituting historical facts , and , particularly , of their [choice] .

Totalization in the first Critique , Lévi-Strauss suggests , can only create its meaning by selection through such metonymic devices of exclusion , that is , by founding itself on an — ethnocentric — absence .
totalization in the first critique , lévi-strauss suggests , can only create its meaning by [choice] through such metonymic devices of exclusion , that is , by founding itself on an — ethnocentric — absence .

Selection is governed , partly by the availability of material and partly by choice .
[choice] is governed , partly by the availability of material and partly by choice .

In our study , gender was taken account of in the selection of workshops : we studied workshops with men only , with women only , workshops where men and women did the same work and were paid at the same rate , and those where the sexes did different jobs and men were paid more than women .
in our study , gender was taken account of in the [choice] of workshops : we studied workshops with men only , with women only , workshops where men and women did the same work and were paid at the same rate , and those where the sexes did different jobs and men were paid more than women .

The normal army selection proportions do not apply , although other normal restrictions do ( eg , you need an Orc unit to buy an Orc war machine ) .
the normal army [choice] proportions do not apply , although other normal restrictions do ( eg , you need an orc unit to buy an orc war machine ) .

Army Selection
army [choice]

However , there is wide variation in the group , and care is needed in the selection .
however , there is wide variation in the group , and care is needed in the [choice] .

The advice is often given to see roses at the shows , and make your selection there .
the advice is often given to see roses at the shows , and make your [choice] there .

Selection and training of interviewers ( if necessary ) If there are large numbers of people to be interviewed , it will be necessary to select and train a team of people to act as assistant interviewers ( e.g .
[choice] and training of interviewers ( if necessary ) if there are large numbers of people to be interviewed , it will be necessary to select and train a team of people to act as assistant interviewers ( e.g .

Selection of a topic and group is also affected by the fact that some groups have the power to refuse access to researchers .
[choice] of a topic and group is also affected by the fact that some groups have the power to refuse access to researchers .

In any case , it must be recognized that these notes , however full and detailed , are a selection from all the events that the researcher witnessed , and that this selection is made on the basis of what the researcher considers to be significant .
in any case , it must be recognized that these notes , however full and detailed , are a [choice] from all the events that the researcher witnessed , and that this [choice] is made on the basis of what the researcher considers to be significant .

In contrast to the storm-lashed Outer Kingdoms and the twilit Annulii the Inner Kingdoms bask in eternal summer , filled with a dazzling selection of exotic plants and animals unknown in other lands .
in contrast to the storm-lashed outer kingdoms and the twilit annulii the inner kingdoms bask in eternal summer , filled with a dazzling [choice] of exotic plants and animals unknown in other lands .

Naturally , since having their ruler become the Phoenix King enhances the prestige of a kingdom , the selection of the new ruler of Ulthuan is a process fraught with diplomatic manoeuvring as the interests of various political factions have to be juggled .
naturally , since having their ruler become the phoenix king enhances the prestige of a kingdom , the [choice] of the new ruler of ulthuan is a process fraught with diplomatic manoeuvring as the interests of various political factions have to be juggled .

Morathi shrieked her protests at her son not being chosen but he calmed her and agreed that the selection was a good one .
morathi shrieked her protests at her son not being chosen but he calmed her and agreed that the [choice] was a good one .

They sought the selection of Kregan of Yvresse .
they sought the [choice] of kregan of yvresse .

But the mass media select which events to cover and they take decisions about how those events will be presented ; they therefore not only inform us about ( a small selection of ) events but their presentation of those events will also consist of their explanations and interpretations of those events .
but the mass media select which events to cover and they take decisions about how those events will be presented ; they therefore not only inform us about ( a small [choice] of ) events but their presentation of those events will also consist of their explanations and interpretations of those events .

Analyses of ‘ news values ’ suggest that the information chosen is not simply a random selection of events .
analyses of ‘ news values ’ suggest that the information chosen is not simply a random [choice] of events .

Thus the process of message selection and presentation encapsulates the notion of audience feedback .
thus the process of message [choice] and presentation encapsulates the notion of audience feedback .

As Curran commented with respect to the 1920s and 1930s , ‘ developments in the process of media selection and market analysis , combined with important market changes , positively fostered the development of a left press ' .
as curran commented with respect to the 1920s and 1930s , ‘ developments in the process of media [choice] and market analysis , combined with important market changes , positively fostered the development of a left press ' .

They adamantly believed that ‘ at that time it was not done to ‘ ’ poach ' ’ settled executives in any direct or overt way ' ; but they may be seen as the precursors of headhunting in Britain , in so far as they acted as consultants in executive selection and advertising , within a general management consultancy practice .
they adamantly believed that ‘ at that time it was not done to ‘ ’ poach ' ’ settled executives in any direct or overt way ' ; but they may be seen as the precursors of headhunting in britain , in so far as they acted as consultants in executive [choice] and advertising , within a general management consultancy practice .

Executive search was a more scientific — and more profitable — rarefied form of more general appointment selection , a natural corollary of management consulting .
executive search was a more scientific — and more profitable — rarefied form of more general appointment [choice] , a natural corollary of management consulting .

Although he spent his early career teaching , including seven years as a headmaster , he moved into management consultancy work at the beginning of the 1960s , using a variety of selection firms on behalf of his clients .
although he spent his early career teaching , including seven years as a headmaster , he moved into management consultancy work at the beginning of the 1960s , using a variety of [choice] firms on behalf of his clients .

This influenced Silverman 's first commercial venture , a forerunner in the search consultancy business , Lloyd Executive Selection , which offered a contingency service , employing market research techniques and limited advertising to recruit specialist managers in accountancy , law , banking , insurance and marketing .
this influenced silverman 's first commercial venture , a forerunner in the search consultancy business , lloyd executive [choice] , which offered a contingency service , employing market research techniques and limited advertising to recruit specialist managers in accountancy , law , banking , insurance and marketing .

Merton itself , as a result of Silverman 's experience in selection , advertising and research , was first conceived as a high-level recruitment consultancy which then evolved into a management consultancy and executive search practice ; he based his approach — ahead of its time in Britain in the mid-1970s — on the concept of building up a profile of ‘ the ideal candidate ’ by using the most sophisticated industrial market research techniques , approaching a recruitment programme in the same way as he had devised and implemented a marketing plan .
merton itself , as a result of silverman 's experience in [choice] , advertising and research , was first conceived as a high-level recruitment consultancy which then evolved into a management consultancy and executive search practice ; he based his approach — ahead of its time in britain in the mid-1970s — on the concept of building up a profile of ‘ the ideal candidate ’ by using the most sophisticated industrial market research techniques , approaching a recruitment programme in the same way as he had devised and implemented a marketing plan .

As in the case of the early home-grown British firms , many of the Big Four 's consultants were of the first two types of headhunter we have identified : either the aristocrat with the old-boy network contacts or the practical selection and management consultant type whose experience was more in personnel than commerce and industry .
as in the case of the early home-grown british firms , many of the big four 's consultants were of the first two types of headhunter we have identified : either the aristocrat with the old-boy network contacts or the practical [choice] and management consultant type whose experience was more in personnel than commerce and industry .

Moreover , the methods followed by interpretative sociologists in the selection and analysis of speech bear certain other important resemblances to those used by literary artists .
moreover , the methods followed by interpretative sociologists in the [choice] and analysis of speech bear certain other important resemblances to those used by literary artists .

While they remained relatively free to organise their own practices , they had little power to influence recruitment , selection , training and licensing .
while they remained relatively free to organise their own practices , they had little power to influence recruitment , [choice] , training and licensing .

Eligibility for selection as a duty solicitor has gone through three distinct and separate phases .
eligibility for [choice] as a duty solicitor has gone through three distinct and separate phases .

On reading many accounts of evolution one might be forgiven for thinking that its purpose was to produce us , the species Homo sapiens sapiens , in a rerun of the biblical account of creation with the agency of God replaced by the blind force of natural selection .
on reading many accounts of evolution one might be forgiven for thinking that its purpose was to produce us , the species homo sapiens sapiens , in a rerun of the biblical account of creation with the agency of god replaced by the blind force of natural [choice] .

Of course , it is more complex than that because allowance has to be made for convergent evolution , which is the acquisition of common characteristics by virtue of having been subjected to the same selection pressures , rather than because of sharing a common ancestor .
of course , it is more complex than that because allowance has to be made for convergent evolution , which is the acquisition of common characteristics by virtue of having been subjected to the same [choice] pressures , rather than because of sharing a common ancestor .

The selection of the most appropriate way is the subject of the next stage , the stage of representation and algorithm , in which a set of decision criteria for identifying maximum rate of change is established .
the [choice] of the most appropriate way is the subject of the next stage , the stage of representation and algorithm , in which a set of decision criteria for identifying maximum rate of change is established .

This selection of valley routes concentrates on waterside walking .
this [choice] of valley routes concentrates on waterside walking .

Most backpackers end up owning a modest selection of stoves to cover varying conditions .
most backpackers end up owning a modest [choice] of stoves to cover varying conditions .

Even when such a selection of documents for publication is reasonably impartial , a historian must consult other materials in order to evaluate it properly .
even when such a [choice] of documents for publication is reasonably impartial , a historian must consult other materials in order to evaluate it properly .

In fact , Peirce 's explanation is metaphysical , resting on his panpsychist objective idealism : he rejects the use of natural selection in the explanation because the fact that a faculty was necessary for the commonsense inquiries which facilitate survival and reproduction is no guarantee that it will help us to describe reality .
in fact , peirce 's explanation is metaphysical , resting on his panpsychist objective idealism : he rejects the use of natural [choice] in the explanation because the fact that a faculty was necessary for the commonsense inquiries which facilitate survival and reproduction is no guarantee that it will help us to describe reality .

Unless such points are maintained , the analogy becomes so strained that little that is distinctive about natural selection remains .
unless such points are maintained , the analogy becomes so strained that little that is distinctive about natural [choice] remains .

The two leading concepts in the analysis of animal societies are kin selection ( Hamilton 1964 ) and evolutionary game theory ( Maynard Smith & price 1973 ) .
the two leading concepts in the analysis of animal societies are kin [choice] ( hamilton 1964 ) and evolutionary game theory ( maynard smith & price 1973 ) .

If this were so , kin selection could operate only in species of high intelligence .
if this were so , kin [choice] could operate only in species of high intelligence .

One of the clearest examples of kin selection occurs in a bacterial plasmid ( Maynard Smith 1978 ) ; despite misunderstandings of the phrase ‘ selfish gene ’ , no one supposes that plasmids think .
one of the clearest examples of kin [choice] occurs in a bacterial plasmid ( maynard smith 1978 ) ; despite misunderstandings of the phrase ‘ selfish gene ’ , no one supposes that plasmids think .

Of course , if an animal could distinguish close relatives from distant ones , then selection would favour a gene causing altruistic acts to be directed preferentially towards the former .
of course , if an animal could distinguish close relatives from distant ones , then [choice] would favour a gene causing altruistic acts to be directed preferentially towards the former .

Animals do behave differently towards different conspecifics , both in cooperative interactions and in mate selection ( Bateson 1980 ) , and the criteria used in discrimination are correlated with actual genetic relationship .
animals do behave differently towards different conspecifics , both in cooperative interactions and in mate [choice] ( bateson 1980 ) , and the criteria used in discrimination are correlated with actual genetic relationship .

that they behave as predicted by kin selection theory , with the added assumption that individuals know , at least approximately , their degree of relatedness to other members of their society .
that they behave as predicted by kin [choice] theory , with the added assumption that individuals know , at least approximately , their degree of relatedness to other members of their society .

Is the italicised clause incidental or essential ? On McDowell 's view it is not essential insofar as one is concerned just with explaining how language evolved to something like its present state of syntactic complexity , as selection favoured its communicative successes .
is the italicised clause incidental or essential ? on mcdowell 's view it is not essential insofar as one is concerned just with explaining how language evolved to something like its present state of syntactic complexity , as [choice] favoured its communicative successes .

The apes being taught are therefore without an evolutionarily conferred advantage that human children enjoy — that of employing learning techniques , and being initiated by their elders , in a way that has presumably been refined by selection pressures over a very long time .
the apes being taught are therefore without an evolutionarily conferred advantage that human children enjoy — that of employing learning techniques , and being initiated by their elders , in a way that has presumably been refined by [choice] pressures over a very long time .

They may well have certain cerebral pre-adaptations that subtended vocalised speech linked with gesture , which responded in some ancestral line to pressures of selection for an ever more complex code of communication .
they may well have certain cerebral pre-adaptations that subtended vocalised speech linked with gesture , which responded in some ancestral line to pressures of [choice] for an ever more complex code of communication .

Erik Olin Wright , for example , has broken down the concept of ‘ determination ’ into six distinct relations : structural limitation , selection , reproduction/non-reproduction , limits of functional compatibility , transformation and mediation .
erik olin wright , for example , has broken down the concept of ‘ determination ’ into six distinct relations : structural limitation , [choice] , reproduction/non-reproduction , limits of functional compatibility , transformation and mediation .

Another is the Whiggish , anachronistic myth that Darwin 's general biological thought consists of a molecule comprising just two atoms : the idea of evolution and the idea of natural selection .
another is the whiggish , anachronistic myth that darwin 's general biological thought consists of a molecule comprising just two atoms : the idea of evolution and the idea of natural [choice] .

The origins of natural selection and pangenesis ( 1838–42 )
the origins of natural [choice] and pangenesis ( 1838–42 )

( Hence the carnivorous canines In Darwin 's later thought-experiments on natural selection . )
( hence the carnivorous canines in darwin 's later thought-experiments on natural [choice] . )

In artificial selection , the chosen end , for which the race is being fitted , does not elicit the variation being selected .
in artificial [choice] , the chosen end , for which the race is being fitted , does not elicit the variation being selected .

So , Darwin reasoned , natural selection likewise could work with variation that is accidentally rather than necessarily adaptive .
so , darwin reasoned , natural [choice] likewise could work with variation that is accidentally rather than necessarily adaptive .

If changes in conditions disrupt the precise replication of parental characters so as to yield hereditary variation , then , providing only that some of it happens to be adaptive , this will suffice in the long run for selection as a cause of adaptive species formations .
if changes in conditions disrupt the precise replication of parental characters so as to yield hereditary variation , then , providing only that some of it happens to be adaptive , this will suffice in the long run for [choice] as a cause of adaptive species formations .

With these developments beyond his mid-September 1838 positions , Darwin had reached the theory of natural selection much as he would publish it later .
with these developments beyond his mid-september 1838 positions , darwin had reached the theory of natural [choice] much as he would publish it later .

Pangenesis was never , however , to meet the vera causa evidential ideal , as Darwin himself was keenly aware , and he published it only after natural selection had been launched unencumbered by any such conjectural causation for generation .
pangenesis was never , however , to meet the vera causa evidential ideal , as darwin himself was keenly aware , and he published it only after natural [choice] had been launched unencumbered by any such conjectural causation for generation .

The existence of natural selection as a causal agency is evidenced first ; then its adequacy to produce new species from old is argued by analogy from the ability of artificial selection , although much less precise and prolonged , to produce domestic races .
the existence of natural [choice] as a causal agency is evidenced first ; then its adequacy to produce new species from old is argued by analogy from the ability of artificial [choice] , although much less precise and prolonged , to produce domestic races .

To Darwin , natural selection , as a causal agency and lawful process , was akin , in its vera causa credentials , to gravitational force in celestial mechanics .
to darwin , natural [choice] , as a causal agency and lawful process , was akin , in its vera causa credentials , to gravitational force in celestial mechanics .

He was , in so far as he underestimated the implications of one major disanalogy : he had no law that was to natural selection as the Newtonian inverse square law ( with proportionality to mass products ) was to gravitational attraction .
he was , in so far as he underestimated the implications of one major disanalogy : he had no law that was to natural [choice] as the newtonian inverse square law ( with proportionality to mass products ) was to gravitational attraction .

For this disanalogy arose from another : Darwin 's natural selection as a lawn process was complex , being compounded from heredity , variation and superfecundity , each of those processes having its own laws ; while Newton 's gravitational force was not compound and had a single law of its own .
for this disanalogy arose from another : darwin 's natural [choice] as a lawn process was complex , being compounded from heredity , variation and superfecundity , each of those processes having its own laws ; while newton 's gravitational force was not compound and had a single law of its own .

By contrast , the consequences and so competences , and hence the adequacies or inadequacies , of natural selection , especially for long-run effects , were practically impossible to decide , at least for a finite intellect ; although the young Darwin himself could consistently suppose that God in choosing this means for adapting life to a changing earth had foreseen all its consequences .
by contrast , the consequences and so competences , and hence the adequacies or inadequacies , of natural [choice] , especially for long-run effects , were practically impossible to decide , at least for a finite intellect ; although the young darwin himself could consistently suppose that god in choosing this means for adapting life to a changing earth had foreseen all its consequences .

Any natural selection involves differential reproductive success that is nonfortuitous because determined by the way variant organisms are interacting with an environment that is causally sensitive to those particular physical differences in the organisms .
any natural [choice] involves differential reproductive success that is nonfortuitous because determined by the way variant organisms are interacting with an environment that is causally sensitive to those particular physical differences in the organisms .

If more red than green members of a species of moth living on green foliage are being killed by predators , that may be selection ; but only if the predators are not colour-blind ; if they are it is random sampling error .
if more red than green members of a species of moth living on green foliage are being killed by predators , that may be [choice] ; but only if the predators are not colour-blind ; if they are it is random sampling error .

The non-tautologousness of natural selection .
the non-tautologousness of natural [choice] .

Darwin 's vera causa argumentation shows that natural selection is not tautologous for one reason , ultimately .
darwin 's vera causa argumentation shows that natural [choice] is not tautologous for one reason , ultimately .

The definitional question , of what natural selection is , can be answered by specifying necessary and sufficient conditions for its occurrence , namely hereditary variation that is causally relevant to reproductive success thanks to organism-environment interactions ; it can , then , be answered without begging in advance of empirical inquiry all those further questions as to whether these conditions are ever met : whether , that is , any natural selection exists ; and , if so , how it is distributed , what it can do now and what it has been responsible for in the past .
the definitional question , of what natural [choice] is , can be answered by specifying necessary and sufficient conditions for its occurrence , namely hereditary variation that is causally relevant to reproductive success thanks to organism-environment interactions ; it can , then , be answered without begging in advance of empirical inquiry all those further questions as to whether these conditions are ever met : whether , that is , any natural [choice] exists ; and , if so , how it is distributed , what it can do now and what it has been responsible for in the past .

It is , then , a mistake to defend natural selection against the tautology objection by proposing criteria of fitness independent of reproductive success .
it is , then , a mistake to defend natural [choice] against the tautology objection by proposing criteria of fitness independent of reproductive success .

Likewise , in natural selection it is physical differences , not the differences in reproductive expectancies estimated from them , that can cause and can explain subsequent reproductive performance differences .
likewise , in natural [choice] it is physical differences , not the differences in reproductive expectancies estimated from them , that can cause and can explain subsequent reproductive performance differences .

So , natural selection is no untestable tautology , but not because fitness measurements , as expectancy estimates , can sometimes be falsified by later performance measurements .
so , natural [choice] is no untestable tautology , but not because fitness measurements , as expectancy estimates , can sometimes be falsified by later performance measurements .

Natural selection is no tautology , because there is no a priori proof , from its definition alone , for its existence , nor then for its prevalence , or its adequacy or its responsibility for evolution .
natural [choice] is no tautology , because there is no a priori proof , from its definition alone , for its existence , nor then for its prevalence , or its adequacy or its responsibility for evolution .

It has often been said that the decisive development since Darwin was a new synthesis , in the 1920s and 1930s , of Mendel on heredity and Darwin on selection .
it has often been said that the decisive development since darwin was a new synthesis , in the 1920s and 1930s , of mendel on heredity and darwin on [choice] .

These forces have been described as ‘ Wallacian ’ ( Harper , 1977 ) , because they represent those agents of natural selection that were of more concern to Wallace than to Darwin in accounting for how organisms are as they are and behave as they do .
these forces have been described as ‘ wallacian ’ ( harper , 1977 ) , because they represent those agents of natural [choice] that were of more concern to wallace than to darwin in accounting for how organisms are as they are and behave as they do .

The likely explanation is that it is biotic pressure from competing neighbours rather than ‘ harshness ’ of the physical environment that is the prime cause of death of most plants and perhaps of natural selection .
the likely explanation is that it is biotic pressure from competing neighbours rather than ‘ harshness ’ of the physical environment that is the prime cause of death of most plants and perhaps of natural [choice] .

Most of these detailed demographic studies have been made with pasture or woodland systems in northern temperate regions and it could well be that in arid zones , and some other extreme environments , biotic pressures are less dominant and then climatic factors may play the major role in killing plants and in natural selection .
most of these detailed demographic studies have been made with pasture or woodland systems in northern temperate regions and it could well be that in arid zones , and some other extreme environments , biotic pressures are less dominant and then climatic factors may play the major role in killing plants and in natural [choice] .

The population dynamics and genetics of these two species in the permanent pasture at Henfaes seemed to over the opportunity to study natural selection in action — Hutchinson 's ‘ ecological theater and evolutionary play ’ .
the population dynamics and genetics of these two species in the permanent pasture at henfaes seemed to over the opportunity to study natural [choice] in action — hutchinson 's ‘ ecological theater and evolutionary play ’ .

The computer models simulated the actual flux of ramets in each of eight studied populations and followed the fates of ramets and families of ramets assuming no selection between families .
the computer models simulated the actual flux of ramets in each of eight studied populations and followed the fates of ramets and families of ramets assuming no [choice] between families .

Agreement is extremely close and provides little evidence for selection between families or against new seedling recruits .
agreement is extremely close and provides little evidence for [choice] between families or against new seedling recruits .

In the simulation model , in the absence of selection , the number of original families present in the population declined at an approximately exponential rate .
in the simulation model , in the absence of [choice] , the number of original families present in the population declined at an approximately exponential rate .

In the absence of selection , the observed small numbers of seedling recruits would apparently be sufficient to maintain potentially high genet diversity within such a vigorously clonal plant population .
in the absence of [choice] , the observed small numbers of seedling recruits would apparently be sufficient to maintain potentially high genet diversity within such a vigorously clonal plant population .

The real measure should be whether selection is significant against normal levels of background variation .
the real measure should be whether [choice] is significant against normal levels of background variation .

The preferential replication of genes by means of natural selection may well be a necessary condition for evolution to take place , but it is hardly a sufficient explanation for how the enormous diversity of life in space and time has come about .
the preferential replication of genes by means of natural [choice] may well be a necessary condition for evolution to take place , but it is hardly a sufficient explanation for how the enormous diversity of life in space and time has come about .

Alternatively , or in association , it could be that the pronounced environmental changes associated with the regression events act to destabilize intraspecific selection pressures and hence promote speciation .
alternatively , or in association , it could be that the pronounced environmental changes associated with the regression events act to destabilize intraspecific [choice] pressures and hence promote speciation .

Or perhaps the increasingly unstable environments of the late Cainozoic associated with climatic deterioration caused a selection for eurytopic organisms well adapted to withstand environmental instability .
or perhaps the increasingly unstable environments of the late cainozoic associated with climatic deterioration caused a [choice] for eurytopic organisms well adapted to withstand environmental instability .

It was to provide an explanation for the evolution of sex differences that Charles Darwin formulated the theory of sexual selection , described first in The Origin of Species ( 1859 ) and later , in greater depth , in The Descent of Man ( 1871 ) .
it was to provide an explanation for the evolution of sex differences that charles darwin formulated the theory of sexual [choice] , described first in the origin of species ( 1859 ) and later , in greater depth , in the descent of man ( 1871 ) .

The origin of the theory of sexual selection can be traced to a peacock — or , rather , a peahen owned by Lady Tynte .
the origin of the theory of sexual [choice] can be traced to a peacock — or , rather , a peahen owned by lady tynte .

The theory of sexual selection was intended to provide an explanation only of secondary sexual characteristics .
the theory of sexual [choice] was intended to provide an explanation only of secondary sexual characteristics .

He distinguished sexual selection from natural selection on two grounds : .
he distinguished sexual [choice] from natural [choice] on two grounds : .

‘ … This form of selection depends , not on a struggle for existence in relation to other organic beings or to external conditions , but on a struggle between the individuals of one sex , generally the males , for the possession of the other sex .
‘ … this form of [choice] depends , not on a struggle for existence in relation to other organic beings or to external conditions , but on a struggle between the individuals of one sex , generally the males , for the possession of the other sex .

Darwin 's theory of sexual selection was less readily accepted by scientists than the theory of natural selection .
darwin 's theory of sexual [choice] was less readily accepted by scientists than the theory of natural [choice] .

Wallace ( 1889 ) agreed that combat between males was an important source of selection pressures leading to sexual dimorphism but regarded this as a form of natural selection on the grounds that it increased ‘ the vigour and fighting power of the male animal , since , in every case , the weaker are either killed , wounded or driven away ’ .
wallace ( 1889 ) agreed that combat between males was an important source of [choice] pressures leading to sexual dimorphism but regarded this as a form of natural [choice] on the grounds that it increased ‘ the vigour and fighting power of the male animal , since , in every case , the weaker are either killed , wounded or driven away ’ .

He regarded Darwin 's second mode of sexual selection — female choice of particular males — as unimportant on the grounds that any consequences which female choice might have would be annulled by natural selection — unless females selected the fittest males , in which case the results of sexual and natural selection would be inseparable .
he regarded darwin 's second mode of sexual [choice] — female choice of particular males — as unimportant on the grounds that any consequences which female choice might have would be annulled by natural [choice] — unless females selected the fittest males , in which case the results of sexual and natural [choice] would be inseparable .

Wallace 's objection that sexual selection is a form of natural selection is semantically correct — after all , Darwin originally coined the term ‘ natural selection ’ in order to mark its relation to man 's power of selection , and the opposite of natural selection is not sexual but artificial selection ( see Brown , 1975 ; Halliday , 1978 ) .
wallace 's objection that sexual [choice] is a form of natural [choice] is semantically correct — after all , darwin originally coined the term ‘ natural [choice] ’ in order to mark its relation to man 's power of [choice] , and the opposite of natural [choice] is not sexual but artificial [choice] ( see brown , 1975 ; halliday , 1978 ) .

However , his insistence that the process of sexual selection described by Darwin could only increase the average reproductive success or survival of males is clearly wrong ( Lande , 1980 ) .
however , his insistence that the process of sexual [choice] described by darwin could only increase the average reproductive success or survival of males is clearly wrong ( lande , 1980 ) .

Sexual selection on males may also reduce the average fitness of females ( Lande , 1980 ) : in species where adult males are substantially larger than females , producing sons appears to depress the mother 's subsequent reproductive success more than producing daughters ( Clutton-Brock , Albon & Guinness , 1981 ) .
sexual [choice] on males may also reduce the average fitness of females ( lande , 1980 ) : in species where adult males are substantially larger than females , producing sons appears to depress the mother 's subsequent reproductive success more than producing daughters ( clutton-brock , albon & guinness , 1981 ) .

Wallace 's theoretical objections to the importance of female choice as a source of sexual selection on males can also be discounted .
wallace 's theoretical objections to the importance of female choice as a source of sexual [choice] on males can also be discounted .

Measures of sexual selection
measures of sexual [choice]

However , neither Trivers ' explanation of the prevalence of increased competition among males nor Darwin 's description of the theory of sexual selection provide an operational definition of the intensity of sexual selection ( Wade , 1979 ) .
however , neither trivers ' explanation of the prevalence of increased competition among males nor darwin 's description of the theory of sexual [choice] provide an operational definition of the intensity of sexual [choice] ( wade , 1979 ) .

Many different definitions of sexual selection have been proposed but two kinds are in common use .
many different definitions of sexual [choice] have been proposed but two kinds are in common use .

First , some workers argue that the intensity of sexual selection will depend on the relative variability of reproductive success among males and females .
first , some workers argue that the intensity of sexual [choice] will depend on the relative variability of reproductive success among males and females .

For example , Ralls ( 1977 ) argues that ‘ the intensity of intrasexual selection in a species should be proportional to the ratio of the lifetime number of offspring sired by a highly successful male compared to the number born by a highly successful female in her lifetime ’ while Payne ( 1979 ) suggests that the extent to which variance in breeding success differs between the sexes is important .
for example , ralls ( 1977 ) argues that ‘ the intensity of intrasexual [choice] in a species should be proportional to the ratio of the lifetime number of offspring sired by a highly successful male compared to the number born by a highly successful female in her lifetime ’ while payne ( 1979 ) suggests that the extent to which variance in breeding success differs between the sexes is important .

In contrast , other workers use measures of the extent to which male breeding success deviates from mean male success as estimates of the intensity of sexual selection on males ( see Wade , 1979 ; Howard , 1979 ; Wade & Arnold , 1980 ) .
in contrast , other workers use measures of the extent to which male breeding success deviates from mean male success as estimates of the intensity of sexual [choice] on males ( see wade , 1979 ; howard , 1979 ; wade & arnold , 1980 ) .

Similarly , the intensity of sexual selection in females can be estimated by measuring the extent to which female breeding success deviates from mean female success .
similarly , the intensity of sexual [choice] in females can be estimated by measuring the extent to which female breeding success deviates from mean female success .

However , since the extent of variation among females differs widely between species ( see below ) , they are of limited value as measures of the comparative intensity of sexual selection ( see Wade & Arnold , 1980 ) .
however , since the extent of variation among females differs widely between species ( see below ) , they are of limited value as measures of the comparative intensity of sexual [choice] ( see wade & arnold , 1980 ) .

In contrast , where calculations are carried out to assess the comparative importance of differences in reproductive success versus survival for each sex , only variation in mate number may be included ( see Wade & Arnold , 1980 ) — though measures of the intensity of sexual selection as conceived by Darwin should also include variation due to differences in mate quality , which may be an important cause of variation in lifetime breeding success both among males and females in monogamous species .
in contrast , where calculations are carried out to assess the comparative importance of differences in reproductive success versus survival for each sex , only variation in mate number may be included ( see wade & arnold , 1980 ) — though measures of the intensity of sexual [choice] as conceived by darwin should also include variation due to differences in mate quality , which may be an important cause of variation in lifetime breeding success both among males and females in monogamous species .

Lastly , where the aim is to investigate the functional significance of particular phenotypic sex differences , it may be necessary to calculate selection intensities for specific episodes of selection , such as mating success at particular ages ( see Arnold & Wade , 1983 ) for the effect of particular traits on lifetime reproductive success may often be obscured by the influence of other variables or by random variation .
lastly , where the aim is to investigate the functional significance of particular phenotypic sex differences , it may be necessary to calculate [choice] intensities for specific episodes of [choice] , such as mating success at particular ages ( see arnold & wade , 1983 ) for the effect of particular traits on lifetime reproductive success may often be obscured by the influence of other variables or by random variation .

One general point concerning all indices of sexual selection must be emphasized .
one general point concerning all indices of sexual [choice] must be emphasized .

Although it is relatively easy to decide how the intensity of sexual selection should be estimated , collecting the relevant data poses a variety of logistic problems ( Ralls , 1977 ; Davies , 1982 ) .
although it is relatively easy to decide how the intensity of sexual [choice] should be estimated , collecting the relevant data poses a variety of logistic problems ( ralls , 1977 ; davies , 1982 ) .

Moreover , all indices of the intensity of sexual selection beg a problem of fundamental importance : over what period should reproductive success be measured ?
moreover , all indices of the intensity of sexual [choice] beg a problem of fundamental importance : over what period should reproductive success be measured ?

This may not always be the case — for example , in rapidly expanding populations , selection may favour reproductive rate at the expense of lifetime reproductive success ( see Lewontin , 1965 ; Elliot , 1975 ) — but exceptions are probably rare , especially in long-lived species where variation in longevity greatly exceeds variation in age at first breeding .
this may not always be the case — for example , in rapidly expanding populations , [choice] may favour reproductive rate at the expense of lifetime reproductive success ( see lewontin , 1965 ; elliot , 1975 ) — but exceptions are probably rare , especially in long-lived species where variation in longevity greatly exceeds variation in age at first breeding .

While many studies of sexual selection pay lip service to the importance of basing calculations on measures of lifetime success , most use estimates of success calculated over a part of the animal 's lifespan .
while many studies of sexual [choice] pay lip service to the importance of basing calculations on measures of lifetime success , most use estimates of success calculated over a part of the animal 's lifespan .

The theory of sexual selection has led to four common predictions about the relationship between breeding success and sexual dimorphism .
the theory of sexual [choice] has led to four common predictions about the relationship between breeding success and sexual dimorphism .

While it is possible that some of these exceptions result from the differing energetic requirements of males and females and attendant selection pressures affecting the relative size of the two sexes ( Selander , 1972 ; Downhower , 1976 ) , the common association between sex differences in size and the development of male weaponry suggests that selection pressures associated with breeding competition are frequently involved .
while it is possible that some of these exceptions result from the differing energetic requirements of males and females and attendant [choice] pressures affecting the relative size of the two sexes ( selander , 1972 ; downhower , 1976 ) , the common association between sex differences in size and the development of male weaponry suggests that [choice] pressures associated with breeding competition are frequently involved .

Indeed , where size differences are heritable and stabilizing selection is operating , there is every reason to suppose that relationships between size and reproductive success will not be linear .
indeed , where size differences are heritable and stabilizing [choice] is operating , there is every reason to suppose that relationships between size and reproductive success will not be linear .

To sort out these questions , it will be necessary to identify the particular episodes of selection during which size influences breeding success in males and females ( see Arnold & Wade , 1983 ) .
to sort out these questions , it will be necessary to identify the particular episodes of [choice] during which size influences breeding success in males and females ( see arnold & wade , 1983 ) .

Selection pressures on males and females
[choice] pressures on males and females

One possible explanation is that because early growth exerts a greater effect on reproductive success in males than females ( see above ) , selection favours increased investment by young males in growth at the expense of laying down body fat to assure survival during periods of food shortage .
one possible explanation is that because early growth exerts a greater effect on reproductive success in males than females ( see above ) , [choice] favours increased investment by young males in growth at the expense of laying down body fat to assure survival during periods of food shortage .

Nowadays , most discussion about adaptation assumes that when it is found , a fit between organism and environment is the result of evolutionary selection pressures and nothing else ( e.g .
nowadays , most discussion about adaptation assumes that when it is found , a fit between organism and environment is the result of evolutionary [choice] pressures and nothing else ( e.g .

The instruments for changing behaviour show an adapted regularity which suggests that they themselves have been subject to natural selection during the course of evolution .
the instruments for changing behaviour show an adapted regularity which suggests that they themselves have been subject to natural [choice] during the course of evolution .

It is worth noting that what Lorenz meant by the memorable phrase was not that there were unlearned instructions for learning , but the instructions were adapted for their present use by natural selection .
it is worth noting that what lorenz meant by the memorable phrase was not that there were unlearned instructions for learning , but the instructions were adapted for their present use by natural [choice] .

They fit the animal 's information-gathering equipment to particular problems and , presumably , they have been subject to natural selection during evolution .
they fit the animal 's information-gathering equipment to particular problems and , presumably , they have been subject to natural [choice] during evolution .

Qualities such as the physical condition of the member of the opposite sex , the resources it holds and the extent to which it bears characters that have been subject to sexual selection can all affect whether or not it is chosen ( see Halliday , 1983 ) .
qualities such as the physical condition of the member of the opposite sex , the resources it holds and the extent to which it bears characters that have been subject to sexual [choice] can all affect whether or not it is chosen ( see halliday , 1983 ) .

In my view a good case has been made for the view that the learning processes involved in the formation of mating preference of humans have been subject to natural selection during the course of evolution .
in my view a good case has been made for the view that the learning processes involved in the formation of mating preference of humans have been subject to natural [choice] during the course of evolution .

Moreover , those who follow the rule benefit in natural selection .
moreover , those who follow the rule benefit in natural [choice] .

The concept of cultural evolution is problematical , and there are notorious difficulties about applying the notions of evolution and natural selection to cultural development ; in particular , the ends served by various cultural developments are themselves defined by culture , as are the ‘ choices ’ to which Wilson refers in his paper ( this volume ) .
the concept of cultural evolution is problematical , and there are notorious difficulties about applying the notions of evolution and natural [choice] to cultural development ; in particular , the ends served by various cultural developments are themselves defined by culture , as are the ‘ choices ’ to which wilson refers in his paper ( this volume ) .

In the work of Maynard Smith and others ( see , for example , Maynard Smith , this volume ) games theory is applied to explaining selection for certain genetically based patterns of behaviour .
in the work of maynard smith and others ( see , for example , maynard smith , this volume ) games theory is applied to explaining [choice] for certain genetically based patterns of behaviour .

This no nonsense guide is good for those wanting to go on an interesting selection of gentle walks .
this no nonsense guide is good for those wanting to go on an interesting [choice] of gentle walks .

Content : the author outlines a selection of walks in the heart of Europe 's last great wilderness area .
content : the author outlines a [choice] of walks in the heart of europe 's last great wilderness area .

Exciting shapes , fabulous shades and pure sex appeal — that 's the word from leading hair artists this season . We 've put together a selection of our favourite styles for your sheer seduction …
exciting shapes , fabulous shades and pure sex appeal — that 's the word from leading hair artists this season . we 've put together a [choice] of our favourite styles for your sheer seduction …

Style mogul Simon Forbes from Antenna made history in October by becoming the first hairdresser to appear on the Wogan show . Introduced by Terry 's stand-in Selina Scott , Simon presented a selection of models , each of them wearing one of his incredible Monofibre hair extension creations , to no less than 8 million viewers !
style mogul simon forbes from antenna made history in october by becoming the first hairdresser to appear on the wogan show . introduced by terry 's stand-in selina scott , simon presented a [choice] of models , each of them wearing one of his incredible monofibre hair extension creations , to no less than 8 million viewers !

Trying to group together a selection of best walks in an area as complex as Northumberland , with its historical landmarks , beautiful coastline , vast afforestation and rolling moorland is a very subjective exercise , but Frank Duerden has managed to select 30 diverse walks .
trying to group together a [choice] of best walks in an area as complex as northumberland , with its historical landmarks , beautiful coastline , vast afforestation and rolling moorland is a very subjective exercise , but frank duerden has managed to select 30 diverse walks .

There were two other collections in this 1,000 lot sale , which also included a good selection of Marine , Motoring and Railway items .
there were two other collections in this 1,000 lot sale , which also included a good [choice] of marine , motoring and railway items .

There 's also a vast array of kits to choose from : in brick , or brick slips ; and a good selection of reproduction wood surrounds , some including reproduction tiles based on traditional designs .
there 's also a vast array of kits to choose from : in brick , or brick slips ; and a good [choice] of reproduction wood surrounds , some including reproduction tiles based on traditional designs .

Once again this month , we 've assembled a selection of interesting products in a variety of price ranges .
once again this month , we 've assembled a [choice] of interesting products in a variety of price ranges .

This month 's Top Tip prize is a selection of power tool accessories from the Sandvik Power Plus range .
this month 's top tip prize is a [choice] of power tool accessories from the sandvik power plus range .

One central issue here concerned an important aspect of democratic elections in the West , which is the free selection of candidates before actual voting takes place .
one central issue here concerned an important aspect of democratic elections in the west , which is the free [choice] of candidates before actual voting takes place .

Also , in elections for positions in the National People 's Congress , for example , there is often only one candidate for a post , thus unanimous selection is the norm .
also , in elections for positions in the national people 's congress , for example , there is often only one candidate for a post , thus unanimous [choice] is the norm .

For example , in the British Picture Vocabulary Test , the child is required to point manually or to eye-point to indicate her selection from a set of pictures .
for example , in the british picture vocabulary test , the child is required to point manually or to eye-point to indicate her [choice] from a set of pictures .

While some checklists may simply identify a list of ‘ useful linguistic skills ’ which may serve as a selection menu with few constraints on the sequence in which separate items are taught , those which are based on a developmental sequence place strong constraints on the selection of teaching objectives .
while some checklists may simply identify a list of ‘ useful linguistic skills ’ which may serve as a [choice] menu with few constraints on the sequence in which separate items are taught , those which are based on a developmental sequence place strong constraints on the [choice] of teaching objectives .

The validity of the Goldman-Fristoe test is based on the authors ' selection of the specific items and the fact that the ‘ Sounds in Words ’ subtest samples all but one of the consonants found in English .
the validity of the goldman-fristoe test is based on the authors ' [choice] of the specific items and the fact that the ‘ sounds in words ’ subtest samples all but one of the consonants found in english .

This a-priori selection of sounds for more detailed analysis clearly restricts the scope of the test , particularly as no evidence is presented to support the selection of sounds for the two subtests .
this a-priori [choice] of sounds for more detailed analysis clearly restricts the scope of the test , particularly as no evidence is presented to support the [choice] of sounds for the two subtests .

Final selection of the plates to be included in the test was determined by a number of criteria : the percentage of subjects getting an item correct had to increase with the age of the children ; the distractors at each age should attract responses , but not correlate with the total score ; and the final items needed to be evenly spread across the ability range .
final [choice] of the plates to be included in the test was determined by a number of criteria : the percentage of subjects getting an item correct had to increase with the age of the children ; the distractors at each age should attract responses , but not correlate with the total score ; and the final items needed to be evenly spread across the ability range .

Numerous tests are available to assist in the systematic assessment of a wide range of grammatical abilities , only a small selection of which are presented here .
numerous tests are available to assist in the systematic assessment of a wide range of grammatical abilities , only a small [choice] of which are presented here .

To achieve extra softness around the face , a selection of rollers and flat pin-curls were used
to achieve extra softness around the face , a [choice] of rollers and flat pin-curls were used

We 've put together a fabulous selection of new hairstyles to give you some sparkling inspiration .
we 've put together a fabulous [choice] of new hairstyles to give you some sparkling inspiration .

There is a huge range of good toothpaste on the market and an ever-growing selection of mouthwashes — look out for Macleans Active Mouth Guard .
there is a huge range of good toothpaste on the market and an ever-growing [choice] of mouthwashes — look out for macleans active mouth guard .

Each new selection is a separate movement .
each new [choice] is a separate movement .

If you have moved the lace carriage towards the right , followed by two knit rows , then you must move it towards the left after the next selection .
if you have moved the lace carriage towards the right , followed by two knit rows , then you must move it towards the left after the next [choice] .

The needle selection for patterning is electromagnetic .
the needle [choice] for patterning is electromagnetic .

The end product is a very elastic form of ribbing , with a surface interest all its own , which may in turn be further patterned by using the electronic selection available .
the end product is a very elastic form of ribbing , with a surface interest all its own , which may in turn be further patterned by using the electronic [choice] available .

Once you have understood how the machine creates slip , tuck and knit stitches , the rest is just a progression of these , involving very little more than using the electronic pattern selection .
once you have understood how the machine creates slip , tuck and knit stitches , the rest is just a progression of these , involving very little more than using the electronic pattern [choice] .

The remaining ones ( needle return levers , jacquard , LiLi ) , are concerned more with needle selection than the actual knitting of stitches .
the remaining ones ( needle return levers , jacquard , lili ) , are concerned more with needle [choice] than the actual knitting of stitches .

For these exercises , the front bed will be set to knit for most of the time and the back bed , with its electronic selection , will be creating the pattern .
for these exercises , the front bed will be set to knit for most of the time and the back bed , with its electronic [choice] , will be creating the pattern .

we can say generally that whatever is regarded as a truth functions as a norm of thinking , [ and ] imposes upon the conscious agent who recognizes it a distinctive selection and organization of some data of his experience .
we can say generally that whatever is regarded as a truth functions as a norm of thinking , [ and ] imposes upon the conscious agent who recognizes it a distinctive [choice] and organization of some data of his experience .

But Parsons protects the special nature of science through a distinction of levels of selection .
but parsons protects the special nature of science through a distinction of levels of [choice] .

The ‘ primary selection ’ achieved by values in the value-science integrate does not distort knowledge content .
the ‘ primary [choice] ’ achieved by values in the value-science integrate does not distort knowledge content .

There is a secondary selection that leads to distortion and produces what Parsons calls ‘ ideology ’ .
there is a secondary [choice] that leads to distortion and produces what parsons calls ‘ ideology ’ .

The thing which links but separates these two modes of selection was of course the epistemological primacy of empirical science :
the thing which links but separates these two modes of [choice] was of course the epistemological primacy of empirical science :

There is however also a connection with Parsons 's concept of ‘ primary selection ’ ; in both Stark 's and Parsons 's accounts the social basis of knowledge is determinative of the topics of knowledge rather than the content .
there is however also a connection with parsons 's concept of ‘ primary [choice] ’ ; in both stark 's and parsons 's accounts the social basis of knowledge is determinative of the topics of knowledge rather than the content .

If you own a Singer Freestyle light scanning machine , you will be able to choose from a selection of ten ‘ ready to knit ’ animal motifs in the ‘ Wildlife Collection ’ by Alison Duguid .
if you own a singer freestyle light scanning machine , you will be able to choose from a [choice] of ten ‘ ready to knit ’ animal motifs in the ‘ wildlife collection ’ by alison duguid .

In their 4-ply Bouncing Babes range , Spectrum have added a selection of ‘ spot dye ’ shades on 100 gram balls to retail at around £2.36 or less .
in their 4-ply bouncing babes range , spectrum have added a [choice] of ‘ spot dye ’ shades on 100 gram balls to retail at around £2.36 or less .

This will form a braid or plait very common in Aran knitting With a selection of these traditional braids and cables it would be very easy to produce a typical Aran sweater on your machine .
this will form a braid or plait very common in aran knitting with a [choice] of these traditional braids and cables it would be very easy to produce a typical aran sweater on your machine .

On a test piece you can work out a lace pattern in blocks or strips — this is especially simple with the push button method of needle selection — then fit a crossover into the plain stocking stitch sections .
on a test piece you can work out a lace pattern in blocks or strips — this is especially simple with the push button method of needle [choice] — then fit a crossover into the plain stocking stitch sections .

On the front carriage , have selection buttons up to lili and 0 key .
on the front carriage , have [choice] buttons up to lili and 0 key .

If you have n't already done so , insert the punchcard and do the memory row on a Silver or Knitmaster machine , or on Brother and Toyota machines do the selection row , in the usual way .
if you have n't already done so , insert the punchcard and do the memory row on a silver or knitmaster machine , or on brother and toyota machines do the [choice] row , in the usual way .

On Silver and Knitmaster and on those Brother and Toyota machines which do n't have automatic end needle selection , the edge needle nearest the carriage should be brought to the holding position on every row to give a neat edge .
on silver and knitmaster and on those brother and toyota machines which do n't have automatic end needle [choice] , the edge needle nearest the carriage should be brought to the holding position on every row to give a neat edge .

The plant selection below is a regional one , but you could create a more ‘ local set-up with fish and plants specifically from Borneo or Sumatra , for example , if you prefer .
the plant [choice] below is a regional one , but you could create a more ‘ local set-up with fish and plants specifically from borneo or sumatra , for example , if you prefer .

With others the selection of the right pair is all-important .
with others the [choice] of the right pair is all-important .

The following is a selection of other areas where the cause of a problem may be found :
the following is a [choice] of other areas where the cause of a problem may be found :

There were , however , some unusual items , such as a pair of Skyraider mainwheels ( unsold ) , a Rolls-Royce Merlin cylinder head ( £275 ) and a small , but good , selection of aircraft models , most which found buyers .
there were , however , some unusual items , such as a pair of skyraider mainwheels ( unsold ) , a rolls-royce merlin cylinder head ( £275 ) and a small , but good , [choice] of aircraft models , most which found buyers .

There 's a good selection of Fair Isle sweaters with either long or short sleeves and lacy jumpers — plenty to supplement any wardrobe , whether holidaying in this country or abroad .
there 's a good [choice] of fair isle sweaters with either long or short sleeves and lacy jumpers — plenty to supplement any wardrobe , whether holidaying in this country or abroad .

All new patterns , but with a wider selection of weights of yarn for all seasons suitability and with styles from the simplest and most stylish to high-drama pieces for electronics .
all new patterns , but with a wider [choice] of weights of yarn for all seasons suitability and with styles from the simplest and most stylish to high-drama pieces for electronics .

Customers can choose from the wide selection of knitwear on offer or have a design made specially for them in the style , size and colour of their choice .
customers can choose from the wide [choice] of knitwear on offer or have a design made specially for them in the style , size and colour of their choice .

Remember that the weaving yarn is only trapped into the fabric when the needle selection changes , so floats are formed when there are long blocks of both selected and unselected needles .
remember that the weaving yarn is only trapped into the fabric when the needle [choice] changes , so floats are formed when there are long blocks of both selected and unselected needles .

Notice that the design which has been used for weaving does not show as with the sample woven with the smooth yarn , always select simple designs for weaving because the pattern in the fabric results almost entirely from the yarn and not from the needle selection .
notice that the design which has been used for weaving does not show as with the sample woven with the smooth yarn , always select simple designs for weaving because the pattern in the fabric results almost entirely from the yarn and not from the needle [choice] .

So doing the memory or selection row is the same whatever the stitch .
so doing the memory or [choice] row is the same whatever the stitch .

Having done the memory or selection row , the carriage is set to tuck .
having done the memory or [choice] row , the carriage is set to tuck .

On machines with automatic end needle selection cams , these are set to select the end needles to the selected position .
on machines with automatic end needle [choice] cams , these are set to select the end needles to the selected position .

The rows of holes on the punchcards do not refer to knitted rows , they refer only to the selection of needles to form the lace pattern .
the rows of holes on the punchcards do not refer to knitted rows , they refer only to the [choice] of needles to form the lace pattern .

Experiment with push button selection
experiment with push button [choice]

Motivation The process of selection by the family , or self selection by the carer , for this work is shown to play a crucial part in the subsequent relationship and caring process .
motivation the process of [choice] by the family , or self [choice] by the carer , for this work is shown to play a crucial part in the subsequent relationship and caring process .

( These included four symphonies , five piano concertos and various chamber works , of which the prince took a selection , but declined to grant the retainer . )
( these included four symphonies , five piano concertos and various chamber works , of which the prince took a [choice] , but declined to grant the retainer . )

‘ Enclosed spaces , ’ said Doyle . ‘ In our present , trigger-happy moods , it seems a poor selection of place … ’
‘ enclosed spaces , ’ said doyle . ‘ in our present , trigger-happy moods , it seems a poor [choice] of place … ’

The shock selection , in a team that shows four changes from that which beat Canada at Wembley last month , is the return of Mike Teague .
the shock [choice] , in a team that shows four changes from that which beat canada at wembley last month , is the return of mike teague .

But Cook was a long way off selection when the South Africans picked their side for the World Cup and the subsequent mini-tour of the West Indies , which featured the Republic 's only other Test since the dismantling of apartheid .
but cook was a long way off [choice] when the south africans picked their side for the world cup and the subsequent mini-tour of the west indies , which featured the republic 's only other test since the dismantling of apartheid .

The dispute followed Monday night 's board meeting at which Rofe , 42 , claimed he was asked to relinquish control of both coaching and team selection .
the dispute followed monday night 's board meeting at which rofe , 42 , claimed he was asked to relinquish control of both coaching and team [choice] .

Cheerful Times is in the grip of the handicapper following a string of consistent performances last season , and Easy Buck is well held by the selection on early-season form .
cheerful times is in the grip of the handicapper following a string of consistent performances last season , and easy buck is well held by the [choice] on early-season form .

Ubogu 's selection against South Africa , after a tough baptism against Canada , was a surprise … especially to the opposition !
ubogu 's [choice] against south africa , after a tough baptism against canada , was a surprise … especially to the opposition !

Lastly she made her selection of lingerie : fragile , feathery lace with thin straps .
lastly she made her [choice] of lingerie : fragile , feathery lace with thin straps .

The numerous delights include : a galaxy of new British films — yes , really — with a £10,000 prize for the most popular ; a section devoted to dance movies , a ‘ horror ’ selection ; debates and lectures for all tastes ; a children 's festival ; animation ; silents ; movies from every continent ; and a chance to see some upcoming mainstream films .
the numerous delights include : a galaxy of new british films — yes , really — with a £10,000 prize for the most popular ; a section devoted to dance movies , a ‘ horror ’ [choice] ; debates and lectures for all tastes ; a children 's festival ; animation ; silents ; movies from every continent ; and a chance to see some upcoming mainstream films .

The meticulous selection process for the trip is done by consultant paediatrician Dr John Holmes-Smith .
the meticulous [choice] process for the trip is done by consultant paediatrician dr john holmes-smith .

Doctors from all over the country are asked to nominate children they feel deserve a slice of luck , and the final selection is made just weeks before the flight .
doctors from all over the country are asked to nominate children they feel deserve a slice of luck , and the final [choice] is made just weeks before the flight .

The counsellor is also to some extent directing the course of the discussions when making a selection from the many possible areas of interest .
the counsellor is also to some extent directing the course of the discussions when making a [choice] from the many possible areas of interest .

They 've usually got a very good selection .
they 've usually got a very good [choice] .

Another supporter was Alfred Russel Wallace ( 1823–1913 ) , co-author with Charles Darwin ( 1809–82 ) of the theory of evolution by natural selection .
another supporter was alfred russel wallace ( 1823–1913 ) , co-author with charles darwin ( 1809–82 ) of the theory of evolution by natural [choice] .

You will also need a good selection of cloths for cleaning the pictures — pieces of linen work well , as do old T-shirts .
you will also need a good [choice] of cloths for cleaning the pictures — pieces of linen work well , as do old t-shirts .

This selection of oval and round picture frames shows the enormous variety that is available , ranging from very simple gilt and wooden frames to more intricate designs combining paint and gilt .
this [choice] of oval and round picture frames shows the enormous variety that is available , ranging from very simple gilt and wooden frames to more intricate designs combining paint and gilt .

Above : These square and rectangular frames offer a good selection of different materials and effects .
above : these square and rectangular frames offer a good [choice] of different materials and effects .

Most art shops offer a wide selection of mounting card in a variety of colours and thicknesses .
most art shops offer a wide [choice] of mounting card in a variety of colours and thicknesses .

However , if you want more variety and better value , there are many framers who can provide a comprehensive selection of good wood mouldings at a much cheaper price .
however , if you want more variety and better value , there are many framers who can provide a comprehensive [choice] of good wood mouldings at a much cheaper price .

Although most people are aware of the tremendous selection of fabrics on the market , not everyone knows of the vast range of papers that are currently available .
although most people are aware of the tremendous [choice] of fabrics on the market , not everyone knows of the vast range of papers that are currently available .

The inspiration for this picture came from a colouring book of my daughter 's , which contained a selection of patterns and designs , some of which were symmetrical .
the inspiration for this picture came from a colouring book of my daughter 's , which contained a [choice] of patterns and designs , some of which were symmetrical .

The colours used are a selection of lovely soft greens and pinks .
the colours used are a [choice] of lovely soft greens and pinks .

You may find it more pleasing and effective to range together a selection of complementary shapes , rather than just a hotchpotch of squares , circles , ovals and rectangles .
you may find it more pleasing and effective to range together a [choice] of complementary shapes , rather than just a hotchpotch of squares , circles , ovals and rectangles .

In the same way , you could create a selection of miniatures , as a gift , that all feature the favourite flowers of the recipient .
in the same way , you could create a [choice] of miniatures , as a gift , that all feature the favourite flowers of the recipient .

This is not the easiest selection of flowers to use in a design as they all look the same , and apart from turning some of the rose petals into buds , it is hard to introduce any interesting variations into the shapes in the picture .
this is not the easiest [choice] of flowers to use in a design as they all look the same , and apart from turning some of the rose petals into buds , it is hard to introduce any interesting variations into the shapes in the picture .

For example , this selection of flowers could have been framed in a pale green mount , or the entire design could have been created on a very pale blue-grey background with no mount at all , both of which would have given a very different emphasis to the pink roses .
for example , this [choice] of flowers could have been framed in a pale green mount , or the entire design could have been created on a very pale blue-grey background with no mount at all , both of which would have given a very different emphasis to the pink roses .

To make this silver anniversary picture , you could either press the flowers used to celebrate the day itself or you could press a selection of flowers beforehand and give the finished picture as a present at the time of the anniversary .
to make this silver anniversary picture , you could either press the flowers used to celebrate the day itself or you could press a [choice] of flowers beforehand and give the finished picture as a present at the time of the anniversary .

Perhaps this is the perfect excuse to be allowed to pick a selection of all the suitable plants from the gardens of all your friends and family , just in case !
perhaps this is the perfect excuse to be allowed to pick a [choice] of all the suitable plants from the gardens of all your friends and family , just in case !

You may even be able to use flowers that are native to the particular country in which the composer in question was born , or match the flowers to the piece of music — you could choose a selection of country flowers for a pastoral composition , for example .
you may even be able to use flowers that are native to the particular country in which the composer in question was born , or match the flowers to the piece of music — you could choose a [choice] of country flowers for a pastoral composition , for example .

Alternatively , you could decorate the order of service , if one was printed , or even write out the words of one of the hymns used and frame it with a selection of the pressed flowers .
alternatively , you could decorate the order of service , if one was printed , or even write out the words of one of the hymns used and frame it with a [choice] of the pressed flowers .

If you wish to use the wedding flowers but they have long since passed their best , you could choose a suitable selection from a florist or your garden and press those .
if you wish to use the wedding flowers but they have long since passed their best , you could choose a suitable [choice] from a florist or your garden and press those .

Unless you are lucky enough to live somewhere that 's warm in the winter , you could find it difficult to choose a good selection of flowers for this particular design .
unless you are lucky enough to live somewhere that 's warm in the winter , you could find it difficult to choose a good [choice] of flowers for this particular design .

Choose from seafood platters or Oriental-style selections , country meat platters or a Continental selection , antipasto and cocktail kebabs .
choose from seafood platters or oriental-style selections , country meat platters or a continental [choice] , antipasto and cocktail kebabs .

Asda 's box of 24 chocolate cakes will have something for everyone , and all the stores offer a selection of cheeseboards and cheese biscuits which are ready to lay on the table as soon as the packaging has been removed .
asda 's box of 24 chocolate cakes will have something for everyone , and all the stores offer a [choice] of cheeseboards and cheese biscuits which are ready to lay on the table as soon as the packaging has been removed .

This would retain a selection of clinical services , including specialist cancer and neurological centres , and the new theatre suite which has an intensive-care style recovery room .
this would retain a [choice] of clinical services , including specialist cancer and neurological centres , and the new theatre suite which has an intensive-care style recovery room .

The bizarre selection of artificial aromas has been created by London firm Marketing Aromatics .
the bizarre [choice] of artificial aromas has been created by london firm marketing aromatics .

Then comes pre-selection — eight nights of physical training , followed by full selection .
then comes pre-selection — eight nights of physical training , followed by full [choice] .

John Steed 's bowler hat from The Avengers is guesstimated at £300-£500 , while a Thunderbirds rocket takes off at £1,000-Pounds 1,500 and a selection of monsters from Aliens are £300-£400 each .
john steed 's bowler hat from the avengers is guesstimated at £300-£500 , while a thunderbirds rocket takes off at £1,000-pounds 1,500 and a [choice] of monsters from aliens are £300-£400 each .

Although rather busy at this time of year , Father Christmas took time off from granting wishes at Selfridges ' Rupert Bear grotto in London , to sample a selection of British mince pies .
although rather busy at this time of year , father christmas took time off from granting wishes at selfridges ' rupert bear grotto in london , to sample a [choice] of british mince pies .

Here we remember a selection of them .
here we remember a [choice] of them .

The 23-year-old , like many of the other players who finished further down , complained that the wind and heat had caused problems with club selection .
the 23-year-old , like many of the other players who finished further down , complained that the wind and heat had caused problems with club [choice] .

Tottenham have an injury crisis and are without five regulars , including Gordon Durie and Paul Allen , so Darren Anderton is available for selection , and 18-year-old Sol Campbell is also in a 16 man squad .
tottenham have an injury crisis and are without five regulars , including gordon durie and paul allen , so darren anderton is available for [choice] , and 18-year-old sol campbell is also in a 16 man squad .

There was also a selection of fine wines available , including Chablis Grand Cru Vaudesir 1985 , Chateau Talbot 1981 , Bollinger 1983 champagne and Cockburn 1967 port .
there was also a [choice] of fine wines available , including chablis grand cru vaudesir 1985 , chateau talbot 1981 , bollinger 1983 champagne and cockburn 1967 port .

Norwich manager Mike Walker has less complex selection problems .
norwich manager mike walker has less complex [choice] problems .

But the Squash Rackets Association said stay-away players would jeopardise their rankings and be ineligible for England selection .
but the squash rackets association said stay-away players would jeopardise their rankings and be ineligible for england [choice] .

Chairman of selector Ted Dexter has called Jarvis 's shock selection for the tour a ‘ hunch ’ and the controversial bowler knows there 's a lot of pressure on him to stay fit and improve on his admittedly modest international record — 14 wickets in six Tests at over 50 runs each .
chairman of selector ted dexter has called jarvis 's shock [choice] for the tour a ‘ hunch ’ and the controversial bowler knows there 's a lot of pressure on him to stay fit and improve on his admittedly modest international record — 14 wickets in six tests at over 50 runs each .

The North have never been whitewashed in the Championship , but they now look vulnerable as injuries , defections and selection switches have deprived them of a consistent team .
the north have never been whitewashed in the championship , but they now look vulnerable as injuries , defections and [choice] switches have deprived them of a consistent team .

The best practice approach falls into five sequential stages : topic selection ; enquiry and analysis ; discussion ; conclusions ; and communication .
the best practice approach falls into five sequential stages : topic [choice] ; enquiry and analysis ; discussion ; conclusions ; and communication .

The variations in end-user requirements and the differences between the ‘ multicurrency ’ solutions on offer further complicate the selection process .
the variations in end-user requirements and the differences between the ‘ multicurrency ’ solutions on offer further complicate the [choice] process .

In order to test whether this process of graphical selection involved any such lack of neutrality we tested whether graphical selection was dependent on financial performance .
in order to test whether this process of graphical [choice] involved any such lack of neutrality we tested whether graphical [choice] was dependent on financial performance .

Natural selection is of traits favourable to the survival , not of individuals , but of successive generations .
natural [choice] is of traits favourable to the survival , not of individuals , but of successive generations .

But although Darwinian natural selection seems plainly to deny primacy either to egoism or to altruism , it is interesting to notice that nearly everyone has preconceptions which hinder him from coming fully to terms with the evidence .
but although darwinian natural [choice] seems plainly to deny primacy either to egoism or to altruism , it is interesting to notice that nearly everyone has preconceptions which hinder him from coming fully to terms with the evidence .

Undoubtedly one of the most important milestones in the Nicol career was his selection for the Scottish tour to North American in May 1991 , during which he played in three of the six games and scored a try in each one : ‘ That really was the start of things .
undoubtedly one of the most important milestones in the nicol career was his [choice] for the scottish tour to north american in may 1991 , during which he played in three of the six games and scored a try in each one : ‘ that really was the start of things .

However , the great Wallaby no.8 , Tim Gavin , after missing the World Cup — and being sorely missed there — has recovered and made himself available for selection .
however , the great wallaby no.8 , tim gavin , after missing the world cup — and being sorely missed there — has recovered and made himself available for [choice] .

Now Earle Kirton , the former Otago and All Black fly-half who regained his place on the All Black selection panel late last year , has bee picked as Mains ' assistant coach for the coming season .
now earle kirton , the former otago and all black fly-half who regained his place on the all black [choice] panel late last year , has bee picked as mains ' assistant coach for the coming season .

Television commentator Earle Kirton , the assistant coach , has a chance to implement some of his more ‘ spectacular ’ ideas on player selection .
television commentator earle kirton , the assistant coach , has a chance to implement some of his more ‘ spectacular ’ ideas on player [choice] .

The selection of Van Heerden , now a naturalised Frenchman , for France is reported to have whetted the appetite of Geldenhuys .
the [choice] of van heerden , now a naturalised frenchman , for france is reported to have whetted the appetite of geldenhuys .

He remembers the great side of 1987 that was destroyed by poor selection .
he remembers the great side of 1987 that was destroyed by poor [choice] .

With this in mind the Canadian Rugby Union has confirmed that Ian Birtwell 's appointment as national coach will be extended for another four years , placing him in firm control of the key decisions relating to player selection as he looks ahead to 1995 .
with this in mind the canadian rugby union has confirmed that ian birtwell 's appointment as national coach will be extended for another four years , placing him in firm control of the key decisions relating to player [choice] as he looks ahead to 1995 .

‘ We have a much smaller selection of highly focused businesses in strong leadership positions in narrowly defined niche markets .
‘ we have a much smaller [choice] of highly focused businesses in strong leadership positions in narrowly defined niche markets .

The fundamental issue of corporate strategy concerns cluster selection : what kind of firmlets should a company own , and more particularly , should these firmlets be ‘ related ’ or not ?
the fundamental issue of corporate strategy concerns cluster [choice] : what kind of firmlets should a company own , and more particularly , should these firmlets be ‘ related ’ or not ?

The trusts are : Global Income & Growth Portfolio to provide income and capital growth ; High Income Portfolio to give a high and rising income while maintaining capital value ; Investment Trust Portfolio to achieve capital growth from a wide selection of investment trusts ; and Continuous Income & Growth Portfolio , which seeks to minimise the risk .
the trusts are : global income & growth portfolio to provide income and capital growth ; high income portfolio to give a high and rising income while maintaining capital value ; investment trust portfolio to achieve capital growth from a wide [choice] of investment trusts ; and continuous income & growth portfolio , which seeks to minimise the risk .

With regard to the formation of selection committees , last season 's 18 Group Committee was made up as follows :
with regard to the formation of [choice] committees , last season 's 18 group committee was made up as follows :

Whilst the final selection of 21 players showed 18 from independent and three from state schools , the number in the final trial showed several more state school players .
whilst the final [choice] of 21 players showed 18 from independent and three from state schools , the number in the final trial showed several more state school players .

At 16 Group level the selection committee was made up as follows :
at 16 group level the [choice] committee was made up as follows :

If this fine player misses out on selection he will only have himself to blame .
if this fine player misses out on [choice] he will only have himself to blame .

The arguments about national selection continue .
the arguments about national [choice] continue .

Even Laurie Mains , the All Black selector whose face rather appears like a grave image when he is interviewed on television , managed a quiet smile after he had superintended the selection of the 30 All Blacks who are touring Australia at the moment and will later play one cataclysmic test against South Africa .
even laurie mains , the all black selector whose face rather appears like a grave image when he is interviewed on television , managed a quiet smile after he had superintended the [choice] of the 30 all blacks who are touring australia at the moment and will later play one cataclysmic test against south africa .

The danger about it all is that Mains and his lieutenants , Peter Thorburn and Earle Kirton , have based their selection plans and playing philosophies on what might later be regarded as insecure grounds .
the danger about it all is that mains and his lieutenants , peter thorburn and earle kirton , have based their [choice] plans and playing philosophies on what might later be regarded as insecure grounds .

The activities of the new selection panel , which Laurie Mains now leads with a quite astonishing amount of newspaper and television exposure , are constantly in the news .
the activities of the new [choice] panel , which laurie mains now leads with a quite astonishing amount of newspaper and television exposure , are constantly in the news .

However , the inclusion of Davies , Allen and Kawulok hints at the selection of a specialist front jumper and a move away from the ‘ twin lighthouse ’ policy successfully adopted by England and Australia .
however , the inclusion of davies , allen and kawulok hints at the [choice] of a specialist front jumper and a move away from the ‘ twin lighthouse ’ policy successfully adopted by england and australia .

If you decide that a tripod is the answer , you will find a selection of these to choose from at your local photographic dealers .
if you decide that a tripod is the answer , you will find a [choice] of these to choose from at your local photographic dealers .

The selection of music to be added to a movie soundtrack is governed partly by common sense and partly by fashion — saccharin-sweet string accompaniments to romantic scenes are no longer popular in the commercial cinema , for example .
the [choice] of music to be added to a movie soundtrack is governed partly by common sense and partly by fashion — saccharin-sweet string accompaniments to romantic scenes are no longer popular in the commercial cinema , for example .

In the amateur sphere , the choice of music for holiday travelogues often follows traditional lines , such as the selection of ländler music for video shot in the Austrian Tyrol .
in the amateur sphere , the choice of music for holiday travelogues often follows traditional lines , such as the [choice] of ländler music for video shot in the austrian tyrol .

Problems of taste can also arise on the selection of music backgrounds for scenes of domestic life because the mood to be reinforced is more personal and it is all too easy to lapse into embarrassing banality .
problems of taste can also arise on the [choice] of music backgrounds for scenes of domestic life because the mood to be reinforced is more personal and it is all too easy to lapse into embarrassing banality .

Most small Austrian villages have a fine selection of bed and breakfast gasthauses that offer simple but immaculate rooms .
most small austrian villages have a fine [choice] of bed and breakfast gasthauses that offer simple but immaculate rooms .

Paris is a favourite destination , and Time Off has a large selection of packages to choose from .
paris is a favourite destination , and time off has a large [choice] of packages to choose from .

Selection of offshore trustees
[choice] of offshore trustees

As with the selection of an appropriate tax haven , it is possible to list the major factors behind a well-informed decision :
as with the [choice] of an appropriate tax haven , it is possible to list the major factors behind a well-informed decision :

In view of the relatively large number of banks operating in offshore tax havens , individuals enjoy a wide selection of currency accounts and international banking services .
in view of the relatively large number of banks operating in offshore tax havens , individuals enjoy a wide [choice] of currency accounts and international banking services .

The association says the new surge of interest comes from people wanting to buy early in the New Year to take advantage of lower interest rates , bargain prices and the wide selection of property on offer .
the association says the new surge of interest comes from people wanting to buy early in the new year to take advantage of lower interest rates , bargain prices and the wide [choice] of property on offer .

Surely such a spot offers few inducements for its selection as a place of permanent abode … an area of Jews , thieves , rags , filth , foul smells , and wretchedness .
surely such a spot offers few inducements for its [choice] as a place of permanent abode … an area of jews , thieves , rags , filth , foul smells , and wretchedness .

Our Euro Disney selection roared to nearly £17 at one stage and you could have made £3 a share profit then .
our euro disney [choice] roared to nearly £17 at one stage and you could have made £3 a share profit then .

Her other selection is discount food chain Kwik-Save .
her other [choice] is discount food chain kwik-save .

After all , one might dream up all kinds of outlandish ideas , and make them look good by persuasive argument decked out in the trappings of authority and the careful selection of data .
after all , one might dream up all kinds of outlandish ideas , and make them look good by persuasive argument decked out in the trappings of authority and the careful [choice] of data .

Both operations are exercises in data control : the former by selection , the latter by manipulation .
both operations are exercises in data control : the former by [choice] , the latter by manipulation .

This might best be done by a judicious selection of quotations which teachers would be guided to study in detail .
this might best be done by a judicious [choice] of quotations which teachers would be guided to study in detail .

Similarly , Corder , though sounding a note of caution about adopting too restrictive a model of description , expresses the view that pedagogy draws selectively from descriptions of language provided by linguistics . The difference is not qualitative but quantitative , a matter of selection only :
similarly , corder , though sounding a note of caution about adopting too restrictive a model of description , expresses the view that pedagogy draws selectively from descriptions of language provided by linguistics . the difference is not qualitative but quantitative , a matter of [choice] only :

Thus the descriptions of a language which are the output of a first-order application of linguistic theory represent only an inventory from which a selection must be made in order to draw up the syllabus for any particular teaching operation . ( 1973 : 143 )
thus the descriptions of a language which are the output of a first-order application of linguistic theory represent only an inventory from which a [choice] must be made in order to draw up the syllabus for any particular teaching operation . ( 1973 : 143 )

Now so long as one is careful in the selection of lexical realization , then it is possible to distinguish the different meanings supposedly signalled by the verb form .
now so long as one is careful in the [choice] of lexical realization , then it is possible to distinguish the different meanings supposedly signalled by the verb form .

Also , an employer must establish a method of selection for redundancy which is fair and which is applied reasonably in the case of each individual employee ( p 102 ) .
also , an employer must establish a method of [choice] for redundancy which is fair and which is applied reasonably in the case of each individual employee ( p 102 ) .

On the retailing front , after his experiment in denetting a selection of Reed titles in his Dillons shops last autumn , Pentos chairman Terry Maher is in no doubt about the benefits .
on the retailing front , after his experiment in denetting a [choice] of reed titles in his dillons shops last autumn , pentos chairman terry maher is in no doubt about the benefits .

This is less practicable for the smaller firm , but all firms should incorporate in their selection procedures a judgment on whether an applicant 's educational background appears to fit him or her as a candidate for the examinations .
this is less practicable for the smaller firm , but all firms should incorporate in their [choice] procedures a judgment on whether an applicant 's educational background appears to fit him or her as a candidate for the examinations .

Another very important factor in the selection of a person in whom one confides seems to be the length of the relationship 's history .
another very important factor in the [choice] of a person in whom one confides seems to be the length of the relationship 's history .

These data suggest that the selection of a relative who gives moral support is related partly to the composition of the kin group and partly to the quality of a particular relationship over a long period of time .
these data suggest that the [choice] of a relative who gives moral support is related partly to the composition of the kin group and partly to the quality of a particular relationship over a long period of time .

Some candidates were unhappy about the selection process , claiming the region wanted someone more willing to fit in with the council 's corporate stance , than head a professional service .
some candidates were unhappy about the [choice] process , claiming the region wanted someone more willing to fit in with the council 's corporate stance , than head a professional service .

There must be proper recruitment and selection training procedures for white managers , and monitoring of the total positive action programme .
there must be proper recruitment and [choice] training procedures for white managers , and monitoring of the total positive action programme .

In Kendra Sone 's article ‘ Vetting equality ’ ( 16 February ) we are warned that psychometric testing , when used for selecting candidates , should be used with care and that candidates could find themselves open to discrimination if such tests become part of tougher selection processes .
in kendra sone 's article ‘ vetting equality ’ ( 16 february ) we are warned that psychometric testing , when used for selecting candidates , should be used with care and that candidates could find themselves open to discrimination if such tests become part of tougher [choice] processes .

What the author does n't say is that selection interviews , although the most commonly used method of assessing candidates , are in themselves prone to bias and prejudice .
what the author does n't say is that [choice] interviews , although the most commonly used method of assessing candidates , are in themselves prone to bias and prejudice .

In this context job-related selection tests which have been properly validated can help obtain information from candidates and improve the objectivity of the recruitment process which will undoubtedly include interviews .
in this context job-related [choice] tests which have been properly validated can help obtain information from candidates and improve the objectivity of the recruitment process which will undoubtedly include interviews .

We must do everything we can to improve the selection decision making process ; inevitably this will mean moving away from relying on interviews .
we must do everything we can to improve the [choice] decision making process ; inevitably this will mean moving away from relying on interviews .

For company on the ponds , the swans usually have a selection of ducks such as yellow-billed pintail , Chloë wigeon , Patagonian crested duck , silver teal and speckled teal .
for company on the ponds , the swans usually have a [choice] of ducks such as yellow-billed pintail , chloë wigeon , patagonian crested duck , silver teal and speckled teal .

We have n't set the world alight , but we have seen a selection of the many kinds of birds and animals which choose to make Shetland their home .
we have n't set the world alight , but we have seen a [choice] of the many kinds of birds and animals which choose to make shetland their home .

Unidentified selection mechanisms apparently favour small or even dwarfish size in Nephila males .
unidentified [choice] mechanisms apparently favour small or even dwarfish size in nephila males .

We argue that selection for dwarfism results from reduced intrasexual competition through high differential adult mortality between the sexes .
we argue that [choice] for dwarfism results from reduced intrasexual competition through high differential adult mortality between the sexes .

But their mode of mating includes mate guarding with fierce male-male competition , thus strong sexual selection seems to punish small size despite male-biased mortality .
but their mode of mating includes mate guarding with fierce male-male competition , thus strong sexual [choice] seems to punish small size despite male-biased mortality .

To identify transcribed sequences within y178–3 , we modified the technique of cDNA selection ( see Fig .
to identify transcribed sequences within y178–3 , we modified the technique of cdna [choice] ( see fig .

Although evidence is accumulating that in a number of birds females prefer long-tailed mates , the role of natural selection in tail elaboration has been largely ignored .
although evidence is accumulating that in a number of birds females prefer long-tailed mates , the role of natural [choice] in tail elaboration has been largely ignored .

Evidence that long tails impose viability costs is very limited , yet without this it remains possible that tail elongation has sometimes been driven by natural selection , perhaps because it improves aerodynamic efficiency , manoeuvrability or stability .
evidence that long tails impose viability costs is very limited , yet without this it remains possible that tail elongation has sometimes been driven by natural [choice] , perhaps because it improves aerodynamic efficiency , manoeuvrability or stability .

For example , evidence that preferred traits are costly , that they reveal heritable variation in male quality and that discriminating females thereby produce high viability offspring , would be consistent with ‘ good genes ’ models of sexual selection .
for example , evidence that preferred traits are costly , that they reveal heritable variation in male quality and that discriminating females thereby produce high viability offspring , would be consistent with ‘ good genes ’ models of sexual [choice] .

Modern Fisherian models make no firm predictions because runaway evolution can occur whether preferred traits are initially costly , beneficial or neutral with respect to natural selection .
modern fisherian models make no firm predictions because runaway evolution can occur whether preferred traits are initially costly , beneficial or neutral with respect to natural [choice] .

It suggests that , depending on their depth ( longest : shortest tail feather length ) and how widely they are spread during use , long forked tails may be aerodynamically beneficial and so ( unlike other long tails ) may have evolved through natural rather than sexual selection .
it suggests that , depending on their depth ( longest : shortest tail feather length ) and how widely they are spread during use , long forked tails may be aerodynamically beneficial and so ( unlike other long tails ) may have evolved through natural rather than sexual [choice] .

Given that sexual selection in birds usually acts more strongly on males than females , we predict that the reduced role of sexual selection in the evolution of long forked tails should mean that these generally exhibit lower sexual dimorphism in length than do long graduated tails or pintails .
given that sexual [choice] in birds usually acts more strongly on males than females , we predict that the reduced role of sexual [choice] in the evolution of long forked tails should mean that these generally exhibit lower sexual dimorphism in length than do long graduated tails or pintails .

1 ) , and therefore increasingly probable that sexual rather than natural selection explains their evolution .
1 ) , and therefore increasingly probable that sexual rather than natural [choice] explains their evolution .

First , the theoretical and morphological evidence indicates that while most other types of long tails have probably evolved through sexual selection , natural selection for aerodynamic efficiency may be a sufficient explanation for the evolution of many elongated forked tails .
first , the theoretical and morphological evidence indicates that while most other types of long tails have probably evolved through sexual [choice] , natural [choice] for aerodynamic efficiency may be a sufficient explanation for the evolution of many elongated forked tails .

Mutual sexual selection in a monogamous seabird
mutual sexual [choice] in a monogamous seabird

The resulting variation in mating success in both sexes provides an opportunity for sexual selection to favour ornaments that are displayed during courtship .
the resulting variation in mating success in both sexes provides an opportunity for sexual [choice] to favour ornaments that are displayed during courtship .

Our experiments indicate that crested auklet ornament size is likely to be favoured by sexual selection involving mutual mate choice by both sexes .
our experiments indicate that crested auklet ornament size is likely to be favoured by sexual [choice] involving mutual mate choice by both sexes .

Our experiments confirm Darwin 's suggestion that the evolution of ornaments of monogamous sexually monomorphic animals could be driven by mutual sexual selection .
our experiments confirm darwin 's suggestion that the evolution of ornaments of monogamous sexually monomorphic animals could be driven by mutual sexual [choice] .

Alternatively , the life history might be depressed below this optimal compromise by deleterious mutations : because selection against late-acting mutations is weaker , these will impose a greater load on late life .
alternatively , the life history might be depressed below this optimal compromise by deleterious mutations : because [choice] against late-acting mutations is weaker , these will impose a greater load on late life .

Because ageing reduces the genetic contribution of individuals to future generations , it is opposed by natural selection .
because ageing reduces the genetic contribution of individuals to future generations , it is opposed by natural [choice] .

But as Medawar first pointed out , the natural selection that maintains survival and fertility becomes weaker through the life history .
but as medawar first pointed out , the natural [choice] that maintains survival and fertility becomes weaker through the life history .

If the genes affecting survival and fertility are to some extent age-specific in their effects , then those that influence later life will be subject to weaker selection because , by the time they take effect , more of the original carriers will already have died or become infertile for other reasons .
if the genes affecting survival and fertility are to some extent age-specific in their effects , then those that influence later life will be subject to weaker [choice] because , by the time they take effect , more of the original carriers will already have died or become infertile for other reasons .

The arguments over the relative importance of optimality versus mutational explanations are relevant to a wide range of evolutionary questions , and the problem of senescence is one instance of a general question : to what extent does the degree of adaptation reflect the strength of selection ?
the arguments over the relative importance of optimality versus mutational explanations are relevant to a wide range of evolutionary questions , and the problem of senescence is one instance of a general question : to what extent does the degree of adaptation reflect the strength of [choice] ?

Can very weak selection maintain adaptations ?
can very weak [choice] maintain adaptations ?

Perhaps the best example of an adaptation maintained by weak selection ( s 10 -5 ) is the bias towards use of the most efficiently translated triplet codon , seen for some loci in Escherichia coli , yeast and Drosophila .
perhaps the best example of an adaptation maintained by weak [choice] ( s 10 -5 ) is the bias towards use of the most efficiently translated triplet codon , seen for some loci in escherichia coli , yeast and drosophila .

Yet , we are still ignorant of the general magnitude of the selection that produces and maintains adaptations .
yet , we are still ignorant of the general magnitude of the [choice] that produces and maintains adaptations .

Selection intensity on early , beneficial effects will be stronger than on later , deleterious ones and so the optimal life history will include ageing .
[choice] intensity on early , beneficial effects will be stronger than on later , deleterious ones and so the optimal life history will include ageing .

If such balancing selection maintains a substantial fraction of life-history variation , it will generate negative genetic correlations among life-history traits .
if such balancing [choice] maintains a substantial fraction of life-history variation , it will generate negative genetic correlations among life-history traits .

Because the intensity of selection on later-acting mutants declines with age , alleles with deleterious effects will reach a higher frequency in a mutation-selection balance the later the age at which they reduce fitness .
because the intensity of [choice] on later-acting mutants declines with age , alleles with deleterious effects will reach a higher frequency in a mutation-selection balance the later the age at which they reduce fitness .

In a small population , or with asexual reproduction , random sampling drift may combine with mutation to overwhelm selection , so that alleles with late , deleterious effects become common .
in a small population , or with asexual reproduction , random sampling drift may combine with mutation to overwhelm [choice] , so that alleles with late , deleterious effects become common .

Arguing from the example of Huntingdon 's chorea , Medawar suggested that there could be selection for genetic modifiers delaying the age of onset of the effects of deleterious alleles .
arguing from the example of huntingdon 's chorea , medawar suggested that there could be [choice] for genetic modifiers delaying the age of onset of the effects of deleterious alleles .

As for Fisher 's analogous explanation of the evolution of dominance , the argument is implausible , because selection on such specific modifiers is extremely weak ( of the order of the mutation rate per locus ) and likely to be overwhelmed by their pleiotropic effects .
as for fisher 's analogous explanation of the evolution of dominance , the argument is implausible , because [choice] on such specific modifiers is extremely weak ( of the order of the mutation rate per locus ) and likely to be overwhelmed by their pleiotropic effects .

Hamilton argued that , because selection is stronger on earlier ages , alleles with advantageous effects early in life would be more likely to be fixed by selection than those with a later age of action , an argument that implies that populations are continually adapting , and so are not in equilibrium .
hamilton argued that , because [choice] is stronger on earlier ages , alleles with advantageous effects early in life would be more likely to be fixed by [choice] than those with a later age of action , an argument that implies that populations are continually adapting , and so are not in equilibrium .

Some support for evolutionary theories comes from the comparative findings , which show that high maximum lifespans in optimal conditions ( cited in the introduction ) occur in creatures with a low risk of mortality in nature , and hence with strong selection maintaining late life .
some support for evolutionary theories comes from the comparative findings , which show that high maximum lifespans in optimal conditions ( cited in the introduction ) occur in creatures with a low risk of mortality in nature , and hence with strong [choice] maintaining late life .

Both theories are consistent with the absence of any genetic variance because deleterious mutations could become fixed by drift , and the optimal life history could in theory be achieved by fixation of a single optimal genotype by selection .
both theories are consistent with the absence of any genetic variance because deleterious mutations could become fixed by drift , and the optimal life history could in theory be achieved by fixation of a single optimal genotype by [choice] .

Genetic variation could result from a balance between mutation and selection , or from balancing selection alone ; given the general difficulties of finding the causes and genetic basis of polygenic variation , it is hard to take this line of evidence further .
genetic variation could result from a balance between mutation and [choice] , or from balancing [choice] alone ; given the general difficulties of finding the causes and genetic basis of polygenic variation , it is hard to take this line of evidence further .

Artificial selection has also been used to investigate the evolution of ageing .
artificial [choice] has also been used to investigate the evolution of ageing .

Restriction of breeding to older adults would be expected to reduce ageing because there is selection for higher longevity and high fertility at old ages in these ‘ old ’ lines .
restriction of breeding to older adults would be expected to reduce ageing because there is [choice] for higher longevity and high fertility at old ages in these ‘ old ’ lines .

If a response to selection occurs , and if ageing in the original base population were attributable entirely to the presence of more or less age-specific deleterious mutations , then no immediate drop in survival or fertility would be expected to occur earlier in life .
if a response to [choice] occurs , and if ageing in the original base population were attributable entirely to the presence of more or less age-specific deleterious mutations , then no immediate drop in survival or fertility would be expected to occur earlier in life .

Although the timescale of artificial selection experiments means that new mutations can contribute to the responses , in the above experiments accumulation of partially recessive mutations could not account for the decline in early performance , because the drop persisted in crosses between ‘ old ’ lines .
although the timescale of artificial [choice] experiments means that new mutations can contribute to the responses , in the above experiments accumulation of partially recessive mutations could not account for the decline in early performance , because the drop persisted in crosses between ‘ old ’ lines .

At least some of the increase in late life fitness in ‘ old ’ lines could have been caused by reduction in the frequency of predominantly late-acting mutations , and a study of the effects of reverse selection suggested that this was the case , and that mutation accumulation had therefore also contributed to ageing in the base stock .
at least some of the increase in late life fitness in ‘ old ’ lines could have been caused by reduction in the frequency of predominantly late-acting mutations , and a study of the effects of reverse [choice] suggested that this was the case , and that mutation accumulation had therefore also contributed to ageing in the base stock .

Artificial selection is not free of problems .
artificial [choice] is not free of problems .

It is possible inadvertently to apply direct selection to the characters whose correlated responses are of interest .
it is possible inadvertently to apply direct [choice] to the characters whose correlated responses are of interest .

For instance , in many experiments there may have been unintended selection pressure for rapid development and reproductive maturation in the control line flies with which the ‘ old ’ lines were compared , potentially leading to artefactual effects on early fertility .
for instance , in many experiments there may have been unintended [choice] pressure for rapid development and reproductive maturation in the control line flies with which the ‘ old ’ lines were compared , potentially leading to artefactual effects on early fertility .

These experiments somewhat underestimate mutation rates because , even where new mutations are held heterozygous against balancer chromosomes , it is impossible to eliminate natural selection altogether if mutations are not completely recessive ; to take the extreme example , dominant lethals can never be accumulated .
these experiments somewhat underestimate mutation rates because , even where new mutations are held heterozygous against balancer chromosomes , it is impossible to eliminate natural [choice] altogether if mutations are not completely recessive ; to take the extreme example , dominant lethals can never be accumulated .

In outbred populations , selection acts on new mutations mainly through their heterozygous effects .
in outbred populations , [choice] acts on new mutations mainly through their heterozygous effects .

Additional evidence for the importance of mutation accumulation has come from experiments where artificial selection has proceeded by restricting breeding to young adults , releasing the late part of the life history from natural selection , an approach originally proposed by Edney and Gill .
additional evidence for the importance of mutation accumulation has come from experiments where artificial [choice] has proceeded by restricting breeding to young adults , releasing the late part of the life history from natural [choice] , an approach originally proposed by edney and gill .

The experimental results suggest that ageing in Drosophila has evolved in part as a consequence of selection for an optimal life history , and in part as a result of accumulation of predominantly late-acting deleterious mutations .
the experimental results suggest that ageing in drosophila has evolved in part as a consequence of [choice] for an optimal life history , and in part as a result of accumulation of predominantly late-acting deleterious mutations .

There is then no selection , and an inevitable decline in viability and fertility .
there is then no [choice] , and an inevitable decline in viability and fertility .

To the extent that a multicellular soma is not maintained by selection between cells , accumulation of somatic mutations is inevitable .
to the extent that a multicellular soma is not maintained by [choice] between cells , accumulation of somatic mutations is inevitable .

The intensity of selection on survival and rate of gamete-production will therefore decline with age and ageing will evolve .
the intensity of [choice] on survival and rate of gamete-production will therefore decline with age and ageing will evolve .

If the organism breeds by dividing equally into identical offspring , then the distinction between parent and offspring disappears , the intensity of selection on survival and reproduction will remain constant and individual ageing is not expected to evolve .
if the organism breeds by dividing equally into identical offspring , then the distinction between parent and offspring disappears , the intensity of [choice] on survival and reproduction will remain constant and individual ageing is not expected to evolve .

Increasing the age at breeding leads to selection for reduced senescence , and both evolutionary theories specify that survival and fertility later in the lifespan will in consequence increase over the generations to come .
increasing the age at breeding leads to [choice] for reduced senescence , and both evolutionary theories specify that survival and fertility later in the lifespan will in consequence increase over the generations to come .

In all four figures , selection is stronger in early life on the lines selected for early reproduction , ( dashed lines ) and stronger in late life for the ‘ late ’ lines .
in all four figures , [choice] is stronger in early life on the lines selected for early reproduction , ( dashed lines ) and stronger in late life for the ‘ late ’ lines .

The difference is greater for selection on fertility ( top row ) than on survival ( bottom row ) .
the difference is greater for [choice] on fertility ( top row ) than on survival ( bottom row ) .

With this in mind , it is quite easy to argue that the selection of Justice White 's replacement is far less significant than many suppose .
with this in mind , it is quite easy to argue that the [choice] of justice white 's replacement is far less significant than many suppose .

It has already ruled that race should play no part in jury selection .
it has already ruled that race should play no part in jury [choice] .

The next Council , that of Vienne , south of Lyons , took place from October 1311 to May the following year , and was unusual in that only a selection — though a geographically fairly wide selection — of bishops were invited .
the next council , that of vienne , south of lyons , took place from october 1311 to may the following year , and was unusual in that only a [choice] — though a geographically fairly wide [choice] — of bishops were invited .

Though not a Scripture scholar in the strict sense , he knew the Pauline Epistles well and a selection of his lectures on St Paul from the 1930s were published after his death ( Colloqui Religiosi , Brescia , 1981 ) .
though not a scripture scholar in the strict sense , he knew the pauline epistles well and a [choice] of his lectures on st paul from the 1930s were published after his death ( colloqui religiosi , brescia , 1981 ) .

Rather they appeared as a selection — and a selection that seemed to reflect the interests of the powerful .
rather they appeared as a [choice] — and a [choice] that seemed to reflect the interests of the powerful .

Unix International issued the Request for Proposals under its Expanded Reference Technology Selection Process announced in February .
unix international issued the request for proposals under its expanded reference technology [choice] process announced in february .

Then he changed into a selection of dry clothes she 'd found in Marlin 's wardrobe , though Gentle was both taller and leaner than the absent lender .
then he changed into a [choice] of dry clothes she 'd found in marlin 's wardrobe , though gentle was both taller and leaner than the absent lender .

The Prado should establish , say , 20 mini-collections comprising 500 paintings , each with a varied selection of the many treasures hidden in its vaults .
the prado should establish , say , 20 mini-collections comprising 500 paintings , each with a varied [choice] of the many treasures hidden in its vaults .

Guidelines for selection and preparation
guidelines for [choice] and preparation

She questions the selection procedures for students with difficulties and disabilities and discusses the barriers to participation posed by the arrangement of the buildings and people 's attitudes .
she questions the [choice] procedures for students with difficulties and disabilities and discusses the barriers to participation posed by the arrangement of the buildings and people 's attitudes .

Selection procedures
[choice] procedures

My earlier justifications of an elitist selection procedure for our target group of students are incompatible with my commitment to equality of opportunity .
my earlier justifications of an elitist [choice] procedure for our target group of students are incompatible with my commitment to equality of opportunity .

He pulled a sheet from one of the beds , spread it on the floor , opened up wardrobes and drawers , scooped up armfuls of clothes — there was no time to make any kind of selection and even if there had been he would have been unable to pick and choose , they were all women 's clothing — dumped them on the sheet , tied up the four corners , lugged the bundle up the companionway and handed it over to Riley .
he pulled a sheet from one of the beds , spread it on the floor , opened up wardrobes and drawers , scooped up armfuls of clothes — there was no time to make any kind of [choice] and even if there had been he would have been unable to pick and choose , they were all women 's clothing — dumped them on the sheet , tied up the four corners , lugged the bundle up the companionway and handed it over to riley .

Selection ?
[choice] ?

It is expected to arrive in early September and will take part in the Autumn Steam Gala on Saturday , Sunday , September 26 and 27 together with a selection of Great Western locomotives .
it is expected to arrive in early september and will take part in the autumn steam gala on saturday , sunday , september 26 and 27 together with a [choice] of great western locomotives .

Sixty-four paintings , twenty-six works on paper and a selection of photographs have been drawn from public and private collections including the Metropolitan , the Art Institute of Chicago , the Fondation Maeght , the Musée de Grenoble , and a number of private collectors and dealers .
sixty-four paintings , twenty-six works on paper and a [choice] of photographs have been drawn from public and private collections including the metropolitan , the art institute of chicago , the fondation maeght , the musée de grenoble , and a number of private collectors and dealers .

Landscapes will range from Valenciennes to Sisley with a particularly fine selection of Barbizon works .
landscapes will range from valenciennes to sisley with a particularly fine [choice] of barbizon works .

His selection of seven artists includes Nicholas May , Paul Winstanley and Simon Callery who is also exhibiting his abstract canvases at Anderson O'Day ( 4–27 March ) .
his [choice] of seven artists includes nicholas may , paul winstanley and simon callery who is also exhibiting his abstract canvases at anderson o'day ( 4–27 march ) .

He had brought it to London with him from Plumford , together with a selection of Emorian documents and one of his mother 's account books .
he had brought it to london with him from plumford , together with a [choice] of emorian documents and one of his mother 's account books .

She chose Bonnie 's 2/30s Acrylic as the main ingredient for the recipe and added the finishing touches with a selection of knitted trims .
she chose bonnie 's 2/30s acrylic as the main ingredient for the recipe and added the finishing touches with a [choice] of knitted trims .

She also covers a selection of different necklines , collars and inserts plus a choice of sleeve shapings .
she also covers a [choice] of different necklines , collars and inserts plus a choice of sleeve shapings .

Mrs Massey has a wide selection of machines and is very involved with machine knitting in Nottingham .
mrs massey has a wide [choice] of machines and is very involved with machine knitting in nottingham .

The selection of works for the exhibition was made by the artists John Ward and Glynn Williams ; Curator of the Royal paintings Christopher Lloyd , collector Judge Stephen Tumim , and the critics Marina Vaizey and Robin Simon .
the [choice] of works for the exhibition was made by the artists john ward and glynn williams ; curator of the royal paintings christopher lloyd , collector judge stephen tumim , and the critics marina vaizey and robin simon .

His selection of twenty artists features a strong representation of Italian masters associated with ‘ Arte Povera ’ ( eight ) , with contributions from the United States ( six ) , Britain ( two ) , Belgium ( two ) and Germany ( two ) .
his [choice] of twenty artists features a strong representation of italian masters associated with ‘ arte povera ’ ( eight ) , with contributions from the united states ( six ) , britain ( two ) , belgium ( two ) and germany ( two ) .

The two British participants are Barry Flanagan , who is showing two hessian sculptures , and Richard Long , prominently included by an early sculpture of three stone rings and a selection of photographs documenting his first walks in England and abroad .
the two british participants are barry flanagan , who is showing two hessian sculptures , and richard long , prominently included by an early sculpture of three stone rings and a [choice] of photographs documenting his first walks in england and abroad .

The new hang has for the first time brought together the figures de fantaisie by Fragonard , the Louvre 's ninety-three Corots , thirty paintings by Chardin and thirteen by Watteau , as well as a rotating selection of the preparatory drawings by Le Brun for his decorative scheme for the Louvre .
the new hang has for the first time brought together the figures de fantaisie by fragonard , the louvre 's ninety-three corots , thirty paintings by chardin and thirteen by watteau , as well as a rotating [choice] of the preparatory drawings by le brun for his decorative scheme for the louvre .

Now , with the Louvre 's reorganisation , a selection of 190 Iranian and Mesopotamian antiquities is on view at the Metropolitan Museum of Art .
now , with the louvre 's reorganisation , a [choice] of 190 iranian and mesopotamian antiquities is on view at the metropolitan museum of art .

Old Master Drawings in the Ashmolean : a selection of one hundred from the museum 's collection ( Oxford University Press , Oxford , 1992 ) 232pp .
old master drawings in the ashmolean : a [choice] of one hundred from the museum 's collection ( oxford university press , oxford , 1992 ) 232pp .

The new firm intends to specialise in diamond pieces including signed works from the nineteenth century onwards , and a selection of early Tessiers pieces formerly made for the firm .
the new firm intends to specialise in diamond pieces including signed works from the nineteenth century onwards , and a [choice] of early tessiers pieces formerly made for the firm .

The Brighton Museum is offering a selection of her paintings from her English period , 1766–81 , although paintings for British clients dating from her Italian period are included , as is her self portrait ( a copy of that in the Uffizi gallery ) .
the brighton museum is offering a [choice] of her paintings from her english period , 1766–81 , although paintings for british clients dating from her italian period are included , as is her self portrait ( a copy of that in the uffizi gallery ) .

The present drawings represent a selection from a larger exhibition ‘ Italian Master Drawings from the British Royal Collection ’ , organised by Jane Roberts of the Royal Collection in 1987 and also exhibited at that time in America .
the present drawings represent a [choice] from a larger exhibition ‘ italian master drawings from the british royal collection ’ , organised by jane roberts of the royal collection in 1987 and also exhibited at that time in america .

With Michael Wilson , the gallery 's Head of Exhibitions , she has made the selection of more than forty paintings and thirty-four graphic works , and written the catalogue ( £25 h/b , £12.95 p/b ) which contains additional essays by other leading Munch scholars .
with michael wilson , the gallery 's head of exhibitions , she has made the [choice] of more than forty paintings and thirty-four graphic works , and written the catalogue ( £25 h/b , £12.95 p/b ) which contains additional essays by other leading munch scholars .

Now the Deutschherrenhaus in Koblenz , a former monastery of the Benedictine order built in 1306 , and house of the Teutonic Order of Knights , has been adapted to house a changing selection of post-war art , with special emphasis on French artists .
now the deutschherrenhaus in koblenz , a former monastery of the benedictine order built in 1306 , and house of the teutonic order of knights , has been adapted to house a changing [choice] of post-war art , with special emphasis on french artists .

Edited by Mary Ann Caws , Joseph Cornell 's Theatre of the Mind ( £18.95 ) is the first extended selection of Cornell 's diaries and writings to be published .
edited by mary ann caws , joseph cornell 's theatre of the mind ( £18.95 ) is the first extended [choice] of cornell 's diaries and writings to be published .

The following exhibitions were discussed in last month 's issue and are recommended to readers : Sean Scully 's convincing demonstration of abstract art at Waddington ( to 23 December ) , the new graphic works of Roy Lichtenstein at Mayor ( to 23 December ) , theatre paintings by Sickert at Browse and Darby ( to 23 December ) , Bernard Jacobson 's handsome selection of paintings by Stanley Spencer ( to 5 December ) , with Spencer 's drawings at Dover Street Gallery ( to 18 December ) , and a fine installation of Grenville Davey 's sculpture at Chisenhale ( to 13 December ) .
the following exhibitions were discussed in last month 's issue and are recommended to readers : sean scully 's convincing demonstration of abstract art at waddington ( to 23 december ) , the new graphic works of roy lichtenstein at mayor ( to 23 december ) , theatre paintings by sickert at browse and darby ( to 23 december ) , bernard jacobson 's handsome [choice] of paintings by stanley spencer ( to 5 december ) , with spencer 's drawings at dover street gallery ( to 18 december ) , and a fine installation of grenville davey 's sculpture at chisenhale ( to 13 december ) .

Necessarily some favourites have been left out of the selection and among them are the two larger than life , cast stone sculptures by Wilhelm Lehmbruck — the ‘ Kneeling woman ’ of 1911 and the ‘ Standing youth ’ of 1913 ( two of the museum 's earliest acquisitions , by the way ) — which have always within living memory afforded a moment of tenuous serenity in the same room with Kokoschka 's simmering double portrait of the Tietzes and Max Beckmann 's horrific ‘ Departure ’ .
necessarily some favourites have been left out of the [choice] and among them are the two larger than life , cast stone sculptures by wilhelm lehmbruck — the ‘ kneeling woman ’ of 1911 and the ‘ standing youth ’ of 1913 ( two of the museum 's earliest acquisitions , by the way ) — which have always within living memory afforded a moment of tenuous serenity in the same room with kokoschka 's simmering double portrait of the tietzes and max beckmann 's horrific ‘ departure ’ .

And for a selection of vintage abstractions go to Vanderwoude-Tananbaum , until the end of the month .
and for a [choice] of vintage abstractions go to vanderwoude-tananbaum , until the end of the month .

Downtown at Gagosian ( until 9 January ) is a selection of the artist 's late works entitled ‘ Heaven and Hell are Just a Breath Away ’ .
downtown at gagosian ( until 9 january ) is a [choice] of the artist 's late works entitled ‘ heaven and hell are just a breath away ’ .

The great visionary poet and artist , is rarely seen indeed and so it is a special treat to have before our eyes , at Salander O'Reilly , a selection of over thirty watercolours , drawings and paintings by the master .
the great visionary poet and artist , is rarely seen indeed and so it is a special treat to have before our eyes , at salander o'reilly , a [choice] of over thirty watercolours , drawings and paintings by the master .

Most telling of all are the three ‘ drug ’ songs which sign this selection off .
most telling of all are the three ‘ drug ’ songs which sign this [choice] off .

Natural selection saw to it that these were the ones to survive so that in time the orang became substantially smaller .
natural [choice] saw to it that these were the ones to survive so that in time the orang became substantially smaller .

‘ From Eating to Sleeping ’ — Visitors are invited to take a detailed look into a selection of carriages , with an emphasis on passenger comforts in the early days of the railways , led by Curator of Collections Dieter Hopkin in the South Hall .
‘ from eating to sleeping ’ — visitors are invited to take a detailed look into a [choice] of carriages , with an emphasis on passenger comforts in the early days of the railways , led by curator of collections dieter hopkin in the south hall .

The Selection Splash …
the [choice] splash …

Waldron had been Neath 's manager ( in succession to Thomas ) and coach , and had seen his players roll over everyone else in Wales and based his international selection on that .
waldron had been neath 's manager ( in succession to thomas ) and coach , and had seen his players roll over everyone else in wales and based his international [choice] on that .

Australia launched a new preparation for sevens selection this year with the introduction of the Canberra Sevens .
australia launched a new preparation for sevens [choice] this year with the introduction of the canberra sevens .

Hadley acknowledges there is a possibility that opportunities may arise to represent Japan at international level but stresses that he would not consider selection if it in any way jeopardized his standing with the Canadian Rugby Union .
hadley acknowledges there is a possibility that opportunities may arise to represent japan at international level but stresses that he would not consider [choice] if it in any way jeopardized his standing with the canadian rugby union .

Danie Visser took the opportunity of his selection to South Africa 's first Davis Cup team to be announced since 1978 , to protest that they have been placed in the bottom Group , so that it will take them at least three years to qualify for the World Group .
danie visser took the opportunity of his [choice] to south africa 's first davis cup team to be announced since 1978 , to protest that they have been placed in the bottom group , so that it will take them at least three years to qualify for the world group .

Based upon those lists , we invited Robert Storr , Curator of Painting and Sculpture at the Museum of Modern Art , New York , to comment upon their selection and the exhibition .
based upon those lists , we invited robert storr , curator of painting and sculpture at the museum of modern art , new york , to comment upon their [choice] and the exhibition .

‘ The gaps and omissions in the selection dramatically illustrate how the constant wars and invasions on Polish soil from the Renaissance to the present have destroyed the country 's cultural patrimony ’ , writes Anna Kozak , curator of foreign prints and drawings at the National Museum , Warsaw , and one of the Polish art historians who compiled the catalogue .
‘ the gaps and omissions in the [choice] dramatically illustrate how the constant wars and invasions on polish soil from the renaissance to the present have destroyed the country 's cultural patrimony ’ , writes anna kozak , curator of foreign prints and drawings at the national museum , warsaw , and one of the polish art historians who compiled the catalogue .

Meanwhile , the town 's Musée des Beaux Arts will be showing a selection of the Carré d'Art 's permanent collection .
meanwhile , the town 's musée des beaux arts will be showing a [choice] of the carré d'art 's permanent collection .

Christie 's had secured a good selection of attractive conversation pieces and landscape paintings calculated to appeal to private collectors on a budget , as well as the more interesting portraits and equestrian compositions , while the quality of the works at Sotheby 's was particularly thin .
christie 's had secured a good [choice] of attractive conversation pieces and landscape paintings calculated to appeal to private collectors on a budget , as well as the more interesting portraits and equestrian compositions , while the quality of the works at sotheby 's was particularly thin .

The selection committee , which will close its list of participants before the summer holidays , wants to have half a dozen galleries from each major speciality and increase the number of stands showing primitive and pre-Columbian art which proved particularly successful this year .
the [choice] committee , which will close its list of participants before the summer holidays , wants to have half a dozen galleries from each major speciality and increase the number of stands showing primitive and pre-columbian art which proved particularly successful this year .

Outside the permanent galleries , Picon 's hand is also seen in the Met 's installation of the current travelling show , ‘ The Greek Miracle ’ ( until 23 May ) , a selection of classical sculptures on loan from Greece .
outside the permanent galleries , picon 's hand is also seen in the met 's installation of the current travelling show , ‘ the greek miracle ’ ( until 23 may ) , a [choice] of classical sculptures on loan from greece .

Her work was included in a recent initiative in Los Angeles , where local galleries invited dealers from other countries to mount exhibitions of their artists , and Matthew Flowers took a selection of paintings to Salander O'Reilly .
her work was included in a recent initiative in los angeles , where local galleries invited dealers from other countries to mount exhibitions of their artists , and matthew flowers took a [choice] of paintings to salander o'reilly .

The Pompidou Centre will be showing a selection of the Matisse works already seen at the Museum of Modern Art , New York , from 25 February to 21 June .
the pompidou centre will be showing a [choice] of the matisse works already seen at the museum of modern art , new york , from 25 february to 21 june .

The selection of eighty-one canvases and other works of art has been made by Nicholas Serota , director of the Tate Gallery and long an admirer of Ryman 's work , which he showed at the Whitechapel Art Gallery in 1977 , and Robert Storr , Curator in the Department of Painting and Sculpture at the Museum of Modern Art , New York .
the [choice] of eighty-one canvases and other works of art has been made by nicholas serota , director of the tate gallery and long an admirer of ryman 's work , which he showed at the whitechapel art gallery in 1977 , and robert storr , curator in the department of painting and sculpture at the museum of modern art , new york .

The Tate Gallery 's exhibition continues this process of reassessment through a selection of those earlier works dating before 1960 and including a rare coloured canvas , ‘ Untitled ( Orange Painting ) ’ , which was created in 1955–59 and has never been shown , although it is known from illustrations in catalogues .
the tate gallery 's exhibition continues this process of reassessment through a [choice] of those earlier works dating before 1960 and including a rare coloured canvas , ‘ untitled ( orange painting ) ’ , which was created in 1955–59 and has never been shown , although it is known from illustrations in catalogues .

In January Dulwich picture gallery showed a selection of its finest paintings at Christie 's in an effort to draw public attention to its urgent need to raise funds ( a further £200,000 per annum is required ; see p.7 ) .
in january dulwich picture gallery showed a [choice] of its finest paintings at christie 's in an effort to draw public attention to its urgent need to raise funds ( a further £200,000 per annum is required ; see p.7 ) .

MoMA Photography Curator Peter Galassi told The Art Newspaper , ‘ It 's a very rare thing for a museum , after the fact , to assemble a comprehensive selection of an artist 's work ’ .
moma photography curator peter galassi told the art newspaper , ‘ it 's a very rare thing for a museum , after the fact , to assemble a comprehensive [choice] of an artist 's work ’ .

Edward Cuff from Yeovil sent a most interesting collection of photographs as diverse as a Bleriot-type being flown by Gustav Hamel near Canterbury , and a selection of pictures related to the Battle of Britain airfield at Warmwell whose correct name was Woodsford .
edward cuff from yeovil sent a most interesting collection of photographs as diverse as a bleriot-type being flown by gustav hamel near canterbury , and a [choice] of pictures related to the battle of britain airfield at warmwell whose correct name was woodsford .

Today , a fine selection of quality papers is available to watercolourists and no doubt there is among them one that best matches your painting style .
today , a fine [choice] of quality papers is available to watercolourists and no doubt there is among them one that best matches your painting style .

Reproduced here is a selection of these remarkable images , often taken in extreme circumstances .
reproduced here is a [choice] of these remarkable images , often taken in extreme circumstances .

Central News provides a wide selection of news stories covering the full spectrum of events — unusual and everyday — in Britain .
central news provides a wide [choice] of news stories covering the full spectrum of events — unusual and everyday — in britain .

Simply by the virtue of the fact that it provides a varied selection of business case studies with video , Business Assignments is a remarkable set of materials .
simply by the virtue of the fact that it provides a varied [choice] of business case studies with video , business assignments is a remarkable set of materials .

Consequently , the topics reflect a global and cross-curricular selection .
consequently , the topics reflect a global and cross-curricular [choice] .

selection — we supply a range of essential vocabulary when it is needed .
[choice] — we supply a range of essential vocabulary when it is needed .

The book also includes a selection of small-scale tasks to enable teachers to design and select effective listening materials for themselves .
the book also includes a [choice] of small-scale tasks to enable teachers to design and select effective listening materials for themselves .

Start with English Readers offer a superb selection of original stories , beautifully illustrated in full colour and carefully graded to correspond with the six levels of the popular Start With English course ( see page 4 ) .
start with english readers offer a superb [choice] of original stories , beautifully illustrated in full colour and carefully graded to correspond with the six levels of the popular start with english course ( see page 4 ) .

Lively recordings of a selection of readers from each level are available on cassette .
lively recordings of a [choice] of readers from each level are available on cassette .

Children will love this varied selection of Christmas songs , action songs , number songs , and memory songs , which provides a motivating supplement to any English course for young learners .
children will love this varied [choice] of christmas songs , action songs , number songs , and memory songs , which provides a motivating supplement to any english course for young learners .

The cassette also contains a lively selection of specially composed rhymes and songs .
the cassette also contains a lively [choice] of specially composed rhymes and songs .

As well as a good selection of photos , Alan 's sketches and cartoons adorn the book .
as well as a good [choice] of photos , alan 's sketches and cartoons adorn the book .

James Stephen would not allow an exaggeration of Clarkson 's contribution but saw the historical memory of antislavery preserved in the names of Wilberforce and Clarkson ‘ not by any human caprice or fortuitous accident but by the selection and appointment of the Master they served ’ .
james stephen would not allow an exaggeration of clarkson 's contribution but saw the historical memory of antislavery preserved in the names of wilberforce and clarkson ‘ not by any human caprice or fortuitous accident but by the [choice] and appointment of the master they served ’ .

So far in this chapter we have concentrated on only a small selection of the most creative and influential thinkers in theology from Schleiermacher to the turn of the century .
so far in this chapter we have concentrated on only a small [choice] of the most creative and influential thinkers in theology from schleiermacher to the turn of the century .

Keen pond owners enjoy growing a good selection of aquatic plants especially waterlilies — given the facilities why not try experimenting with tropical waterlilies ?
keen pond owners enjoy growing a good [choice] of aquatic plants especially waterlilies — given the facilities why not try experimenting with tropical waterlilies ?

Nowadays however , we have a vast selection of devices , manufactured from a wide range of materials that assure the fishkeeper of total elimination of fishwaste and associated products from their aquarium or pond .
nowadays however , we have a vast [choice] of devices , manufactured from a wide range of materials that assure the fishkeeper of total elimination of fishwaste and associated products from their aquarium or pond .

In limestone and sandstone areas in sheltered bays , sculptured rock pools support a large selection of algaes ( prettily coloured seaweeds , tufts of purple , scarlet and green ) , which in this aquarium-sized representation of the sea , support a host of small fish , especially young wrasse , and a community of prawns and other invertebrates , like the sea anemones and gasteropod ( snail-like ) molluscs .
in limestone and sandstone areas in sheltered bays , sculptured rock pools support a large [choice] of algaes ( prettily coloured seaweeds , tufts of purple , scarlet and green ) , which in this aquarium-sized representation of the sea , support a host of small fish , especially young wrasse , and a community of prawns and other invertebrates , like the sea anemones and gasteropod ( snail-like ) molluscs .

Experienced rockpoolers appreciate that these low level pools can prove to be the most interesting , with a varied selection of life , including many species which are not normally found on the shore .
experienced rockpoolers appreciate that these low level pools can prove to be the most interesting , with a varied [choice] of life , including many species which are not normally found on the shore .

In the stunningly beautiful Labridae family alone there is a huge possible selection of delightful species to choose from .
in the stunningly beautiful labridae family alone there is a huge possible [choice] of delightful species to choose from .

However , there is a rewarding selection of exquisite species to grace the aquarium , which retain their beauty into maturity .
however , there is a rewarding [choice] of exquisite species to grace the aquarium , which retain their beauty into maturity .

Compromises will certainly have to be made , notably in the positioning of the pond and selection of garden plants and shrubs , but the following tips may be of help :
compromises will certainly have to be made , notably in the positioning of the pond and [choice] of garden plants and shrubs , but the following tips may be of help :

Selection is inevitable and flexibility is the name of the game .
[choice] is inevitable and flexibility is the name of the game .

One reviewer thought John Barleycorn ( 1914 ) ‘ the most powerful moral lesson ever conveyed in films ’ and stressed how brilliantly the ‘ selection of types ’ , the ‘ faithful depiction ’ of ‘ the underworld of sea-faring men ’ , and the very smell of the sea that the movie evoked all helped to convey the ‘ dehumanising effects of strong drink ’ .
one reviewer thought john barleycorn ( 1914 ) ‘ the most powerful moral lesson ever conveyed in films ’ and stressed how brilliantly the ‘ [choice] of types ’ , the ‘ faithful depiction ’ of ‘ the underworld of sea-faring men ’ , and the very smell of the sea that the movie evoked all helped to convey the ‘ dehumanising effects of strong drink ’ .

Keiser ( 1978 ) reviews the selection and training of conference interpreters .
keiser ( 1978 ) reviews the [choice] and training of conference interpreters .

This month 's Top Tip prize is a selection of Sandvik hacksaws and files .
this month 's top tip prize is a [choice] of sandvik hacksaws and files .

Bressingham 's catalogue ( available from newsagents ) includes a wide selection of dwarf and slow-growing conifers , as well as winter-flowering heathers — try the white-flowering scented variety Silberschmerze .
bressingham 's catalogue ( available from newsagents ) includes a wide [choice] of dwarf and slow-growing conifers , as well as winter-flowering heathers — try the white-flowering scented variety silberschmerze .

Should secondary schools be reorganised , and the long-established grammar schools ( to which entry was gained by selection at 11 ) be abolished and replaced by comprehensives ?
should secondary schools be reorganised , and the long-established grammar schools ( to which entry was gained by [choice] at 11 ) be abolished and replaced by comprehensives ?

The ideal of providing an adequate and satisfying secondary education for all ( and not just for the few who were fortunate enough to be able to pass a selection test at 11 ) seemed close to realisation .
the ideal of providing an adequate and satisfying secondary education for all ( and not just for the few who were fortunate enough to be able to pass a [choice] test at 11 ) seemed close to realisation .

Long before the appearance of Circular 10/65 a small number of primary school teachers had argued that secondary school selection should not determine the primary school curriculum .
long before the appearance of circular 10/65 a small number of primary school teachers had argued that secondary school [choice] should not determine the primary school curriculum .

But in practice , for the great majority of schools , the selection procedure acted as a straightjacket .
but in practice , for the great majority of schools , the [choice] procedure acted as a straightjacket .

The removal of selection at 11 gave primary school teachers the opportunity to relate their work to the needs of all the children and to make the school day meaningful for each individual in their care .
the removal of [choice] at 11 gave primary school teachers the opportunity to relate their work to the needs of all the children and to make the school day meaningful for each individual in their care .

In all major areas ( secondary school selection , the applications of financial grants to specific activities , school building , staffing levels … ) the local authority made decisions and the teaching force were the agents through which policy was implemented .
in all major areas ( secondary school [choice] , the applications of financial grants to specific activities , school building , staffing levels … ) the local authority made decisions and the teaching force were the agents through which policy was implemented .

This policy issue must be cleared before the basic personnel decisions about selection and training of staff at the various levels can be made and before the information presentations can be designed .
this policy issue must be cleared before the basic personnel decisions about [choice] and training of staff at the various levels can be made and before the information presentations can be designed .

As the system is made more definitive by the selection of particular physical mechanisms there should be parallel activity in the consideration of how these things are to be used and maintained by the human operator .
as the system is made more definitive by the [choice] of particular physical mechanisms there should be parallel activity in the consideration of how these things are to be used and maintained by the human operator .

The design of the man-machine interface must develop from an understanding of how the man is expected to interact with the machine and correspondingly the design of selection , allocation and training schemes depends on knowing what is required of the operator .
the design of the man-machine interface must develop from an understanding of how the man is expected to interact with the machine and correspondingly the design of [choice] , allocation and training schemes depends on knowing what is required of the operator .

Tasks represent the human contribution to system performance but for purposes of personnel selection , training and allocation , it is necessary for tasks to be separated or combined into jobs .
tasks represent the human contribution to system performance but for purposes of personnel [choice] , training and allocation , it is necessary for tasks to be separated or combined into jobs .

His diagnostic task is somehow to differentiate between the information he is receiving which is false and that which is valid and follow this by the selection of a remedial strategy .
his diagnostic task is somehow to differentiate between the information he is receiving which is false and that which is valid and follow this by the [choice] of a remedial strategy .

There is a variety of task analysis methods available and the selection of an appropriate set varies with the kind of work ( as represented by these cells ) and also with the purposes of the analysis .
there is a variety of task analysis methods available and the [choice] of an appropriate set varies with the kind of work ( as represented by these cells ) and also with the purposes of the analysis .

Greater precision is achieved by more definitive selection and guidance .
greater precision is achieved by more definitive [choice] and guidance .

a selection board .
a [choice] board .

Checks of interview effectiveness by , for example , having the same list of candidates ranked independently by two selection boards invariably indicates rather poor consistency .
checks of interview effectiveness by , for example , having the same list of candidates ranked independently by two [choice] boards invariably indicates rather poor consistency .

On the other hand no manager willingly accepts a new member of staff without the use of a selection interview , no doctor will express a confident diagnosis without an interview with the patient , and no counsellor could function without meeting his clients face to face .
on the other hand no manager willingly accepts a new member of staff without the use of a [choice] interview , no doctor will express a confident diagnosis without an interview with the patient , and no counsellor could function without meeting his clients face to face .

In peace-time the selection ratio , the ratio of applicants to available jobs is a key feature , there tends to be more testing in times of economic depression when jobs are scarce and also in post-war periods when there is extensive experience of using tests .
in peace-time the [choice] ratio , the ratio of applicants to available jobs is a key feature , there tends to be more testing in times of economic depression when jobs are scarce and also in post-war periods when there is extensive experience of using tests .

The use of tests is not , of course , confined to selection procedures .
the use of tests is not , of course , confined to [choice] procedures .

It requires a broader approach than task analysis in that it often involves tracing the acquisition of the skill starting from the kind of persons who undertake training ( the selection criteria ) through the training procedures to the end product ( the training success criteria ) .
it requires a broader approach than task analysis in that it often involves tracing the acquisition of the skill starting from the kind of persons who undertake training ( the [choice] criteria ) through the training procedures to the end product ( the training success criteria ) .

Selection and guidance
[choice] and guidance

In the case of selection the given point is the job and the population is searched to find the most appropriate worker , in the case of guidance one worker is the starting point and the range of jobs is searched to identify the best one .
in the case of [choice] the given point is the job and the population is searched to find the most appropriate worker , in the case of guidance one worker is the starting point and the range of jobs is searched to identify the best one .

Thus , in the selection situation the process involves not only analysing and describing the job but also considering the availability of potentially appropriate workers .
thus , in the [choice] situation the process involves not only analysing and describing the job but also considering the availability of potentially appropriate workers .

Thus , the selection process involves describing the job first by analysis ( task and skills analysis ) and then the translation of these data into worker relevant terminology .
thus , the [choice] process involves describing the job first by analysis ( task and skills analysis ) and then the translation of these data into worker relevant terminology .

This is itself an important stage in the process because a well prepared advertisement will enable the recipients to engage in self selection which does not , at this stage , involve further selector resources .
this is itself an important stage in the process because a well prepared advertisement will enable the recipients to engage in self [choice] which does not , at this stage , involve further selector resources .

There then follow the more expensive stages of final selection which may involve testing and interviewing as described earlier .
there then follow the more expensive stages of final [choice] which may involve testing and interviewing as described earlier .

Placement is a mixture of selection and guidance , a process of mutual matching takes place within a known range of persons and jobs .
placement is a mixture of [choice] and guidance , a process of mutual matching takes place within a known range of persons and jobs .

The most important training aids are the instructors , the selection and training of these is a vital secondary scheme supporting the primary scheme .
the most important training aids are the instructors , the [choice] and training of these is a vital secondary scheme supporting the primary scheme .

Employers were found to use five main selection devices : application forms , academic qualifications , school references , performance in aptitude tests , and interviews .
employers were found to use five main [choice] devices : application forms , academic qualifications , school references , performance in aptitude tests , and interviews .

a selection of adventure outlines and plot elements for use in the Castle .
a [choice] of adventure outlines and plot elements for use in the castle .

However , in order to make meaningful comparisons more is needed than merely comparative information , since within any field of study theory is necessary both to provide a framework for the systematic analysis and accumulation of the existing stock of knowledge and to serve as a guide for the selection of research problems .
however , in order to make meaningful comparisons more is needed than merely comparative information , since within any field of study theory is necessary both to provide a framework for the systematic analysis and accumulation of the existing stock of knowledge and to serve as a guide for the [choice] of research problems .

In the light of the preceding discussion it is necessary to consider the methodology of comparative industrial relations more fully since it is clear that to be of value the studies need to be appropriately designed and the cases to be compared require careful selection .
in the light of the preceding discussion it is necessary to consider the methodology of comparative industrial relations more fully since it is clear that to be of value the studies need to be appropriately designed and the cases to be compared require careful [choice] .

You will find a selection of frames available in many craft shops and some d-i-y outlets .
you will find a [choice] of frames available in many craft shops and some d-i-y outlets .

The Hampshire-based iron-work firm has just extended its range of hammer-and-anvil pieces to include a selection of castings using original patterns .
the hampshire-based iron-work firm has just extended its range of hammer-and-anvil pieces to include a [choice] of castings using original patterns .

Left : Create a riot of colour , without a single flower , with a stunning selection of coleus amongst your summer bedding . For an interesting mix of leaf colours and marking , try : Thompson & Morgan 's Dragon Sunset & Volcano Hybrids , and Fashion Parade ; Mr Fothergill 's Milky Way , and Sabre Mixed ; and Sutton 's Rainbow Choice Mixed , or the dwarf Wizard Mixed
left : create a riot of colour , without a single flower , with a stunning [choice] of coleus amongst your summer bedding . for an interesting mix of leaf colours and marking , try : thompson & morgan 's dragon sunset & volcano hybrids , and fashion parade ; mr fothergill 's milky way , and sabre mixed ; and sutton 's rainbow choice mixed , or the dwarf wizard mixed

If Darwin showed biologically that evolution was nature 's way of natural selection and continual improvement , he was backed up on the social level by all the great social theorists who taught one version or another of perpetual progress .
if darwin showed biologically that evolution was nature 's way of natural [choice] and continual improvement , he was backed up on the social level by all the great social theorists who taught one version or another of perpetual progress .

These include selection ( of information , viewpoint , etc . )
these include [choice] ( of information , viewpoint , etc . )

The second pitch continues the theme initiated by the first : good rock , great protection and sustained interest , before popping out onto the grassy clifftop , where there is a fine selection of arboreal belays .
the second pitch continues the theme initiated by the first : good rock , great protection and sustained interest , before popping out onto the grassy clifftop , where there is a fine [choice] of arboreal belays .

You 'll find a limited selection in d-i-y stores : for a wider choice , try builders merchants .
you 'll find a limited [choice] in d-i-y stores : for a wider choice , try builders merchants .

Above : An unusual ‘ porthole ’ feature window is included in the selection of archway kits from Oakhill . Made up of solid pine architrave sections , inner plywood lengths which form the soffit , and supporting cross-members ( left ) , they can be varnished to match existing skirting boards etc , ( below )
above : an unusual ‘ porthole ’ feature window is included in the [choice] of archway kits from oakhill . made up of solid pine architrave sections , inner plywood lengths which form the soffit , and supporting cross-members ( left ) , they can be varnished to match existing skirting boards etc , ( below )

Mitre cutting selection : 1 : Aluminium allow box with replaceable wood insert ; 2 : Nobex 303 with saw and preset angles for 4 , 5 , 6 and 8-sided frames ; 3 : Nobex 505 handy mitre guide can be set between 45 and 90° , holds saw ( not included ) with magnets ; 4 : Record Marples mitre cutting guide clamps mouldings for sawing , gluing and pinning
mitre cutting [choice] : 1 : aluminium allow box with replaceable wood insert ; 2 : nobex 303 with saw and preset angles for 4 , 5 , 6 and 8-sided frames ; 3 : nobex 505 handy mitre guide can be set between 45 and 90° , holds saw ( not included ) with magnets ; 4 : record marples mitre cutting guide clamps mouldings for sawing , gluing and pinning

The prize for the Top Tip this month is a selection of Sandvik hand tools worth £50 .
the prize for the top tip this month is a [choice] of sandvik hand tools worth £50 .

Daler-Rowney has launched a new , heavyweight cartridge paper , which is acid-free and available in a selection of sizes .
daler-rowney has launched a new , heavyweight cartridge paper , which is acid-free and available in a [choice] of sizes .

Here is a selection .
here is a [choice] .

Selection of liquid acrylic paints of various viscosities .
[choice] of liquid acrylic paints of various viscosities .

In spite of local cooperative strength there was none in West Ham because of potential conflict with the West Ham Trades Council and Labour Representation Committee , which at the time controlled selection of Labour candidates .
in spite of local cooperative strength there was none in west ham because of potential conflict with the west ham trades council and labour representation committee , which at the time controlled [choice] of labour candidates .

But , apart from such celebrated examples , the private press movement really belongs to the late nineteenth and twentieth centuries , as the following selection of some of the best-known will show .
but , apart from such celebrated examples , the private press movement really belongs to the late nineteenth and twentieth centuries , as the following [choice] of some of the best-known will show .

Collectors are recommended to study closely the books and prices in any sale especially devoted to the works from this selection of presses as well as from other presses , particularly if sound investment is a consideration . While there are inevitable deviations and eccentricities such a survey is likely to give a fair indication of :
collectors are recommended to study closely the books and prices in any sale especially devoted to the works from this [choice] of presses as well as from other presses , particularly if sound investment is a consideration . while there are inevitable deviations and eccentricities such a survey is likely to give a fair indication of :

To take a selection in chronological order :
to take a [choice] in chronological order :

In this model rational policy-making is simply the selection of that alternative which delivers the greatest benefits net of costs ( from the elite 's perspective ) , a conception known variously as ‘ optimal ’ decision-making ( Arrow , 1951 ) , ‘ comprehensive unbounded rationality ’ ( Simon , 1957a ) , or ‘ synoptic ’ decision-making ( Lindblom , 1977 ) .
in this model rational policy-making is simply the [choice] of that alternative which delivers the greatest benefits net of costs ( from the elite 's perspective ) , a conception known variously as ‘ optimal ’ decision-making ( arrow , 1951 ) , ‘ comprehensive unbounded rationality ’ ( simon , 1957a ) , or ‘ synoptic ’ decision-making ( lindblom , 1977 ) .

In particular , the tendency to relate the supposed forces of natural selection and vigorous competition from the natural to the human world equated the different achievements of culture and technological development with variations in skin colour and other physical characteristics .
in particular , the tendency to relate the supposed forces of natural [choice] and vigorous competition from the natural to the human world equated the different achievements of culture and technological development with variations in skin colour and other physical characteristics .

Zande conceptions are sufficiently flexible to permit the selection of explanations according to one 's position and interests .
zande conceptions are sufficiently flexible to permit the [choice] of explanations according to one 's position and interests .

In order to deal with this we have done both , that is not only compared a strictly identical sample of newspapers , but also provided the full range of the newspaper selection for each sample year .
in order to deal with this we have done both , that is not only compared a strictly identical sample of newspapers , but also provided the full range of the newspaper [choice] for each sample year .

However , this is a narrow selection from press reporting of sex crime and runs the risk of perhaps exaggerating the degree of sensationalism in the papers .
however , this is a narrow [choice] from press reporting of sex crime and runs the risk of perhaps exaggerating the degree of sensationalism in the papers .

The criteria for selection will be examined in Chapters 3 and 4 , which look at the content of the reporting in more detail .
the criteria for [choice] will be examined in chapters 3 and 4 , which look at the content of the reporting in more detail .

There was the usual paraphernalia of filing cabinets and a large selection of framed photographs of Derek Jefferson with various stars of screen , golf and Parliament .
there was the usual paraphernalia of filing cabinets and a large [choice] of framed photographs of derek jefferson with various stars of screen , golf and parliament .

Included in the selection was the brother and sister of MaliVai Washington , Mashishka , 16 and Mashona , whose 16th birthday takes place during the workshop , and Chanda Rubin 's brother , Edward , 14 , out of Lafayette .
included in the [choice] was the brother and sister of malivai washington , mashishka , 16 and mashona , whose 16th birthday takes place during the workshop , and chanda rubin 's brother , edward , 14 , out of lafayette .

‘ Puffers ’ self-service restaurant offers a good selection and the ‘ Bessemer Arms ’ , the Victorian replica pub provides fine food and bar facilities .
‘ puffers ’ self-service restaurant offers a good [choice] and the ‘ bessemer arms ’ , the victorian replica pub provides fine food and bar facilities .

He can provide details of the job , our selection criteria and career opportunities .
he can provide details of the job , our [choice] criteria and career opportunities .

Search and Selection Limited
search and [choice] limited

Its section on ‘ Research and Programmes ’ gives details of a selection of worldwide activities concerning cultural development .
its section on ‘ research and programmes ’ gives details of a [choice] of worldwide activities concerning cultural development .

Just how important the selection of the right host can be for the cuckoo has been demonstrated by Nick Davies and Mike Brooke in a series of ingenious experiments .
just how important the [choice] of the right host can be for the cuckoo has been demonstrated by nick davies and mike brooke in a series of ingenious experiments .

Timing can be almost as important as selection of the right host species .
timing can be almost as important as [choice] of the right host species .

They are programmed by natural selection to behave in certain ways and cuckoos and other brood parasites are simply exploiting these fixed behavioural patterns .
they are programmed by natural [choice] to behave in certain ways and cuckoos and other brood parasites are simply exploiting these fixed behavioural patterns .

Natural selection favours those individuals that can tell when they have been parasitised and eject the cuckoo 's eggs .
natural [choice] favours those individuals that can tell when they have been parasitised and eject the cuckoo 's eggs .

On the other hand , the cuckoo is subject to natural selection too and will evolve strategies to defeat those adopted by its hosts .
on the other hand , the cuckoo is subject to natural [choice] too and will evolve strategies to defeat those adopted by its hosts .

And the pressure of natural selection on the cuckoo is considerably greater than that on the host species .
and the pressure of natural [choice] on the cuckoo is considerably greater than that on the host species .

This brilliant piece of ‘ natural ingenuity ’ has evolved through natural selection .
this brilliant piece of ‘ natural ingenuity ’ has evolved through natural [choice] .

During a visit to the Galapagos in 1835 , Charles Darwin was fascinated by these birds , and they eventually played a central role in developing his theory of evolution through natural selection .
during a visit to the galapagos in 1835 , charles darwin was fascinated by these birds , and they eventually played a central role in developing his theory of evolution through natural [choice] .

Natural selection obviously favours the most successful caterpillars , and these are the ones that hatch out early enough to get their jaws into the young , tender , comparatively tannin-free leaves .
natural [choice] obviously favours the most successful caterpillars , and these are the ones that hatch out early enough to get their jaws into the young , tender , comparatively tannin-free leaves .

Since females compete for males , rather than vice versa , natural selection has favoured the females that are best at competing — usually the bigger ones .
since females compete for males , rather than vice versa , natural [choice] has favoured the females that are best at competing — usually the bigger ones .

Natural selection would then gradually have produced a hardier group of individuals capable of remaining for longer in the remote mountain regions .
natural [choice] would then gradually have produced a hardier group of individuals capable of remaining for longer in the remote mountain regions .

Although this may seem harsh it is actually natural selection in action .
although this may seem harsh it is actually natural [choice] in action .

Once again , natural selection is at work , for only the strongest males will survive .
once again , natural [choice] is at work , for only the strongest males will survive .

The cheeseboard offers a good selection of locally produced cheeses such as applewood smoked cheese and the wonderfully named Cornish Yarg .
the cheeseboard offers a good [choice] of locally produced cheeses such as applewood smoked cheese and the wonderfully named cornish yarg .

The Carrbridge Landmark Centre provides nature trails , an excellent shop and a good selection of books .
the carrbridge landmark centre provides nature trails , an excellent shop and a good [choice] of books .

It would appear that the passenger selection process has singled the Welshman out as unattractive as North Wales Coast Express loadings are holding up .
it would appear that the passenger [choice] process has singled the welshman out as unattractive as north wales coast express loadings are holding up .

The second question was : If everything is determined by some fundamental theory , then what we say about the theory is also determined by the theory — and why should it be determined to be correct , rather than just plain wrong or irrelevant ? My answer to this was to appeal to Darwin 's theory of natural selection : Only those individuals who drew the appropriate conclusions about the world around them would be likely to survive and reproduce .
the second question was : if everything is determined by some fundamental theory , then what we say about the theory is also determined by the theory — and why should it be determined to be correct , rather than just plain wrong or irrelevant ? my answer to this was to appeal to darwin 's theory of natural [choice] : only those individuals who drew the appropriate conclusions about the world around them would be likely to survive and reproduce .

That means this belief should be reinforced by natural selection .
that means this belief should be reinforced by natural [choice] .

If it does not , the human race will have been one of natural selection 's dead ends .
if it does not , the human race will have been one of natural [choice] 's dead ends .

Developers would do well to scan as wide a selection of these publications as possible .
developers would do well to scan as wide a [choice] of these publications as possible .

Where there is more than one secondary school the method of pupil selection or the identification of catchment areas may be all-important .
where there is more than one secondary school the method of pupil [choice] or the identification of catchment areas may be all-important .

Jed had made his selection ; three toys stood out on their own in the middle of the floor , these being the ones that he reckoned he could do without .
jed had made his [choice] ; three toys stood out on their own in the middle of the floor , these being the ones that he reckoned he could do without .

With no money to invest in new players and a squad of only thirteen , team selection is a constant problem .
with no money to invest in new players and a squad of only thirteen , team [choice] is a constant problem .

Continually fighting in and out the dug-out , bickering over team selection and a 1954 Ford Popular , the Mentle/Pybus partnership was completely unworkable .
continually fighting in and out the dug-out , bickering over team [choice] and a 1954 ford popular , the mentle/pybus partnership was completely unworkable .

At last the boy counted out sixpences and pennies onto the counter and picked up his final selection , an elephant mask with moulded plastic tusks of extreme sharpness and a foam-rubber trunk you could raise or lower by pulling a string .
at last the boy counted out sixpences and pennies onto the counter and picked up his final [choice] , an elephant mask with moulded plastic tusks of extreme sharpness and a foam-rubber trunk you could raise or lower by pulling a string .

In the course of reporting events , every language makes a different selection from a large set of possible distinctions in terms of notions such as time , number , gender , shape , visibility , person , proximity , animacy , and so on .
in the course of reporting events , every language makes a different [choice] from a large set of possible distinctions in terms of notions such as time , number , gender , shape , visibility , person , proximity , animacy , and so on .

In order to appreciate the factors which motivate a writer or speaker to make this kind of selection , one needs to think of the clause as a message rather than as a string of grammatical and lexical elements .
in order to appreciate the factors which motivate a writer or speaker to make this kind of [choice] , one needs to think of the clause as a message rather than as a string of grammatical and lexical elements .

The selection of an individual theme of a given clause in a given text is not in itself particularly significant .
the [choice] of an individual theme of a given clause in a given text is not in itself particularly significant .

The original selection of telephone numbers totalled 238 , out of which 196 were successfully contacted ; of these , there were 87 refusals .
the original [choice] of telephone numbers totalled 238 , out of which 196 were successfully contacted ; of these , there were 87 refusals .

Meantime , the important principle which emerges is that the network measure is concerned with an underlying variable of integration to a social group ; hence , selection of indicators is motivated by the need to characterize in a principled way differences between individuals with respect to degree of integration .
meantime , the important principle which emerges is that the network measure is concerned with an underlying variable of integration to a social group ; hence , [choice] of indicators is motivated by the need to characterize in a principled way differences between individuals with respect to degree of integration .

But computers can also overwhelm the user with numbers very quickly , and can not give any more help with their interpretation than with the initial selection of an appropriate statistical procedure .
but computers can also overwhelm the user with numbers very quickly , and can not give any more help with their interpretation than with the initial [choice] of an appropriate statistical procedure .

It is important not to allow a mechanical aid , however powerful , to interfere with the careful specification of analytic goals and the selection of appropriate means of attaining them .
it is important not to allow a mechanical aid , however powerful , to interfere with the careful specification of analytic goals and the [choice] of appropriate means of attaining them .

Whether a guillotine has been imposed or not , the Speaker has the power to select and group amendments in order to cut down the number and to confine debate to the salient points , but even with this power of Speaker 's selection , a guillotine may mean that blocks of amendments are never reached .
whether a guillotine has been imposed or not , the speaker has the power to select and group amendments in order to cut down the number and to confine debate to the salient points , but even with this power of speaker 's [choice] , a guillotine may mean that blocks of amendments are never reached .

This is a factor in selection , and all Cabinets have some first-class administrators , but there are other , political reasons for appointments and it is possible that in any Cabinet of twenty , a half would not have been chosen if the only grounds had been the capacity to run a large department .
this is a factor in [choice] , and all cabinets have some first-class administrators , but there are other , political reasons for appointments and it is possible that in any cabinet of twenty , a half would not have been chosen if the only grounds had been the capacity to run a large department .

Argument over the method of selection of candidates continued .
argument over the method of [choice] of candidates continued .

The idea was subsequently revived by Neil Kinnock after the 1987 election in modified form which allowed local union branches to retain a voice in the selection process .
the idea was subsequently revived by neil kinnock after the 1987 election in modified form which allowed local union branches to retain a voice in the [choice] process .

At the 1987 Labour Conference the issue of candidate selection proved to be a major source of controversy .
at the 1987 labour conference the issue of candidate [choice] proved to be a major source of controversy .

It 's only a hop and a skip from the Viaduct , and they have a good selection of the latest fashions . ’
it 's only a hop and a skip from the viaduct , and they have a good [choice] of the latest fashions . ’

This scheme differs from the Protogeometric in a reduction of the black areas and of concentric circles and semicircles , and in a careful selection of the rectilinear motives and the ordering of them to cover the pot with a skin of graded zones which emphasise its shape .
this scheme differs from the protogeometric in a reduction of the black areas and of concentric circles and semicircles , and in a careful [choice] of the rectilinear motives and the ordering of them to cover the pot with a skin of graded zones which emphasise its shape .

This work has been useful in two main areas : analysis of types of content — see Berelson ( 1950 ) and Williams ( 1962 ) — and of the selection and portrayal of certain social figures — see Lowenthal ( 1961 ) .
this work has been useful in two main areas : analysis of types of content — see berelson ( 1950 ) and williams ( 1962 ) — and of the [choice] and portrayal of certain social figures — see lowenthal ( 1961 ) .

While the academies monopolized exhibitions , there would always be arguments about selection and the principles of selection .
while the academies monopolized exhibitions , there would always be arguments about [choice] and the principles of [choice] .

Recurrent problems of the imposition or privilege of certain styles and tendencies , of methods of selection and of publicity , and then of both general and commercial advantage , might in some cases ( usually unsuccessfully ) be individually negotiated .
recurrent problems of the imposition or privilege of certain styles and tendencies , of methods of [choice] and of publicity , and then of both general and commercial advantage , might in some cases ( usually unsuccessfully ) be individually negotiated .

( iii ) selection , transformation and production of separable objects , which then carry cultural significance , as in the use of clay , metal , stone and pigment in sculpture and painting ;
( iii ) [choice] , transformation and production of separable objects , which then carry cultural significance , as in the use of clay , metal , stone and pigment in sculpture and painting ;

First there is the fact that when the work has become a commodity , produced to be sold at a profit , the internal calculations of any such market production lead directly to new forms of cultural control and especially cultural selection .
first there is the fact that when the work has become a commodity , produced to be sold at a profit , the internal calculations of any such market production lead directly to new forms of cultural control and especially cultural [choice] .

It is here , second , that manifest commercial modes of control and selection become , in effect , cultural modes .
it is here , second , that manifest commercial modes of control and [choice] become , in effect , cultural modes .

Yet this relation , marked by many forms of co-operation , interaction and two-way movement between the ‘ market ’ and ‘ subsidized ’ areas , is nevertheless always precarious , for there can be little real doubt that it is the dominant area , the market , which either determines , or emphasizes and de-emphasizes , prevailing types of production , and there are then the familiar asymmetries : ( i ) between the notion of a necessary ‘ high culture ’ — and the pressures of the market on its continued viability ; and ( ii ) between the notion of plural ( ‘ liberal ’ ) culture and the actual profit-governed market selection of what can be readily distributed or even , in some areas , offered at all .
yet this relation , marked by many forms of co-operation , interaction and two-way movement between the ‘ market ’ and ‘ subsidized ’ areas , is nevertheless always precarious , for there can be little real doubt that it is the dominant area , the market , which either determines , or emphasizes and de-emphasizes , prevailing types of production , and there are then the familiar asymmetries : ( i ) between the notion of a necessary ‘ high culture ’ — and the pressures of the market on its continued viability ; and ( ii ) between the notion of plural ( ‘ liberal ’ ) culture and the actual profit-governed market [choice] of what can be readily distributed or even , in some areas , offered at all .

There is plenty of evidence of selection and dilution , and indeed struggles over certain socially sensitive passages from speech to print have continued into our own time .
there is plenty of evidence of [choice] and dilution , and indeed struggles over certain socially sensitive passages from speech to print have continued into our own time .

He was interested passionately in housing , rating , local government , drainage schemes , the selection of building experts and a multitude of other matters of profound importance to our society but unlikely to evoke great curiosity from lesser minds .
he was interested passionately in housing , rating , local government , drainage schemes , the [choice] of building experts and a multitude of other matters of profound importance to our society but unlikely to evoke great curiosity from lesser minds .

So far natural selection had kept the group small enough to be manageable ; usually it was filled from among those who came to her monthly entertainments .
so far natural [choice] had kept the group small enough to be manageable ; usually it was filled from among those who came to her monthly entertainments .

At that moment the Hungarian band launched into a selection from Dorothy .
at that moment the hungarian band launched into a [choice] from dorothy .

Think about it , Berndt : who makes the final selection for management ?
think about it , berndt : who makes the final [choice] for management ?

Isabel Emmett has referred to the formal and informal mechanisms of selection as the ‘ social filter in the leisure field ’ , allowing different groups access to different facilities , more or less easily .
isabel emmett has referred to the formal and informal mechanisms of [choice] as the ‘ social filter in the leisure field ’ , allowing different groups access to different facilities , more or less easily .

This is why the selection of ‘ professional ’ and ‘ client ’ can never be dismissed by disabled people as irrelevant or innocuous .
this is why the [choice] of ‘ professional ’ and ‘ client ’ can never be dismissed by disabled people as irrelevant or innocuous .

Thus , Chapters 2–8 will , among other things , describe and evaluate the controls on goal selection , the controls relating to the efficiency with which permitted goals are pursued , and the controls designed to prevent the diversion of corporate assets to management .
thus , chapters 2–8 will , among other things , describe and evaluate the controls on goal [choice] , the controls relating to the efficiency with which permitted goals are pursued , and the controls designed to prevent the diversion of corporate assets to management .

This view was no doubt reinforced in the past by the fact that those who became directors were frequently individuals of limited capabilities , good breeding often being a more important ground for selection than business acumen .
this view was no doubt reinforced in the past by the fact that those who became directors were frequently individuals of limited capabilities , good breeding often being a more important ground for [choice] than business acumen .

The analysis is , of course , relevant not only to issues of managerial efficiency as defined in this chapter , but also to the selection of management goals , the subject of Chapters 2 and 3 .
the analysis is , of course , relevant not only to issues of managerial efficiency as defined in this chapter , but also to the [choice] of management goals , the subject of chapters 2 and 3 .

However , the number of long synonym chains is less after division by a prime than by this digit selection .
however , the number of long synonym chains is less after division by a prime than by this digit [choice] .

This can be achieved by the selection of a suitable bucket size , packing density , randomizing algorithm and record-loading technique .
this can be achieved by the [choice] of a suitable bucket size , packing density , randomizing algorithm and record-loading technique .

In the corner of the room the dumb waiter contains a selection of logs of various sizes , most of them still damp .
in the corner of the room the dumb waiter contains a [choice] of logs of various sizes , most of them still damp .

She became the elfin presence , the luck charm , the sweet pet of the forest : and when she was sixteen , she met William , four years her senior , a carpenter just out of his apprenticeship in Lorton — the next village on from Buttermere — who came every week to make the first selection of wood from her father 's stock .
she became the elfin presence , the luck charm , the sweet pet of the forest : and when she was sixteen , she met william , four years her senior , a carpenter just out of his apprenticeship in lorton — the next village on from buttermere — who came every week to make the first [choice] of wood from her father 's stock .

Works entitled Constitutional Law cover a selection of laws that appear important to the author , together with important conventions and often a reduced version of the topics treated by institutionally oriented political scientists .
works entitled constitutional law cover a [choice] of laws that appear important to the author , together with important conventions and often a reduced version of the topics treated by institutionally oriented political scientists .

Not only does he or she have the authority to appoint and dismiss or advance or relegate ministers , but there is also access to the patronage system for honours , awards and selection of candidates for high public office .
not only does he or she have the authority to appoint and dismiss or advance or relegate ministers , but there is also access to the patronage system for honours , awards and [choice] of candidates for high public office .

Much emphasis is laid by very many churches on high musical standards in selection and presentation .
much emphasis is laid by very many churches on high musical standards in [choice] and presentation .

More people are involved in its selection and performance , even if levels of skill , experience and interest vary widely .
more people are involved in its [choice] and performance , even if levels of skill , experience and interest vary widely .

These instruments offer a wide range and large numbers of stops , and some provide an extra selection by means of computer cards which are fed into a slot .
these instruments offer a wide range and large numbers of stops , and some provide an extra [choice] by means of computer cards which are fed into a slot .

The selection of hymns is the most important choice that has to be made by those responsible for worship .
the [choice] of hymns is the most important choice that has to be made by those responsible for worship .

Training for the selection and use of music in a contemporary style is offered by an increasing number of workshops initiated by people such as Chris Bowater , Dave Fellingham , Andrew Maries , Christopher Norton and David Peacock .
training for the [choice] and use of music in a contemporary style is offered by an increasing number of workshops initiated by people such as chris bowater , dave fellingham , andrew maries , christopher norton and david peacock .

That parishes enable musicians who are unfamiliar with the selection and use of music in contemporary styles to take advantage of any appropriate workshops ( 629–631 ) .
that parishes enable musicians who are unfamiliar with the [choice] and use of music in contemporary styles to take advantage of any appropriate workshops ( 629–631 ) .

It suggests not only that prevailing approaches to the subject involve the selection and presentation of knowledge which legitimates the status quo and the omission of that which might challenge it , but also that the very organisation of the curriculum into discrete units militates against the asking of the sorts of questions that might indicate that the world could be different .
it suggests not only that prevailing approaches to the subject involve the [choice] and presentation of knowledge which legitimates the status quo and the omission of that which might challenge it , but also that the very organisation of the curriculum into discrete units militates against the asking of the sorts of questions that might indicate that the world could be different .

And one must not forget that many of these functions can become dysfunctions , and assume a negative or pathological form : faulty selection , awkward induction , rigid structure , poor teaching , inadequate materials , invalid assessment , and so on .
and one must not forget that many of these functions can become dysfunctions , and assume a negative or pathological form : faulty [choice] , awkward induction , rigid structure , poor teaching , inadequate materials , invalid assessment , and so on .

In terms of the social system , for example , one might look at first degree courses in terms of social selection and access — one of the functions identified in Figure 1.1 .
in terms of the social system , for example , one might look at first degree courses in terms of social [choice] and access — one of the functions identified in figure 1.1 .

However , in general the literature on the sociology of the undergraduate curriculum is limited , and there remains much scope for further work on it in this country in terms of social selection , status and socialization .
however , in general the literature on the sociology of the undergraduate curriculum is limited , and there remains much scope for further work on it in this country in terms of social [choice] , status and socialization .

In addition to these changes in the labour market , and the possibilities of substitution within it , the curriculum-employment nexus is complicated by a third set of factors related to the selection of graduates .
in addition to these changes in the labour market , and the possibilities of substitution within it , the curriculum-employment nexus is complicated by a third set of factors related to the [choice] of graduates .

Here , the recent literature suggests that four main things may affect the initial selection of graduates .
here , the recent literature suggests that four main things may affect the initial [choice] of graduates .

These three sets of variables — to do with the labour market , substitution within it , and graduate selection — make the whole curriculum-employment relationship an extremely complex one , and make the interpretation of graduate employment statistics a hazardous business .
these three sets of variables — to do with the labour market , substitution within it , and graduate [choice] — make the whole curriculum-employment relationship an extremely complex one , and make the interpretation of graduate employment statistics a hazardous business .

For methodological reasons , it is important to distinguish between this and the socially based interpretation of the results , because if the social factors involved are seen as the motivating principle for the selection and analysis of linguistic variables , the investigators may be accused of biased selectivity and circularity .
for methodological reasons , it is important to distinguish between this and the socially based interpretation of the results , because if the social factors involved are seen as the motivating principle for the [choice] and analysis of linguistic variables , the investigators may be accused of biased selectivity and circularity .

If this had been so , however , it would have been a weakness : the strength of our arguments on social network ( and other social aspects of the research ) depends precisely on the fact that these socially-based criteria are not the motivating factors for our selection of linguistic variables .
if this had been so , however , it would have been a weakness : the strength of our arguments on social network ( and other social aspects of the research ) depends precisely on the fact that these socially-based criteria are not the motivating factors for our [choice] of linguistic variables .

They argue that appropriate management strategies , or ‘ people policies ’ , include job enrichment , multi-skilling , teamwork , ‘ pay for knowledge ’ systems , reconsideration of the levels at which management decisions are taken , close attention to employee selection and training procedures , and to management development programmes .
they argue that appropriate management strategies , or ‘ people policies ’ , include job enrichment , multi-skilling , teamwork , ‘ pay for knowledge ’ systems , reconsideration of the levels at which management decisions are taken , close attention to employee [choice] and training procedures , and to management development programmes .

peer selection , peer review ;
peer [choice] , peer review ;

Great care would be taken with the selection of personnel in order to ensure homogeneity in the organization 's reproduction .
great care would be taken with the [choice] of personnel in order to ensure homogeneity in the organization 's reproduction .

There was no colour bar , because normal rules are applied for the selection of recruits and it just happens that black and Asian people fall the tests .
there was no colour bar , because normal rules are applied for the [choice] of recruits and it just happens that black and asian people fall the tests .

Since this includes all those forms which are conventially termed subjective , it is clear that the distinction between individual and society is only one or the selection or an analytical level , since the two are inseparable .
since this includes all those forms which are conventially termed subjective , it is clear that the distinction between individual and society is only one or the [choice] or an analytical level , since the two are inseparable .

The selection of these particular texts is on the grounds that they succeed in overcoming a dualistic representation of the relationship between the human subject and culture by avoiding reductionism ( either to the external world , as in behaviourism , or to the given subject , as in essentialism ) .
the [choice] of these particular texts is on the grounds that they succeed in overcoming a dualistic representation of the relationship between the human subject and culture by avoiding reductionism ( either to the external world , as in behaviourism , or to the given subject , as in essentialism ) .

On further investigation of many of the objects themselves , it becomes clear that they not only represent the selection of non-European artefacts by Europeans , but may also themselves be manufactured as objectifications of the relationship between different societies .
on further investigation of many of the objects themselves , it becomes clear that they not only represent the [choice] of non-european artefacts by europeans , but may also themselves be manufactured as objectifications of the relationship between different societies .

The limitations of this study as an approach to consumption in general derive not only from a rather unbalanced subjectivism in the authors ' theoretical models , but also from the particular selection of objects of concern .
the limitations of this study as an approach to consumption in general derive not only from a rather unbalanced subjectivism in the authors ' theoretical models , but also from the particular [choice] of objects of concern .

Not surprisingly , the pattern of reasons given for such a selection tends to be highly personal and particular , with emphasis being placed mainly on the objectification of personal relations , for example , with deceased friends and relatives .
not surprisingly , the pattern of reasons given for such a [choice] tends to be highly personal and particular , with emphasis being placed mainly on the objectification of personal relations , for example , with deceased friends and relatives .

These include forms or production and commerce and the demands of profit , the interests of and constraints on manufacture , design , marketing and advertising , whose role it is to create the images of industrial goods in relation to specified target populations , and the interests of and constraints on the consumer population , who use and in their turn manipulate the meaning of these forms through differential selection , placement , use and association .
these include forms or production and commerce and the demands of profit , the interests of and constraints on manufacture , design , marketing and advertising , whose role it is to create the images of industrial goods in relation to specified target populations , and the interests of and constraints on the consumer population , who use and in their turn manipulate the meaning of these forms through differential [choice] , placement , use and association .

In families where spouse selection is parentally determined , the first sub-type — the exogamous community family — covers 41 per cent of the world 's population .
in families where spouse [choice] is parentally determined , the first sub-type — the exogamous community family — covers 41 per cent of the world 's population .

They were very concerned to encourage religious observance among their employees , for example , and not only provided the churches and chapels but also influenced the selection of the clergy : they ‘ insisted that they [ the clergy ] were solely concerned with the spiritual guidance of the miners , [ but ] their concern with religion fits in with their policy of making every aspect of life in the colliery villages a matter for their scrutiny ’ ( Waller , 1983 , p. 91 ) .
they were very concerned to encourage religious observance among their employees , for example , and not only provided the churches and chapels but also influenced the [choice] of the clergy : they ‘ insisted that they [ the clergy ] were solely concerned with the spiritual guidance of the miners , [ but ] their concern with religion fits in with their policy of making every aspect of life in the colliery villages a matter for their scrutiny ’ ( waller , 1983 , p. 91 ) .

3.2 Selection and modulation of senses
3.2 [choice] and modulation of senses

It will be argued that one of these types of variation involves the selection , by the context , of different units of sense , while the other type is a matter of contextual modification of a single sense .
it will be argued that one of these types of variation involves the [choice] , by the context , of different units of sense , while the other type is a matter of contextual modification of a single sense .

This will be termed contextual selection ( of senses ) ; in the nature of things , this sort of variation proceeds in discrete jumps rather than continuously .
this will be termed contextual [choice] ( of senses ) ; in the nature of things , this sort of variation proceeds in discrete jumps rather than continuously .

The two types of variability are normally operative together ; that is , a selected sense is also subject to modulation by the context which forced its selection .
the two types of variability are normally operative together ; that is , a selected sense is also subject to modulation by the context which forced its [choice] .

The process of sense selection is , of course , extremely complex , with many interacting factors .
the process of sense [choice] is , of course , extremely complex , with many interacting factors .

Broadly speaking , we can identify two types of normality — sentence-internal normality and contextual normality ( it is probably the case that the latter is the stronger determinant of sense selection ) .
broadly speaking , we can identify two types of normality — sentence-internal normality and contextual normality ( it is probably the case that the latter is the stronger determinant of sense [choice] ) .

There is only one selection of senses here which yields a normal sentence ( i.e .
there is only one [choice] of senses here which yields a normal sentence ( i.e .

This reading can not be explained by contextual modulation , so it must be the result of selection from a set of discrete possibilities .
this reading can not be explained by contextual modulation , so it must be the result of [choice] from a set of discrete possibilities .

Some understanding of the way the semantic effects of selection may be independent of , and indeed may transcend , those properties of the context which are responsible for the selection can be gleaned from the following analogy .
some understanding of the way the semantic effects of [choice] may be independent of , and indeed may transcend , those properties of the context which are responsible for the [choice] can be gleaned from the following analogy .

In this section the operation of ambiguity tests will be illustrated by applying them to a selection of difficult cases .
in this section the operation of ambiguity tests will be illustrated by applying them to a [choice] of difficult cases .

It seems appropriate to distinguish two kinds of contextual selection , according to whether the selected sense is established or not .
it seems appropriate to distinguish two kinds of contextual [choice] , according to whether the selected sense is established or not .

In the former case , where selection is from among pre-established senses , the context acts merely as a kind of filter : we shall refer to this as passive selection .
in the former case , where [choice] is from among pre-established senses , the context acts merely as a kind of filter : we shall refer to this as passive [choice] .

The latter type of selection will be called productive .
the latter type of [choice] will be called productive .

The difference between the two types of selection may be assumed to be of psycholinguistic importance .
the difference between the two types of [choice] may be assumed to be of psycholinguistic importance .

( For instance , in a steep bank there is mutual selection of senses . )
( for instance , in a steep bank there is mutual [choice] of senses . )

Bridges ( 1979 ) certainly does n't think so because he sees the curriculum as a selection from culture requiring value judgements over which teachers have no monopoly of wisdom .
bridges ( 1979 ) certainly does n't think so because he sees the curriculum as a [choice] from culture requiring value judgements over which teachers have no monopoly of wisdom .

Selection and allocation procedures
[choice] and allocation procedures

Schools are pre-eminently institutional sites for selection and deselect ion , for the allocation of students to different levels in status hierarchies of subjects in the curriculum and public examinations .
schools are pre-eminently institutional sites for [choice] and deselect ion , for the allocation of students to different levels in status hierarchies of subjects in the curriculum and public examinations .

Explicit use of temporary working as a means of facilitating selection was , however , rare .
explicit use of temporary working as a means of facilitating [choice] was , however , rare .

This type of function can be applied to a wide range of activities , from the selection of standard or stocked components , through to performing fatigue/life calculations .
this type of function can be applied to a wide range of activities , from the [choice] of standard or stocked components , through to performing fatigue/life calculations .

The chosen design of an individual gear is seen to be successful only if it not only meshes with the next gear in the train but also contributes to the selection of the desired gearbox ratios .
the chosen design of an individual gear is seen to be successful only if it not only meshes with the next gear in the train but also contributes to the [choice] of the desired gearbox ratios .

By careful selection of the spaces the number of entities can be reduced from literally thousands to just the important few ( see Figure 3.7 ) .
by careful [choice] of the spaces the number of entities can be reduced from literally thousands to just the important few ( see figure 3.7 ) .

No common standards for design can exist , with the result that the learning and selection process is repeated many times with differing levels of success and understanding .
no common standards for design can exist , with the result that the learning and [choice] process is repeated many times with differing levels of success and understanding .

He sailed with the Bugis tribe to the haunts of the Greater Bird of Paradise , and one night , delirious with fever beneath the volcanoes of Ternate , he had a sudden vision of the entire dynamic of natural selection .
he sailed with the bugis tribe to the haunts of the greater bird of paradise , and one night , delirious with fever beneath the volcanoes of ternate , he had a sudden vision of the entire dynamic of natural [choice] .

What is seldom revealed in the history books , though perfectly easy to verify , is that Darwin 's contribution was less a paper than a rambling series of notes which contained nothing novel , whereas Wallace 's `` Ternate `` paper was the first complete exposition in writing of `` Descent and Divergence with modification through variation and Natural Selection `` — which is the very kernel of what has become known as the `` Darwinian `` theory of evolution .
what is seldom revealed in the history books , though perfectly easy to verify , is that darwin 's contribution was less a paper than a rambling series of notes which contained nothing novel , whereas wallace 's `` ternate `` paper was the first complete exposition in writing of `` descent and divergence with modification through variation and natural [choice] `` — which is the very kernel of what has become known as the `` darwinian `` theory of evolution .

To him , the `` checks and balances `` of Natural Selection were only some of the forces operating in what he saw as the evolution of spirit or mind through matter .
to him , the `` checks and balances `` of natural [choice] were only some of the forces operating in what he saw as the evolution of spirit or mind through matter .

As an example , if we look at the nouns only , we have Thus , if you want to describe words which are absurd , with no meaning , unintelligible , new or used in a new sense , you have the choice of about 170 nouns — including `` jargon `` , the one you first thought of — available for your selection and use .
as an example , if we look at the nouns only , we have thus , if you want to describe words which are absurd , with no meaning , unintelligible , new or used in a new sense , you have the choice of about 170 nouns — including `` jargon `` , the one you first thought of — available for your [choice] and use .

Selection and rejection are guides to clearer writing .
[choice] and rejection are guides to clearer writing .

Typical standing orders for a student body deal with the order of business , the minutes , the selection of speakers , Chairman 's rules , speeches and interruptions , motions and amendments , withdrawals and additions , closing debates , adjournments , points of information and order , voting , notice of motions , rescinding a resolution , motions of confidence and what happens when these standing orders are suspended .
typical standing orders for a student body deal with the order of business , the minutes , the [choice] of speakers , chairman 's rules , speeches and interruptions , motions and amendments , withdrawals and additions , closing debates , adjournments , points of information and order , voting , notice of motions , rescinding a resolution , motions of confidence and what happens when these standing orders are suspended .

One would need to know things — technical things — about speech , about why and how rhythm worked , about selection of nouns and word order to explain how he could state with finality — so that the words for it were his words — simple truths .
one would need to know things — technical things — about speech , about why and how rhythm worked , about [choice] of nouns and word order to explain how he could state with finality — so that the words for it were his words — simple truths .

For the widest selection , it is better to apply to a specialist herb nursery , of which there are now a good many .
for the widest [choice] , it is better to apply to a specialist herb nursery , of which there are now a good many .

Marcie , Hécaen , Dubois and Angelergues ( 1965 ) noted impairment in some patients on tests of sentence production , vocabulary selection and syntactic transformation after right hemisphere lesions .
marcie , hécaen , dubois and angelergues ( 1965 ) noted impairment in some patients on tests of sentence production , vocabulary [choice] and syntactic transformation after right hemisphere lesions .

If you like cooking and have the time to experiment , there is a recipe section on pages 133–150 , which you might like to try , and in the reading list you will find a selection of recipe books that you might like to dip into .
if you like cooking and have the time to experiment , there is a recipe section on pages 133–150 , which you might like to try , and in the reading list you will find a [choice] of recipe books that you might like to dip into .

On page 151 , you will find a selection of packed lunches which we hope you will agree are relatively portable .
on page 151 , you will find a [choice] of packed lunches which we hope you will agree are relatively portable .

In other words you can stop and start while you are making a recording so that you make your selection on the spot .
in other words you can stop and start while you are making a recording so that you make your [choice] on the spot .

There is continuous on-the-spot selection of the output of one camera or the other .
there is continuous on-the-spot [choice] of the output of one camera or the other .

There is a large selection of animated cartoons produced for children .
there is a large [choice] of animated cartoons produced for children .

Of course there is implicit commentary in any selection of examples but case study material is intended to be seen as a working document which is left open to varied and flexible use in a teacher-training programme .
of course there is implicit commentary in any [choice] of examples but case study material is intended to be seen as a working document which is left open to varied and flexible use in a teacher-training programme .

You may be in an institution which has video-viewing facilities in the library and a selection of English language programmes for learners to borrow .
you may be in an institution which has video-viewing facilities in the library and a [choice] of english language programmes for learners to borrow .

Selection and Assumptions
[choice] and assumptions

They may be analysed using the same tools-looking for question parts ( main topic , instruction , key phrase/word ) , appreciating selection and implications .
they may be analysed using the same tools-looking for question parts ( main topic , instruction , key phrase/word ) , appreciating [choice] and implications .

( c ) the implication of selection or assessment .
( c ) the implication of [choice] or assessment .

Having agreed that some form of selection must take place , how do we go about selecting ?
having agreed that some form of [choice] must take place , how do we go about selecting ?

One thing you will have noticed if you were discussing the selection of the pieces of information on the Spanish Civil War is the need to justify your choices or decisions .
one thing you will have noticed if you were discussing the [choice] of the pieces of information on the spanish civil war is the need to justify your choices or decisions .

It requires an element of direct involvement because of the need for selection and weighing of evidence , but the whole product should be no more than the sum of the parts .
it requires an element of direct involvement because of the need for [choice] and weighing of evidence , but the whole product should be no more than the sum of the parts .

Above all , they lend themselves to a study of variation and the morphological response of a species to environmental selection processes .
above all , they lend themselves to a study of variation and the morphological response of a species to environmental [choice] processes .

Prey Selection
prey [choice]

It follows that the snails show a pattern of prey selection .
it follows that the snails show a pattern of prey [choice] .

Alternatively , we might expect the predation- pattern to show a form of apostatic selection ( Clarke , 1962 ) : the dog-whelks choosing the most frequently encountered of the potential prey species .
alternatively , we might expect the predation- pattern to show a form of apostatic [choice] ( clarke , 1962 ) : the dog-whelks choosing the most frequently encountered of the potential prey species .

Some animals , for example the mice studied by Greenwood et al. ( 1984 ) , have been shown to exhibit anti-apostatic selection ; choosing the rarer food items in preference to the commoner .
some animals , for example the mice studied by greenwood et al. ( 1984 ) , have been shown to exhibit anti-apostatic [choice] ; choosing the rarer food items in preference to the commoner .

The whelks may show frequency independent selection , choosing their favourite food regardless of that species ' relative abundance .
the whelks may show frequency independent [choice] , choosing their favourite food regardless of that species ' relative abundance .

The process of natural selection , whereby the least fitted for survival in a particular habitat are least likely to do so , depends upon this fact .
the process of natural [choice] , whereby the least fitted for survival in a particular habitat are least likely to do so , depends upon this fact .

There is little evidence to support the suggestion that colour and banding in Nucella has arisen through selection for crypsis .
there is little evidence to support the suggestion that colour and banding in nucella has arisen through [choice] for crypsis .

without the genes for this shell-shape ; thus , regardless of the selection pressures , the `` normal `` exposed form can not occur .
without the genes for this shell-shape ; thus , regardless of the [choice] pressures , the `` normal `` exposed form can not occur .

The selection factors are presumably the same , crabs will always take wide-mouthed shells first and elongated shells must always be more vulnerable to wave action : selection produces different results because it is operating on genetically different populations .
the [choice] factors are presumably the same , crabs will always take wide-mouthed shells first and elongated shells must always be more vulnerable to wave action : [choice] produces different results because it is operating on genetically different populations .

If the table suggests that the predators are showing selection ( in other words the columns appear to be different ) , test the likelihood of this using an appropriate statistical test .
if the table suggests that the predators are showing [choice] ( in other words the columns appear to be different ) , test the likelihood of this using an appropriate statistical test .

These topics fall into three main groups : ( a ) recognising the pattern of variation and seeking to correlate its occurrence with some environmental factor ; ( b ) seeking to find some differences in ability or behaviour between morphologically-different animals ; ( c ) searching for evidence of selection .
these topics fall into three main groups : ( a ) recognising the pattern of variation and seeking to correlate its occurrence with some environmental factor ; ( b ) seeking to find some differences in ability or behaviour between morphologically-different animals ; ( c ) searching for evidence of [choice] .

9. is selection occurring now ?
9. is [choice] occurring now ?

This article has tried to give the reader an insight into starting with large cichlids regarding fish and their selection .
this article has tried to give the reader an insight into starting with large cichlids regarding fish and their [choice] .

Tips for fish selection
tips for fish [choice]

‘ Try a selection from the Desert Song , topped up with a few choruses of Cool clear Water , Midnight at the Oasis or Caravans which may convince your bird that it has come to wrong place .
‘ try a [choice] from the desert song , topped up with a few choruses of cool clear water , midnight at the oasis or caravans which may convince your bird that it has come to wrong place .

The average aquarium is often not large-enough to allow numbers of these territorial species to live in harmony and selection of fish requires care to avoid territorial squabbles .
the average aquarium is often not large-enough to allow numbers of these territorial species to live in harmony and [choice] of fish requires care to avoid territorial squabbles .

Although there has been a vast selection of beautiful waterlilies in cultivation for many years , some of the rarer varieties are slower in producing the development of ‘ eyes ’ on the rootstock that eventually provides the cuttings to propagate new plants , This is why the more desirable lilies are always more expensive .
although there has been a vast [choice] of beautiful waterlilies in cultivation for many years , some of the rarer varieties are slower in producing the development of ‘ eyes ’ on the rootstock that eventually provides the cuttings to propagate new plants , this is why the more desirable lilies are always more expensive .

On two floors , covering 24,000 square feet , shoppers will find a broad selection of big-name classic British labels like Dunhill and Chester Barrie as well as famous international designer names like Paul Smith , Jasper Conran , Ermenegildo Zegna and Louis Féraud .
on two floors , covering 24,000 square feet , shoppers will find a broad [choice] of big-name classic british labels like dunhill and chester barrie as well as famous international designer names like paul smith , jasper conran , ermenegildo zegna and louis féraud .

’ Photojournalism and the birth of photography are briefly touched on , Context and Ambiguity expanded on in some depth , ethics briefly considered and a fair selection of illustrations from the exhibition are included , including Robert Capa 's The Last Man to die , Leipzig , Germany and Chris Steele-Perkins Famine in Karamoja Province , Uganda , images that are almost commonplace today .
’ photojournalism and the birth of photography are briefly touched on , context and ambiguity expanded on in some depth , ethics briefly considered and a fair [choice] of illustrations from the exhibition are included , including robert capa 's the last man to die , leipzig , germany and chris steele-perkins famine in karamoja province , uganda , images that are almost commonplace today .

‘ ( 3 ) The duty imposed by subsection ( 2 ) above does not apply — ( a ) if compliance with the preference would prejudice the provision of efficient education or the efficient use of resources ; ( b ) if the preferred school is an aided or special agreement school and compliance with the preference would be incompatible with any arrangements between the governors and the local education authority made under subsection ( 6 ) below ; or ( c ) if the arrangements for admission to the preferred school are based wholly or partly on selection by reference to ability or aptitude and compliance with the preference would be incompatible with selection under the arrangements .
‘ ( 3 ) the duty imposed by subsection ( 2 ) above does not apply — ( a ) if compliance with the preference would prejudice the provision of efficient education or the efficient use of resources ; ( b ) if the preferred school is an aided or special agreement school and compliance with the preference would be incompatible with any arrangements between the governors and the local education authority made under subsection ( 6 ) below ; or ( c ) if the arrangements for admission to the preferred school are based wholly or partly on [choice] by reference to ability or aptitude and compliance with the preference would be incompatible with [choice] under the arrangements .

( 3 ) The duty imposed by subsection ( 2 ) above does not apply — ( a ) if compliance with the preference would prejudice the provision of efficient education or the efficient use of resources ; ( b ) if the preferred school is an aided or special agreement school and compliance with the preference would be incompatible with any arrangements between the governors and the local education authority in respect of the admission of pupils to the school [ made under subsection ( 6 ) below ] ; or ( c ) if the arrangements for admission to the preferred school are based wholly or partly on selection by reference to ability or aptitude and compliance with the preference would be incompatible with selection under the arrangements .
( 3 ) the duty imposed by subsection ( 2 ) above does not apply — ( a ) if compliance with the preference would prejudice the provision of efficient education or the efficient use of resources ; ( b ) if the preferred school is an aided or special agreement school and compliance with the preference would be incompatible with any arrangements between the governors and the local education authority in respect of the admission of pupils to the school [ made under subsection ( 6 ) below ] ; or ( c ) if the arrangements for admission to the preferred school are based wholly or partly on [choice] by reference to ability or aptitude and compliance with the preference would be incompatible with [choice] under the arrangements .

At first sight there is force in Mr. Howell 's point that it is odd that Parliament should by section 6 ( 3 ) ( b ) have limited the governors ' ability to apply selection criteria designed to preserve the character of the school in cases which do not fall within section 6 ( 3 ) ( a ) ( i.e .
at first sight there is force in mr. howell 's point that it is odd that parliament should by section 6 ( 3 ) ( b ) have limited the governors ' ability to apply [choice] criteria designed to preserve the character of the school in cases which do not fall within section 6 ( 3 ) ( a ) ( i.e .

It is on this apparent oddity that Mr. Howell founds an argument that the school can not rely on section 6 ( 3 ) ( a ) to disapply the duty if it has used criteria designed to preserve the ‘ character of the school ’ in making its selection .
it is on this apparent oddity that mr. howell founds an argument that the school can not rely on section 6 ( 3 ) ( a ) to disapply the duty if it has used criteria designed to preserve the ‘ character of the school ’ in making its [choice] .

Since whatever admissions criteria are adopted the selection of some only of the applicants will necessarily result in defeating the parental preference of those who are rejected , what reason is there for Parliament to object to any given set of criteria being adopted ?
since whatever admissions criteria are adopted the [choice] of some only of the applicants will necessarily result in defeating the parental preference of those who are rejected , what reason is there for parliament to object to any given set of criteria being adopted ?

During that period , any criteria for selection ( whether religious or otherwise ) would have had to be agreed with the local education authority if the case were to be brought within section 6 ( 3 ) ( b ) .
during that period , any criteria for [choice] ( whether religious or otherwise ) would have had to be agreed with the local education authority if the case were to be brought within section 6 ( 3 ) ( b ) .

In the second paragraph they expressly referred to the right of an over-subscribed school to adopt reasonable criteria for selection , the criteria had been published in this case , and that they were required to take such criteria into account .
in the second paragraph they expressly referred to the right of an over-subscribed school to adopt reasonable criteria for [choice] , the criteria had been published in this case , and that they were required to take such criteria into account .

In my judgment it was open to the committee to decide the appeal on the grounds that , there being over-subscription which would prejudice efficient education if all were admitted , to uphold the reasonable criteria for selection between all the applicants for a limited number of places is prima facie a fair and just way to determine the appeal .
in my judgment it was open to the committee to decide the appeal on the grounds that , there being over-subscription which would prejudice efficient education if all were admitted , to uphold the reasonable criteria for [choice] between all the applicants for a limited number of places is prima facie a fair and just way to determine the appeal .

If we try to imagine how a mind of superhuman power and reach , but normal so far as the logical processes of its thought are concerned , … would use the scientific method , the process would be as follows : First , all facts would be observed and recorded , without selection or a priori guess as to their relative importance .
if we try to imagine how a mind of superhuman power and reach , but normal so far as the logical processes of its thought are concerned , … would use the scientific method , the process would be as follows : first , all facts would be observed and recorded , without [choice] or a priori guess as to their relative importance .

In an age when a symphony orchestra can appear in uniforms designed to advertise tobacco industry sponsors , conflating music and cigarettes into a single narcotic ( Guardian , 26 March 1984 : 13 ) ; when in Japan the record companies and the large industrial corporations co-operate to produce ‘ image-songs ’ which both advertise the corporations and play an important role in the hit parade ; ’ when a small selection of endlessly per mutated pop songs provides the background for almost every social activity ; when rhythm tracks on disco records can be behaviouristic ally planned and electronically produced , for maximum precision and control : one can not , at this time , avoid the feeling that if Orwell 's ‘ 1984 ’ ever arrives , it might well consist of a continuous Eurovision Song Contest ; that the ideal of the music industry would be to turn everything into muzak ( Philip Tagg 's entertaining account of the way muzak is used to ‘ programme ’ a Swedish office worker 's day gives an idea of what this would be like ( Tags 1984 ) ) .
in an age when a symphony orchestra can appear in uniforms designed to advertise tobacco industry sponsors , conflating music and cigarettes into a single narcotic ( guardian , 26 march 1984 : 13 ) ; when in japan the record companies and the large industrial corporations co-operate to produce ‘ image-songs ’ which both advertise the corporations and play an important role in the hit parade ; ’ when a small [choice] of endlessly per mutated pop songs provides the background for almost every social activity ; when rhythm tracks on disco records can be behaviouristic ally planned and electronically produced , for maximum precision and control : one can not , at this time , avoid the feeling that if orwell 's ‘ 1984 ’ ever arrives , it might well consist of a continuous eurovision song contest ; that the ideal of the music industry would be to turn everything into muzak ( philip tagg 's entertaining account of the way muzak is used to ‘ programme ’ a swedish office worker 's day gives an idea of what this would be like ( tags 1984 ) ) .

But by pushing the argument into an abstract utopianism , Benjamin 's stress on concrete technique , on the needs of the specific moment and the free selection of materials and methods to meet those needs , has disappeared .
but by pushing the argument into an abstract utopianism , benjamin 's stress on concrete technique , on the needs of the specific moment and the free [choice] of materials and methods to meet those needs , has disappeared .

Also a rather ‘ contingent ’ factor gave Labour a political windfall : Macmillan 's controversial selection of Douglas-Home as his successor .
also a rather ‘ contingent ’ factor gave labour a political windfall : macmillan 's controversial [choice] of douglas-home as his successor .

This both demoralised the Tory ‘ progressives ’ such as Powell and McLeod ( who denounced this selection as a victory for the ‘ magic circle ’ of Tory politics ) and gave Wilson a golden opportunity to campaign against the Tories as an anachronistic party out of tune with the ‘ realities of modern Britain ' .
this both demoralised the tory ‘ progressives ’ such as powell and mcleod ( who denounced this [choice] as a victory for the ‘ magic circle ’ of tory politics ) and gave wilson a golden opportunity to campaign against the tories as an anachronistic party out of tune with the ‘ realities of modern britain ' .

This shift went well beyond the general decline of the traditional working class in the electorate ( discussed below ) and reflected the increasing selection of ‘ more educated candidates ’ with ‘ administrative aptitudes ’ under the conditions of electoral competition , and within the dominant technocratic conception of politics , which had held sway since the rise of ‘ Butskellism ’ in the mid '50s .
this shift went well beyond the general decline of the traditional working class in the electorate ( discussed below ) and reflected the increasing [choice] of ‘ more educated candidates ’ with ‘ administrative aptitudes ’ under the conditions of electoral competition , and within the dominant technocratic conception of politics , which had held sway since the rise of ‘ butskellism ’ in the mid '50s .

Evidence of the radical shifts which were beginning to disrupt the vertical stripe format of her paintings emerged in the selection of works Riley made in 1989 as part of the National Gallery 's series , The Artist 's Eye .
evidence of the radical shifts which were beginning to disrupt the vertical stripe format of her paintings emerged in the [choice] of works riley made in 1989 as part of the national gallery 's series , the artist 's eye .

The exhibition has brought together a well-chosen and representative selection of the art which Susan Beattie did so much to bring to critical attention with the publication of her book The New Sculpture in 1983 .
the exhibition has brought together a well-chosen and representative [choice] of the art which susan beattie did so much to bring to critical attention with the publication of her book the new sculpture in 1983 .

Though later liberals were to divide on the issues of the election or selection of local government officials ( with radicals in favour of popular election and conservatives for appointment of mayors and councils by the ministry ) , all liberals , in spite of lip-service to the ideal of the medieval municipality , accepted two propositions : that the Cortes , as ‘ sole representative of the sovereign nation ’ , must enforce a uniform and centralized system and that , within this system , the municipalities were ‘ subaltern corporations ’ .
though later liberals were to divide on the issues of the election or [choice] of local government officials ( with radicals in favour of popular election and conservatives for appointment of mayors and councils by the ministry ) , all liberals , in spite of lip-service to the ideal of the medieval municipality , accepted two propositions : that the cortes , as ‘ sole representative of the sovereign nation ’ , must enforce a uniform and centralized system and that , within this system , the municipalities were ‘ subaltern corporations ’ .

So she opened her handbag and produced for the man with the scarpered wife a selection , some faded a little and creased with age .
so she opened her handbag and produced for the man with the scarpered wife a [choice] , some faded a little and creased with age .

Nancy Leadbetter 's grandchildren and a generous selection of their best friends , teenage lovers and hangers-on arrived by taxi , bus and hitch-hike from the station in Siena to the grandeur of Villa Baderini , her house on the other side of Mondano .
nancy leadbetter 's grandchildren and a generous [choice] of their best friends , teenage lovers and hangers-on arrived by taxi , bus and hitch-hike from the station in siena to the grandeur of villa baderini , her house on the other side of mondano .

The selection of best-selling Hamnett designs from past seasons includes silk shirts , sweatpants and cotton drill trousers in beige , navy , ivory and white .
the [choice] of best-selling hamnett designs from past seasons includes silk shirts , sweatpants and cotton drill trousers in beige , navy , ivory and white .

composition , mode of selection and training and much else besides .
composition , mode of [choice] and training and much else besides .

Wide discretion on the part of sentencers is a hallmark of the system , and this extends both to the initial choice of sentencing aim which the sentencer thinks it appropriate to pursue in any given case , and to the selection of a particular measure from the extensive range that is available .
wide discretion on the part of sentencers is a hallmark of the system , and this extends both to the initial choice of sentencing aim which the sentencer thinks it appropriate to pursue in any given case , and to the [choice] of a particular measure from the extensive range that is available .

Ian Allan Travel offers a selection of six-night , three-night and two-night inclusive packages ; accommodation-only packages are also available .
ian allan travel offers a [choice] of six-night , three-night and two-night inclusive packages ; accommodation-only packages are also available .

Janet Hinde Travel offers a wide selection of packages .
janet hinde travel offers a wide [choice] of packages .

As far as rates are concerned , it has imposed ‘ rate caps ’ on a selection of local authorities , which prevent or put limits upon any rate increase .
as far as rates are concerned , it has imposed ‘ rate caps ’ on a [choice] of local authorities , which prevent or put limits upon any rate increase .

Jenkins similarly stresses the notion of interrelated decisions concerned with the selection of goals and the adoption of a course of action .
jenkins similarly stresses the notion of interrelated decisions concerned with the [choice] of goals and the adoption of a course of action .

Our analysis was based on internal comparisons , and selection bias would be introduced only if the relation of head circumference and ponderal index to death from cardiovascular disease differed in those who were or were not traced .
our analysis was based on internal comparisons , and [choice] bias would be introduced only if the relation of head circumference and ponderal index to death from cardiovascular disease differed in those who were or were not traced .

Hypokalaemia , as his selection of references shows , occurs after acute single overdosage of theophylline , but not during long term overdosage .
hypokalaemia , as his [choice] of references shows , occurs after acute single overdosage of theophylline , but not during long term overdosage .

Alternatively choose a quotation from the selection in the chapter entitled Quotations .
alternatively choose a quotation from the [choice] in the chapter entitled quotations .

This chapter includes a selection of quotations for the most common subjects you are likely to want to cover : love , marriage , weddings , family , work and hobbies and so on .
this chapter includes a [choice] of quotations for the most common subjects you are likely to want to cover : love , marriage , weddings , family , work and hobbies and so on .

This will be the last selection by Ms Eccleshare ( who is now The Bookseller 's children 's book correspondent ) and the last to be copublished by the Children 's Book Foundation and Andersen Press .
this will be the last [choice] by ms eccleshare ( who is now the bookseller 's children 's book correspondent ) and the last to be copublished by the children 's book foundation and andersen press .

The reason for the change is the huge increase in the output of children 's books — in 1970 just over 2,000 titles were published , last year just over 7,000 — and the organisers have now decided that a new method of selection should be put in place .
the reason for the change is the huge increase in the output of children 's books — in 1970 just over 2,000 titles were published , last year just over 7,000 — and the organisers have now decided that a new method of [choice] should be put in place .

In her last introduction to the selection , Ms Eccleshare warns that ‘ children 's reading is under siege .
in her last introduction to the [choice] , ms eccleshare warns that ‘ children 's reading is under siege .

The Village Brasserie , ( ) has ample free parking and a frequently changing French provincial/English menu selection .
the village brasserie , ( ) has ample free parking and a frequently changing french provincial/english menu [choice] .

The owner and his wife are chef/hostess , and menus from £12.50 for three courses include funghi Quo Vadis , diced garlic salami and mushrooms in a cream sauce , a selection of veal , beef , chicken and fish dishes , and lobster thermidor is available with advance notice .
the owner and his wife are chef/hostess , and menus from £12.50 for three courses include funghi quo vadis , diced garlic salami and mushrooms in a cream sauce , a [choice] of veal , beef , chicken and fish dishes , and lobster thermidor is available with advance notice .

Zorba 's also offers a vegetarian selection .
zorba 's also offers a vegetarian [choice] .

The menu includes traditional dishes of grilled sardines , Portuguese cod , grilled swordfish , seafood with piri piri sauce and a wide selection of plain grilled meats , burgers , mixed grills , and a vegetarian selection .
the menu includes traditional dishes of grilled sardines , portuguese cod , grilled swordfish , seafood with piri piri sauce and a wide [choice] of plain grilled meats , burgers , mixed grills , and a vegetarian [choice] .

It 's so much easier to manage complex data relationships with multiple windowed screens and point-and-shoot selection , for instance .
it 's so much easier to manage complex data relationships with multiple windowed screens and point-and-shoot [choice] , for instance .

There 's support for a mouse , of course , with lots of point-and-shoot selection — including a speedy keyboard-free way to move around between fields — and click-and-drag to resize column borders or whole windows .
there 's support for a mouse , of course , with lots of point-and-shoot [choice] — including a speedy keyboard-free way to move around between fields — and click-and-drag to resize column borders or whole windows .

This is dBase 's Query by Example ; you enter selection criteria into the same record layout used for data entry
this is dbase 's query by example ; you enter [choice] criteria into the same record layout used for data entry

There 's an equally wide selection of spreadsheet , database and word processing formats supported : 25 word processors ( including Word and WordPerfect ) , 13 spreadsheets ( including 1-2-3 and Excel ) and 13 databases ( dBase , Paradox and FoxBase are all there ) .
there 's an equally wide [choice] of spreadsheet , database and word processing formats supported : 25 word processors ( including word and wordperfect ) , 13 spreadsheets ( including 1-2-3 and excel ) and 13 databases ( dbase , paradox and foxbase are all there ) .

It 's got the best selection of any piece of software .
it 's got the best [choice] of any piece of software .

The answer to this lies in careful selection of paper .
the answer to this lies in careful [choice] of paper .

This month 's selection of the latest hardware and software includes a nifty encyclopedia , complete with sound effects ; Olivetti 's latest laser printer ; a calendar creator with plenty of pre-written info ; the latest version of Fingers for Windows , the typing tutor ; and an extremely wacky icon maker .
this month 's [choice] of the latest hardware and software includes a nifty encyclopedia , complete with sound effects ; olivetti 's latest laser printer ; a calendar creator with plenty of pre-written info ; the latest version of fingers for windows , the typing tutor ; and an extremely wacky icon maker .

Screen 1 Here 's a directory listing showing a typical selection of the files that make up an application
screen 1 here 's a directory listing showing a typical [choice] of the files that make up an application

There 's only one choice in this case , but other programs offer a bigger selection .
there 's only one choice in this case , but other programs offer a bigger [choice] .

It seems churlish to analyse whether such selection abnormalities were prompted by early-season strains .
it seems churlish to analyse whether such [choice] abnormalities were prompted by early-season strains .

Early-season selection was not easy .
early-season [choice] was not easy .

There were six candidates for the other three selection jobs .
there were six candidates for the other three [choice] jobs .

Firstly , everybody likely to be a member of a selection panel would have had to give consent — a formidable logistic problem .
firstly , everybody likely to be a member of a [choice] panel would have had to give consent — a formidable logistic problem .

Selection bias should also have been low because of the high rate of follow up .
[choice] bias should also have been low because of the high rate of follow up .

And there is a paper about life threatening events in infants and young children , whose discussion acknowledges the uncertainty that selection bias generates in the interpretation of the results .
and there is a paper about life threatening events in infants and young children , whose discussion acknowledges the uncertainty that [choice] bias generates in the interpretation of the results .

Comparison among studies is hampered by use of different definition criteria , selection criteria , or population base .
comparison among studies is hampered by use of different definition criteria , [choice] criteria , or population base .

Prospective information on cycle variability during treatment would have led to potential selection bias .
prospective information on cycle variability during treatment would have led to potential [choice] bias .

Since principal investigators may be assumed to influence the selection of coauthors , the popularity of the Vancouver convention raises a testable hypothesis — namely , that senior authors may favour six author articles over seven author articles .
since principal investigators may be assumed to influence the [choice] of coauthors , the popularity of the vancouver convention raises a testable hypothesis — namely , that senior authors may favour six author articles over seven author articles .

The possibility of increased virulence in these antibiotic resistant strains ( which may be related to the presence of plasmids encoding antibiotic resistance and virulence factors ) suggests that attempts to limit their selection by judicious use of narrow spectrum antibiotics should be considered at all times .
the possibility of increased virulence in these antibiotic resistant strains ( which may be related to the presence of plasmids encoding antibiotic resistance and virulence factors ) suggests that attempts to limit their [choice] by judicious use of narrow spectrum antibiotics should be considered at all times .

Lists of books can be tedious but such a selection from various subjects is necessary to provide a proper picture of this collection .
lists of books can be tedious but such a [choice] from various subjects is necessary to provide a proper picture of this collection .

There is not a great deal of poetry but a very varied selection .
there is not a great deal of poetry but a very varied [choice] .

Mr. Osborne stated that he and Mr. Stewart met as requested by the last meeting and made a selection of Thirty-six Books a list of which he had now pleasure of laying before the Meeting for their approval , but the Meeting found that they would need to curtail the list to Twentythree so as not to exceed the ammount of two pounds . ``
mr. osborne stated that he and mr. stewart met as requested by the last meeting and made a [choice] of thirty-six books a list of which he had now pleasure of laying before the meeting for their approval , but the meeting found that they would need to curtail the list to twentythree so as not to exceed the ammount of two pounds . ``

No provision could be made for the selection of books to be kept up to date and they are not much used now , but there is an excellent service of books from the Argyll and Bute District library for the residents and patients in the hospital .
no provision could be made for the [choice] of books to be kept up to date and they are not much used now , but there is an excellent service of books from the argyll and bute district library for the residents and patients in the hospital .

The strength of experimental studies is that randomisation removes selection bias .
the strength of experimental studies is that randomisation removes [choice] bias .

Improving selection and retention of medical staff to redress the expected deficit in manpower would be an alternative or additional approach .
improving [choice] and retention of medical staff to redress the expected deficit in manpower would be an alternative or additional approach .

The issue of dwindling medical manpower in the face of increasing demand needs a three pronged attack through selection procedures , training , and making the job rewarding and enjoyable enough for people to want to do it .
the issue of dwindling medical manpower in the face of increasing demand needs a three pronged attack through [choice] procedures , training , and making the job rewarding and enjoyable enough for people to want to do it .

But , if service development and service delivery are the broad ambitions for community mental handicap teams , the selection of operational priorities and the creation of operational procedures for supporting joint work has been more difficult .
but , if service development and service delivery are the broad ambitions for community mental handicap teams , the [choice] of operational priorities and the creation of operational procedures for supporting joint work has been more difficult .

Such a quest necessarily involved a process of selection and categorisation in which the constituent elements of the world were divided into the forces of Good and the forces of Evil ; those working with him , those working against him ; those working for one class , those working for another .
such a quest necessarily involved a process of [choice] and categorisation in which the constituent elements of the world were divided into the forces of good and the forces of evil ; those working with him , those working against him ; those working for one class , those working for another .

Todd 's contention is that the psychological tensions and traumas generated by the process of selection into winners and losers in `` brutally individualist , egoist , competitive and aggressive societies `` such as France , where the working class has assimilated the ambitious , success-seeking ideology of the petty bourgeoisie , are so intense that the creation of a communist party , a form of asylum and counter-culture , becomes imperative .
todd 's contention is that the psychological tensions and traumas generated by the process of [choice] into winners and losers in `` brutally individualist , egoist , competitive and aggressive societies `` such as france , where the working class has assimilated the ambitious , success-seeking ideology of the petty bourgeoisie , are so intense that the creation of a communist party , a form of asylum and counter-culture , becomes imperative .

The high proportion of adults with cystic fibrosis in non-manual occupations may reflect selection or response bias .
the high proportion of adults with cystic fibrosis in non-manual occupations may reflect [choice] or response bias .

Self selection bias — for example , because of better informed and motivated patients seeking advice from specialist clinics — can not be excluded from this study .
self [choice] bias — for example , because of better informed and motivated patients seeking advice from specialist clinics — can not be excluded from this study .

Recruiting the practices through a special interest group and through self selection is likely to have biased results .
recruiting the practices through a special interest group and through self [choice] is likely to have biased results .

In our study special attention was paid to the selection , training , and psychological support of the interviewers .
in our study special attention was paid to the [choice] , training , and psychological support of the interviewers .

It is obvious , too , that all three designers are exceptionally choosy in their selection and commissioning of both photographs and drawn illustrations , habitually going to extraordinary lengths to secure the right image .
it is obvious , too , that all three designers are exceptionally choosy in their [choice] and commissioning of both photographs and drawn illustrations , habitually going to extraordinary lengths to secure the right image .

Beyond the brief : All three are prepared , indeed eager , to go beyond what might be thought to be the narrow design brief and comment on the nature and selection of the material they are asked to make attractive and intelligible on the page .
beyond the brief : all three are prepared , indeed eager , to go beyond what might be thought to be the narrow design brief and comment on the nature and [choice] of the material they are asked to make attractive and intelligible on the page .

The problems of developing a capitation formula for fundholders raises , of course , all the problems discussed here with two further complications : the small numbers of practice populations and the potential selection of patients by practices ( cream skimming ) .
the problems of developing a capitation formula for fundholders raises , of course , all the problems discussed here with two further complications : the small numbers of practice populations and the potential [choice] of patients by practices ( cream skimming ) .

Studies of series of patients who have been operated on report survival not much worse than that expected for the age matched general population , but they ignore the possible effects of length-time bias and case selection for operation .
studies of series of patients who have been operated on report survival not much worse than that expected for the age matched general population , but they ignore the possible effects of length-time bias and case [choice] for operation .

This will usually have a selection of archaeological books , and will probably have details of archaeological societies in the locality , and any extra-mural courses that are available .
this will usually have a [choice] of archaeological books , and will probably have details of archaeological societies in the locality , and any extra-mural courses that are available .

There is a selection of books listed at the end of this book , but this is just the tip of the iceberg .
there is a [choice] of books listed at the end of this book , but this is just the tip of the iceberg .

This is a weak test because an invitation to interview is only the first stage of selection .
this is a weak test because an invitation to interview is only the first stage of [choice] .

The criteria for selection for reporting are that the case involves an issue of legal principle and contributes to the orderly development of the law .
the criteria for [choice] for reporting are that the case involves an issue of legal principle and contributes to the orderly development of the law .

This system of selection for elevation to the High Court bench and for promotion to the Court of Appeal and House of Lords results in the character of the judiciary seeming to be self-perpetuating .
this system of [choice] for elevation to the high court bench and for promotion to the court of appeal and house of lords results in the character of the judiciary seeming to be self-perpetuating .

But in the context of a consideration of judicial creativity , or perhaps lack of it , the selection of the judiciary and their ‘ politics ’ in the sense used by Professor Griffith seem to be marginal considerations .
but in the context of a consideration of judicial creativity , or perhaps lack of it , the [choice] of the judiciary and their ‘ politics ’ in the sense used by professor griffith seem to be marginal considerations .

The most important principle involved in this selection of Venneman 's discourse subjects must have to do with their relevance to the particular discourse fragment under consideration .
the most important principle involved in this [choice] of venneman 's discourse subjects must have to do with their relevance to the particular discourse fragment under consideration .

If ‘ mentioned-in-the-text ’ is taken as the basis for selection of discourse subjects , it should be noted that the analyst is , in fact , attempting to reconstitute the presupposition pool which the participants must have had prior to the discourse fragment being analysed .
if ‘ mentioned-in-the-text ’ is taken as the basis for [choice] of discourse subjects , it should be noted that the analyst is , in fact , attempting to reconstitute the presupposition pool which the participants must have had prior to the discourse fragment being analysed .

As it turned out the selection of Glaze ( who later played a comic Doctor in a Christmas pantomime for the children 's variety show Crackerjack ) proved inspired .
as it turned out the [choice] of glaze ( who later played a comic doctor in a christmas pantomime for the children 's variety show crackerjack ) proved inspired .

The effects may be visual or verbal , in sound or music ; they may be obtained by trick photography , by the use of Quantel computer trickery , or by clever selection of elements of sound or picture : Ariston 's use of a Nintendo-style soundtrack to achieve an ( allegedly ) hypnotic effect , a rash of commercials using operatic arias , the use of music by Hamlet cigars , Rutger Hauer in the Guinness campaign , the talking animals in the Electricity commercials .
the effects may be visual or verbal , in sound or music ; they may be obtained by trick photography , by the use of quantel computer trickery , or by clever [choice] of elements of sound or picture : ariston 's use of a nintendo-style soundtrack to achieve an ( allegedly ) hypnotic effect , a rash of commercials using operatic arias , the use of music by hamlet cigars , rutger hauer in the guinness campaign , the talking animals in the electricity commercials .

In a folder test , a selection of about half a dozen advertisements , including the ad to be tested , is put in a file folder .
in a folder test , a [choice] of about half a dozen advertisements , including the ad to be tested , is put in a file folder .

In addition , a selection of specific questions about one or more of the products may be asked .
in addition , a [choice] of specific questions about one or more of the products may be asked .

There are , basically , two philosophies about competitors ' media selection : to compete in the same media , because ‘ we must be seen to compete ’ or because it is the only really possible medium or ( even ) because ‘ they must know something ’ ; or to try to avoid the competition and to ‘ dominate ’ a reasonable alternative medium .
there are , basically , two philosophies about competitors ' media [choice] : to compete in the same media , because ‘ we must be seen to compete ’ or because it is the only really possible medium or ( even ) because ‘ they must know something ’ ; or to try to avoid the competition and to ‘ dominate ’ a reasonable alternative medium .

Emily led him to a cake shop and he viewed the selection in the window like a naughty schoolboy surveying a stack of girlie magazines in a newsagent 's .
emily led him to a cake shop and he viewed the [choice] in the window like a naughty schoolboy surveying a stack of girlie magazines in a newsagent 's .

Easter this year is accompanied not by fluffy bunnies but by a diverse selection of far from cuddly creatures .
easter this year is accompanied not by fluffy bunnies but by a diverse [choice] of far from cuddly creatures .

Not for the first time he thought how monotonous it was , this unerring selection of inappropriate objects of desire .
not for the first time he thought how monotonous it was , this unerring [choice] of inappropriate objects of desire .

This chapter presents a selection of learning algorithms which handle large sets of similar simple attributes . The ones presented are
this chapter presents a [choice] of learning algorithms which handle large sets of similar simple attributes . the ones presented are

The idea of genetic algorithms is to mimic natural Darwinian selection of genetic codes .
the idea of genetic algorithms is to mimic natural darwinian [choice] of genetic codes .

The variants can be tested by simulations in a large computer , and the codes of successive variants can be optimised by genetic recombination and selection .
the variants can be tested by simulations in a large computer , and the codes of successive variants can be optimised by genetic recombination and [choice] .

The selection of relatively successful codes is heuristic .
the [choice] of relatively successful codes is heuristic .

The selection of the lead cases was aimed to ensure that the great majority of the very important points of law which are at issue in all cases are authoritatively decided , and it is hoped that , as a result , clear guidance will be given to the large number of remaining cases which are stayed , leading to settlements ( or at least the elimination of some issues common to the lead cases ) and the avoidance of a multiplicity of litigation .
the [choice] of the lead cases was aimed to ensure that the great majority of the very important points of law which are at issue in all cases are authoritatively decided , and it is hoped that , as a result , clear guidance will be given to the large number of remaining cases which are stayed , leading to settlements ( or at least the elimination of some issues common to the lead cases ) and the avoidance of a multiplicity of litigation .

After the laying of a few ‘ experimental ’ courses with due consideration for commercial shipping , wind direction and a fleet of local Finn sailors competing for Olympic squad selection , racing , finally , got under way .
after the laying of a few ‘ experimental ’ courses with due consideration for commercial shipping , wind direction and a fleet of local finn sailors competing for olympic squad [choice] , racing , finally , got under way .

Contenders for the British Admiral 's Cup team will now be able to use the German 50ft regatta at Travemünde or the Two Ton Cup in Keil in place of the weekend in Hayling Bay , as the final trial for selection .
contenders for the british admiral 's cup team will now be able to use the german 50ft regatta at travemünde or the two ton cup in keil in place of the weekend in hayling bay , as the final trial for [choice] .

His voyage last summer was remarkable even by his own high standards , as he sailed to Iceland , Jan Mayen and Svalbard and Northern Norway , achieving his objectives despite an unusually high incidence of headwinds , between times climbing many mountains and entertaining new friends in distant ports ( the St Patrick invariably carries a well-played selection of traditional musical instruments ) .
his voyage last summer was remarkable even by his own high standards , as he sailed to iceland , jan mayen and svalbard and northern norway , achieving his objectives despite an unusually high incidence of headwinds , between times climbing many mountains and entertaining new friends in distant ports ( the st patrick invariably carries a well-played [choice] of traditional musical instruments ) .

Sun and wind are so free so it makes sense to use them where possible for power . We examine a selection of wind generators and solar panels for yachts
sun and wind are so free so it makes sense to use them where possible for power . we examine a [choice] of wind generators and solar panels for yachts

Even here there are few homely touches : a selection of books , some navigational , a few inspirational , and on the bulkhead a map projection of the world .
even here there are few homely touches : a [choice] of books , some navigational , a few inspirational , and on the bulkhead a map projection of the world .

His own particular selection for the job was the much slower ‘ Art Thou Weary , Art Thou Languid ’ !
his own particular [choice] for the job was the much slower ‘ art thou weary , art thou languid ’ !

She was celebrated in the media , was featured in a 1940s radio programme and built up an impressive list of clients Sacheverell Sitwell , the Marchioness of Bristol and the Countess of Rosebery plus a clutch of other aristocrats placed regular orders , and a certain Mrs Demarest of the Manor House , Harrold , Bedfordshire used to send twelve small cheeses in lieu of Christmas cards to a selection of her titled friends .
she was celebrated in the media , was featured in a 1940s radio programme and built up an impressive list of clients sacheverell sitwell , the marchioness of bristol and the countess of rosebery plus a clutch of other aristocrats placed regular orders , and a certain mrs demarest of the manor house , harrold , bedfordshire used to send twelve small cheeses in lieu of christmas cards to a [choice] of her titled friends .

Norman became joint Master of the Zetland and , in 1924 , took over the Westmeath Hounds in Eire Every winter season he and Olive would entrain for the Saundersons homeland , together with a selection of staff ( said to number over sixty at one stage ) and horses .
norman became joint master of the zetland and , in 1924 , took over the westmeath hounds in eire every winter season he and olive would entrain for the saundersons homeland , together with a [choice] of staff ( said to number over sixty at one stage ) and horses .

Deanne Petherbridge 's explosive imaginary architectonics emanate from this artist 's acute critical investigations into drawing as a genre and its media ; she brought her awareness of the new art history and gender studies to bear on a recent selection of works in pencil , charcoal , pen and ink , etc for a touring exhibition .
deanne petherbridge 's explosive imaginary architectonics emanate from this artist 's acute critical investigations into drawing as a genre and its media ; she brought her awareness of the new art history and gender studies to bear on a recent [choice] of works in pencil , charcoal , pen and ink , etc for a touring exhibition .

The remarkable quality of the New Hall collection , a voluntary assembly of donated works , and the likewise extraordinary disproportion of successful women artists in the final selection of the New Contemporaries this year seem to me to point to a crucial shift that is happening in symbolic utterance and representation : women 's bodies , women 's nature have long been ‘ good to think with ’ , their flesh has served artists as founts of meaning , allegorical and personal .
the remarkable quality of the new hall collection , a voluntary assembly of donated works , and the likewise extraordinary disproportion of successful women artists in the final [choice] of the new contemporaries this year seem to me to point to a crucial shift that is happening in symbolic utterance and representation : women 's bodies , women 's nature have long been ‘ good to think with ’ , their flesh has served artists as founts of meaning , allegorical and personal .

The organisers were disappointed with the total submission figures , however a number of males may have chosen not to submit : the proportion of males decreased and therefore another form of selection occurred even before the formal process .
the organisers were disappointed with the total submission figures , however a number of males may have chosen not to submit : the proportion of males decreased and therefore another form of [choice] occurred even before the formal process .

Darwin 's theory of evolution incorporates the principle of natural selection , which suggests that animals change according to their surroundings , developing adaptations — over several generations — which enhance their ability to survive in particular habitats .
darwin 's theory of evolution incorporates the principle of natural [choice] , which suggests that animals change according to their surroundings , developing adaptations — over several generations — which enhance their ability to survive in particular habitats .

The researchers were therefore able to show small changes attributable to natural selection in as short a time as two months , a truly remarkable discovery .
the researchers were therefore able to show small changes attributable to natural [choice] in as short a time as two months , a truly remarkable discovery .

My family will squeak with outrage when he turns a biologist 's eye on art and on drug abuse and suggests they are status indicators for age-old sexual selection .
my family will squeak with outrage when he turns a biologist 's eye on art and on drug abuse and suggests they are status indicators for age-old sexual [choice] .

We 've never been keen gardeners but last year we decided to make a special effort and bought a big selection of plants and seeds .
we 've never been keen gardeners but last year we decided to make a special effort and bought a big [choice] of plants and seeds .

Teatime is a bright , bold affair now , so here 's our selection of what 's worth buying .
teatime is a bright , bold affair now , so here 's our [choice] of what 's worth buying .

do let us know and we 'll publish a selection of your comments .
do let us know and we 'll publish a [choice] of your comments .

Serve with the herb sauce and a selection of hot , fresh vegetables .
serve with the herb sauce and a [choice] of hot , fresh vegetables .

Instead , you end up handing over the wonderful chunky sweater you bought only last week — and a selection of his favourite paperbacks .
instead , you end up handing over the wonderful chunky sweater you bought only last week — and a [choice] of his favourite paperbacks .

Selection stations either side of your track ( s ) .
[choice] stations either side of your track ( s ) .

We often began with antipasto : a selection of home-cured salumi .
we often began with antipasto : a [choice] of home-cured salumi .

The records in the Glass household were by-products of the same inverted selection process .
the records in the glass household were by-products of the same inverted [choice] process .

Pluralism can be defined as a system of interest representation in which the constituent units are organised into an unspecified number of multiple , voluntary , competitive , nonhierarchically ordered and self-determined ( as to type or scope of interest ) categories which are not specially licensed , recognised , subsidised , created or otherwise controlled in leadership selection or interest articulation by the state and which do not exercise a monopoly of representational activity within their respective categories .
pluralism can be defined as a system of interest representation in which the constituent units are organised into an unspecified number of multiple , voluntary , competitive , nonhierarchically ordered and self-determined ( as to type or scope of interest ) categories which are not specially licensed , recognised , subsidised , created or otherwise controlled in leadership [choice] or interest articulation by the state and which do not exercise a monopoly of representational activity within their respective categories .

Corporatism can be defined as a system of interest representation in which the constituent units are organised into a limited number of singular , compulsory , noncompetitive , hierarchically ordered and functionally differentiated categories , recognised or licensed ( if not created ) by the state and granted a deliberate representational monopoly within their respective categories in exchange for observing certain controls on their selection of leaders and articulation of demands and supports .
corporatism can be defined as a system of interest representation in which the constituent units are organised into a limited number of singular , compulsory , noncompetitive , hierarchically ordered and functionally differentiated categories , recognised or licensed ( if not created ) by the state and granted a deliberate representational monopoly within their respective categories in exchange for observing certain controls on their [choice] of leaders and articulation of demands and supports .

The objective is to achieve a selection of individuals from the total relevant population that is representative of it .
the objective is to achieve a [choice] of individuals from the total relevant population that is representative of it .

In such cases there is the greatest need for effective search , analysis , evaluation and selection by those people involved in the making of purchase decisions , particularly where the item to be purchased is complex .
in such cases there is the greatest need for effective search , analysis , evaluation and [choice] by those people involved in the making of purchase decisions , particularly where the item to be purchased is complex .

Mr. Robert Hughes : The issue of who receives assistance and who does not is extremely important . Will the Minister confirm that the Scottish Office , or somebody , will carry out an initial selection process if there is more than one employee-management buy-out effort and that there will be , in effect , a preferred bid for assistance ? If a bid falls flat quickly , will it be possible for the Secretary of State to switch the assistance to the other bid which was previously ruled out and to give those involved the chance further to develop their proposals ?
mr. robert hughes : the issue of who receives assistance and who does not is extremely important . will the minister confirm that the scottish office , or somebody , will carry out an initial [choice] process if there is more than one employee-management buy-out effort and that there will be , in effect , a preferred bid for assistance ? if a bid falls flat quickly , will it be possible for the secretary of state to switch the assistance to the other bid which was previously ruled out and to give those involved the chance further to develop their proposals ?

The Dutch Souterliedekens with tunes only were published at Antwerp in 1540 and in England during the same period Miles Coverdale brought out his Goostly psalmes and spirituall songes , also with tunes only ( c. 1543 ) , while Francis Seagar 's selection of 19 Certayne Psalmes ( London , 1553 ) are all accommodated to two four-part compositions .
the dutch souterliedekens with tunes only were published at antwerp in 1540 and in england during the same period miles coverdale brought out his goostly psalmes and spirituall songes , also with tunes only ( c. 1543 ) , while francis seagar 's [choice] of 19 certayne psalmes ( london , 1553 ) are all accommodated to two four-part compositions .

More effort is required , however , to begin to question the whole logic on which our selection of school knowledge is based .
more effort is required , however , to begin to question the whole logic on which our [choice] of school knowledge is based .

Consequently , it is recognized that what is offered can only be a highly personal and limited selection of developments in disciplines other than financial management , with a few isolated ideas on linkages between them .
consequently , it is recognized that what is offered can only be a highly personal and limited [choice] of developments in disciplines other than financial management , with a few isolated ideas on linkages between them .

For example , Starbuck ( 1982 ) states that rarely is there a neat sequence of events through from recognition of a problem to definition of the problem , generating possible actions , selection of the appropriate option and implementation .
for example , starbuck ( 1982 ) states that rarely is there a neat sequence of events through from recognition of a problem to definition of the problem , generating possible actions , [choice] of the appropriate option and implementation .

One day another unusual customer was spotted ; a man buying a selection of dresses .
one day another unusual customer was spotted ; a man buying a [choice] of dresses .

Every week somebody from Wales or London flew over to discuss aspects of design or production schedules with her as well as the regular , more formal selection meetings , held at least every two months .
every week somebody from wales or london flew over to discuss aspects of design or production schedules with her as well as the regular , more formal [choice] meetings , held at least every two months .

The selection of print and design according to the house was not the usual way round but it was much more luxurious and that way we produced results that were unique .
the [choice] of print and design according to the house was not the usual way round but it was much more luxurious and that way we produced results that were unique .

However much she might have set herself up to be hurt , she told herself defiantly , selecting white Bermudas and a cool Chinese-style silk blouse from her small selection of clothes , however much of a fool she might have made of herself , she would n't change a thing .
however much she might have set herself up to be hurt , she told herself defiantly , selecting white bermudas and a cool chinese-style silk blouse from her small [choice] of clothes , however much of a fool she might have made of herself , she would n't change a thing .

They cover virtually all the major subject areas and with such a wide selection available , relatively few new courses are likely to be added to the established pattern .
they cover virtually all the major subject areas and with such a wide [choice] available , relatively few new courses are likely to be added to the established pattern .

Ensure , too , that you always have a selection of spare needles ranging from fine to heavy ( 70–100 ) .
ensure , too , that you always have a [choice] of spare needles ranging from fine to heavy ( 70–100 ) .

Artificial selection means breeding only from a selected minority of the members of a population .
artificial [choice] means breeding only from a selected minority of the members of a population .

If artificial selection does change the average condition of the population , the trait under selection must have been heritable ; and the degree of response to artificial selection indicates the degree of heritability .
if artificial [choice] does change the average condition of the population , the trait under [choice] must have been heritable ; and the degree of response to artificial [choice] indicates the degree of heritability .

( b ) by artificial selection .
( b ) by artificial [choice] .

It tells how much of the variation among individuals in a population is due to variation in their genes ; which in turn tells us whether the population would respond to natural selection on the trait .
it tells how much of the variation among individuals in a population is due to variation in their genes ; which in turn tells us whether the population would respond to natural [choice] on the trait .

( For natural selection only works on heritable traits , as we have seen . )
( for natural [choice] only works on heritable traits , as we have seen . )

We shall consider two examples ; one in which the Mendelian principle appears to apply in simple form and another in which a genetic influence on behaviour has been demonstrated by artificial selection .
we shall consider two examples ; one in which the mendelian principle appears to apply in simple form and another in which a genetic influence on behaviour has been demonstrated by artificial [choice] .

Majerus , O'Donald , and Weir , for instance , were interested by the genetical control of mate selection in ladybirds .
majerus , o'donald , and weir , for instance , were interested by the genetical control of mate [choice] in ladybirds .

Artificial selection of mating preference in the ladybird Adalia bipunctata .
artificial [choice] of mating preference in the ladybird adalia bipunctata .

It could be due to natural selection over the generations ; or it could be learnt .
it could be due to natural [choice] over the generations ; or it could be learnt .

Darwinian , genetical evolution takes place because genes are passed on from one generation to the next , and if some genes build better bodies than others , they are favoured by natural selection , become commoner , and evolutionary change will take place .
darwinian , genetical evolution takes place because genes are passed on from one generation to the next , and if some genes build better bodies than others , they are favoured by natural [choice] , become commoner , and evolutionary change will take place .

This is the reason why many ethologists are hesitant to apply the insights of the theory of natural selection , which have been gained for the social behaviour of animals with only rudimentary cultures , to the behaviour of our own species .
this is the reason why many ethologists are hesitant to apply the insights of the theory of natural [choice] , which have been gained for the social behaviour of animals with only rudimentary cultures , to the behaviour of our own species .

Our culture may have rendered natural selection relatively irrelevant .
our culture may have rendered natural [choice] relatively irrelevant .

Artificial selection , for instance , has demonstrated a genetic influence on the mating preferences of ladybirds .
artificial [choice] , for instance , has demonstrated a genetic influence on the mating preferences of ladybirds .

The ‘ adaptive information ’ manifested in behaviour can , however , be described as inherited , because it is due to the action of natural selection over many generations .
the ‘ adaptive information ’ manifested in behaviour can , however , be described as inherited , because it is due to the action of natural [choice] over many generations .

The regulation of population density can only be a consequence of migration , not the reason why natural selection causes the habit to evolve .
the regulation of population density can only be a consequence of migration , not the reason why natural [choice] causes the habit to evolve .

Natural selection only favours habits that make organisms leave more offspring ; the advantage of a habit must therefore be in the short-term .
natural [choice] only favours habits that make organisms leave more offspring ; the advantage of a habit must therefore be in the short-term .

Natural selection takes no account of long-term considerations .
natural [choice] takes no account of long-term considerations .

Any property of an organism that reduces its chances of being taken by a predator will be favoured by natural selection , as it will increase the organism 's chance of survival .
any property of an organism that reduces its chances of being taken by a predator will be favoured by natural [choice] , as it will increase the organism 's chance of survival .

If the defence is to work , the predator must learn not to eat poisonous animals , because natural selection will not favour a trait , by which an animal , after it is dead , makes its attacker sick .
if the defence is to work , the predator must learn not to eat poisonous animals , because natural [choice] will not favour a trait , by which an animal , after it is dead , makes its attacker sick .

They are dead ; they have failed to reproduce ; natural selection has worked against them .
they are dead ; they have failed to reproduce ; natural [choice] has worked against them .

One would expect natural selection to have eliminated the characteristic .
one would expect natural [choice] to have eliminated the characteristic .

How could natural selection favour an increase in its frequency ?
how could natural [choice] favour an increase in its frequency ?

Male birds compete for territories and mates , and any change to a song that makes them more effective in competition will be favoured by natural selection .
male birds compete for territories and mates , and any change to a song that makes them more effective in competition will be favoured by natural [choice] .

Likewise , if a male bird sings to court a mate , natural selection will only adjust the song to increase its powers of courtship ; the unambiguous informing of the female will be only incidentally relevant .
likewise , if a male bird sings to court a mate , natural [choice] will only adjust the song to increase its powers of courtship ; the unambiguous informing of the female will be only incidentally relevant .

We might expect that aggressive fighting would be common in nature , because natural selection will favour the most successful animals in competition , and the strongest animals are probably the most successful in fights .
we might expect that aggressive fighting would be common in nature , because natural [choice] will favour the most successful animals in competition , and the strongest animals are probably the most successful in fights .

Darwin 's own account of the unrestrained ‘ law of battle ’ in animals readily fits in with the theory of natural selection ; therefore , as his account of the law of battle is now thought to be wrong , we are left with the problem of reconciling new observation and established theory .
darwin 's own account of the unrestrained ‘ law of battle ’ in animals readily fits in with the theory of natural [choice] ; therefore , as his account of the law of battle is now thought to be wrong , we are left with the problem of reconciling new observation and established theory .

We shall have to reconsider how Darwin 's theory should be applied to animal fighting , to see whether natural selection might in some circumstances favour animals that avoid aggressive conflict .
we shall have to reconsider how darwin 's theory should be applied to animal fighting , to see whether natural [choice] might in some circumstances favour animals that avoid aggressive conflict .

Natural selection would then favour the animals that fought dangerously , which would increase in numbers .
natural [choice] would then favour the animals that fought dangerously , which would increase in numbers .

In these terms , the original puzzle becomes that of why natural selection does not produce a population consisting entirely of hawks .
in these terms , the original puzzle becomes that of why natural [choice] does not produce a population consisting entirely of hawks .

Natural selection does favour those animals that are most successful in the competition for resources , but that does not mean it favours unrestrained aggression .
natural [choice] does favour those animals that are most successful in the competition for resources , but that does not mean it favours unrestrained aggression .

Natural selection must therefore be favouring the dominant animals .
natural [choice] must therefore be favouring the dominant animals .

Natural selection favours the habit in stickleback males because female sticklebacks will only mate with territorial males .
natural [choice] favours the habit in stickleback males because female sticklebacks will only mate with territorial males .

The situation can be modelled in an idealized game of ‘ hawks ’ and ‘ doves ’ , which illustrates exactly how natural selection can drive a population to an ‘ evolutionarily stable strategy ’ in which fighting is restrained .
the situation can be modelled in an idealized game of ‘ hawks ’ and ‘ doves ’ , which illustrates exactly how natural [choice] can drive a population to an ‘ evolutionarily stable strategy ’ in which fighting is restrained .

They must possess some hidden function to compensate their obvious disadvantages , because if they did not they would have been eliminated by negative selection .
they must possess some hidden function to compensate their obvious disadvantages , because if they did not they would have been eliminated by negative [choice] .

Darwin invented a special theory to solve the problem , his theory of sexual selection .
darwin invented a special theory to solve the problem , his theory of sexual [choice] .

Natural selection will act to prevent animals from mating with members of other species if the offspring so produced would be sterile .
natural [choice] will act to prevent animals from mating with members of other species if the offspring so produced would be sterile .

Natural selection will favour animals that produce normal healthy offspring by choosing to mate with members of their own species , rather than producing sterile hybrid offspring .
natural [choice] will favour animals that produce normal healthy offspring by choosing to mate with members of their own species , rather than producing sterile hybrid offspring .

8.2 Sexual selection
8.2 sexual [choice]

Darwin put forward his theory of sexual selection to explain the apparently detrimental sexual characters possessed by many species .
darwin put forward his theory of sexual [choice] to explain the apparently detrimental sexual characters possessed by many species .

Sexual selection only results in females being mainly fertilized by particular kinds of males .
sexual [choice] only results in females being mainly fertilized by particular kinds of males .

Natural selection will therefore favour adaptations in males that enable them to mate with more females ; but it will favour discrimination in females , if males vary in their quality as mates .
natural [choice] will therefore favour adaptations in males that enable them to mate with more females ; but it will favour discrimination in females , if males vary in their quality as mates .

Because the males ' reproductive success is probably limited by the number of females they can attract and defend from other males rather than their sperm supply , natural selection will favour any property in a male that enables him to mate with more females .
because the males ' reproductive success is probably limited by the number of females they can attract and defend from other males rather than their sperm supply , natural [choice] will favour any property in a male that enables him to mate with more females .

Male behaviour which does not attract females to mate is eliminated by natural selection .
male behaviour which does not attract females to mate is eliminated by natural [choice] .

Sexual selection is a widespread natural process , and the cause of most behavioural sexual differences .
sexual [choice] is a widespread natural process , and the cause of most behavioural sexual differences .

Sexual selection only operates because individuals of one sex contribute more to the production of offspring than the other .
sexual [choice] only operates because individuals of one sex contribute more to the production of offspring than the other .

If both sexes work to produce offspring , as in a species with biparental care , the selection for males to compete for matings is relaxed , and monogamy may result .
if both sexes work to produce offspring , as in a species with biparental care , the [choice] for males to compete for matings is relaxed , and monogamy may result .

If males do the majority of the productive work , as in jacanas , the whole pattern of sexual selection may be reversed .
if males do the majority of the productive work , as in jacanas , the whole pattern of sexual [choice] may be reversed .

Darwin proposed his theory of sexual selection to account for sex differences of structure and behaviour , according to which , in most species , males compete for , and females select , mates .
darwin proposed his theory of sexual [choice] to account for sex differences of structure and behaviour , according to which , in most species , males compete for , and females select , mates .

It consisted of a stage , a small open space which was referred to as the dance floor , and a bar selling a limited selection of alcoholic drinks in plastic beakers .
it consisted of a stage , a small open space which was referred to as the dance floor , and a bar selling a limited [choice] of alcoholic drinks in plastic beakers .

He outlined a process of sexual selection whereby males competed for females , who initially remained passive , but eventually exercised power of choice ; vigorous females preferring vigorous males .
he outlined a process of sexual [choice] whereby males competed for females , who initially remained passive , but eventually exercised power of choice ; vigorous females preferring vigorous males .

In the process of sexual selection , certain males were said to develop characteristics that gave them the edge over other males in the competition for females .
in the process of sexual [choice] , certain males were said to develop characteristics that gave them the edge over other males in the competition for females .

The two major causes of this were first , increasing doubts about the validity of Darwin 's ideas of natural and sexual selection ( Darwin had failed to produce a satisfactory theory of heredity ) , and second , new empirical research findings and observable changes in the position of women , particularly the increasing numbers of single women in the labour force .
the two major causes of this were first , increasing doubts about the validity of darwin 's ideas of natural and sexual [choice] ( darwin had failed to produce a satisfactory theory of heredity ) , and second , new empirical research findings and observable changes in the position of women , particularly the increasing numbers of single women in the labour force .

Apollinaire and Hourcade added that this conceptual or intellectual approach led naturally to a selection of simple geometric forms .
apollinaire and hourcade added that this conceptual or intellectual approach led naturally to a [choice] of simple geometric forms .

Anyone who has read a selection of cases concerned with jurisdiction will have come across the distinction drawn between want of jurisdiction and excess of jurisdiction .
anyone who has read a [choice] of cases concerned with jurisdiction will have come across the distinction drawn between want of jurisdiction and excess of jurisdiction .

Adair emphasises the importance of careful selection of team members .
adair emphasises the importance of careful [choice] of team members .

Random selection can be undertaken in several ways , but in this case the most likely methods will include the use of random number tables or computer-generated random numbers .
random [choice] can be undertaken in several ways , but in this case the most likely methods will include the use of random number tables or computer-generated random numbers .

Appraisal and selection of suppliers .
appraisal and [choice] of suppliers .

One of the factors which needs to be considered by the purchasing department in the appraisal and selection of suppliers is the reliability of deliveries .
one of the factors which needs to be considered by the purchasing department in the appraisal and [choice] of suppliers is the reliability of deliveries .

Then when Evans went in to a selection committee meeting , the reason for Connon 's presence that night , Dalziel had had a long talk with Gwen .
then when evans went in to a [choice] committee meeting , the reason for connon 's presence that night , dalziel had had a long talk with gwen .

From the kitchen Jenny 's portable radio began to play a selection of brass-band music .
from the kitchen jenny 's portable radio began to play a [choice] of brass-band music .

Even apparently descriptive language involves selection –f what are the significant features to describe , which will be affected by theory .
even apparently descriptive language involves [choice] –f what are the significant features to describe , which will be affected by theory .

They display a variety of structures , powers , modes of finance , methods of selection , degrees of discretion and types of staff .
they display a variety of structures , powers , modes of finance , methods of [choice] , degrees of discretion and types of staff .

Pareto calls up an inevitably partial selection of historical evidence to support the view that elites are always present in any social system .
pareto calls up an inevitably partial [choice] of historical evidence to support the view that elites are always present in any social system .

The most generally accepted mechanism of evolutionary change is the modern version of Darwinian natural selection , based on the simple propositions that ( a ) like begets like , though with minor , essentially chance , variations ; ( b ) all organisms are capable of producing more offspring than actually can survive to maturity and reproduce in their turn ; ( c ) those offspring that do survive to reproduce must in some way be variants that are better adapted to their environment than those that fail ; and ( d ) those favoured variants are likely to reproduce the favourable variation in their own offspring .
the most generally accepted mechanism of evolutionary change is the modern version of darwinian natural [choice] , based on the simple propositions that ( a ) like begets like , though with minor , essentially chance , variations ; ( b ) all organisms are capable of producing more offspring than actually can survive to maturity and reproduce in their turn ; ( c ) those offspring that do survive to reproduce must in some way be variants that are better adapted to their environment than those that fail ; and ( d ) those favoured variants are likely to reproduce the favourable variation in their own offspring .

The fact that future generations may find themselves living in a warmer planet can not be built into today 's selection processes .
the fact that future generations may find themselves living in a warmer planet can not be built into today 's [choice] processes .

Following intensive studies of sites in Victoria Land , East Antarctica , Janetschek ( 1967 ) gave a provisional list of at least 150 species of algae , over 32 species of lichens and 8–10 species of mosses — a representative selection from a high-latitude desert area .
following intensive studies of sites in victoria land , east antarctica , janetschek ( 1967 ) gave a provisional list of at least 150 species of algae , over 32 species of lichens and 8–10 species of mosses — a representative [choice] from a high-latitude desert area .

Natural selection for polar flora and fauna has never , therefore , been simply the selection of cold-hardy species for increasingly cold environments .
natural [choice] for polar flora and fauna has never , therefore , been simply the [choice] of cold-hardy species for increasingly cold environments .

Adaptation to thrive in seasonal environments , in which day-length , temperatures , water and food availability and other important factors fluctuate widely throughout an annual cycle , may be at least as critical as adaptation to cold , and more difficult for species to adjust to by natural selection .
adaptation to thrive in seasonal environments , in which day-length , temperatures , water and food availability and other important factors fluctuate widely throughout an annual cycle , may be at least as critical as adaptation to cold , and more difficult for species to adjust to by natural [choice] .

Instead an intelligence officer had ploughed through Mills ' personal effects and leafed through a random selection of files .
instead an intelligence officer had ploughed through mills ' personal effects and leafed through a random [choice] of files .

That being so , they should feature prominently both in the selection process for headship and in subsequent management support and training .
that being so , they should feature prominently both in the [choice] process for headship and in subsequent management support and training .

In any field of employment a successful application depends to some degree on the applicant 's being seen to say and do what is expected during the selection process , and to this extent conventional selection methods can always be faulted for the way they may presume that words uttered on a form or in an interview are reliable indicators of future performance .
in any field of employment a successful application depends to some degree on the applicant 's being seen to say and do what is expected during the [choice] process , and to this extent conventional [choice] methods can always be faulted for the way they may presume that words uttered on a form or in an interview are reliable indicators of future performance .

Judge and Matthews ( 1980 ) examined the history of charging in the personal social services , where many activities still carry a charge , and identified an even more varied selection of motives .
judge and matthews ( 1980 ) examined the history of charging in the personal social services , where many activities still carry a charge , and identified an even more varied [choice] of motives .

The resentment arose from the concentration of high-risk categories in particular occupations and the reluctance of insurance companies or societies to include them — a perfect example of cream skimming and adverse selection , discussed in Chapter 2 .
the resentment arose from the concentration of high-risk categories in particular occupations and the reluctance of insurance companies or societies to include them — a perfect example of cream skimming and adverse [choice] , discussed in chapter 2 .

The Yasa allowed for only a limited selection of penalties under the law .
the yasa allowed for only a limited [choice] of penalties under the law .

The same medical technology which improved life expectancy and permitted the surgical replacement of defective organs also obstructed the process of natural selection , so that heightened abilities and levels of perception were still uncommon among ordinary men .
the same medical technology which improved life expectancy and permitted the surgical replacement of defective organs also obstructed the process of natural [choice] , so that heightened abilities and levels of perception were still uncommon among ordinary men .

So long as Artai remained unmarried it was important to the self-esteem of each of them to demonstrate that while neither she nor her family had thus far been favoured with the Kha-Khan 's selection , yet she was capable of exercising influence .
so long as artai remained unmarried it was important to the self-esteem of each of them to demonstrate that while neither she nor her family had thus far been favoured with the kha-khan 's [choice] , yet she was capable of exercising influence .

This brings into play the logical faculties of discrimination and selection which assimilate perceptual stimuli to previously encountered images on the basis of structural analogy .
this brings into play the logical faculties of discrimination and [choice] which assimilate perceptual stimuli to previously encountered images on the basis of structural analogy .

Use the Charts to help narrow your selection of suitable lenders , which will save considerable time and money in the long run .
use the charts to help narrow your [choice] of suitable lenders , which will save considerable time and money in the long run .

Selection of shrubs and bushes .
[choice] of shrubs and bushes .

Of course , the final club selection is also based on the position of the flag on the green , and how much green you have to work with .
of course , the final club [choice] is also based on the position of the flag on the green , and how much green you have to work with .

‘ We lose so many girls to the professional ranks it means we are constantly having to start again as regards team selection , ’ continued Mrs. Boatman .
‘ we lose so many girls to the professional ranks it means we are constantly having to start again as regards team [choice] , ’ continued mrs. boatman .

Selection for the team events will be based on results in the ever growing events ' list .
[choice] for the team events will be based on results in the ever growing events ' list .

Gone are the days when professionals used only their eyes and judgment to decide on club selection .
gone are the days when professionals used only their eyes and judgment to decide on club [choice] .

Travel light with Sheila Sang 's selection of slings and changing bags
travel light with sheila sang 's [choice] of slings and changing bags

You 'll have a selection of photographs taken , either of the whole family or just mother and baby if preferred .
you 'll have a [choice] of photographs taken , either of the whole family or just mother and baby if preferred .

Expectant mums experience many physical and emotional changes before the birth . Here is a selection
expectant mums experience many physical and emotional changes before the birth . here is a [choice]

The children have their own menu to choose from — melon , spaghetti bolognese and pineapple glacé would be a typical selection .
the children have their own menu to choose from — melon , spaghetti bolognese and pineapple glacé would be a typical [choice] .

advice in the preparation of proposals and their progress through evaluation and selection .
advice in the preparation of proposals and their progress through evaluation and [choice] .

If you are arranging a cheeseboard , place some Farmhouse Lancashire alongside a traditional Stilton , a ripe Brie , a tangy goat 's cheese and a low fat cheese to a well-balanced selection to please most tastes .
if you are arranging a cheeseboard , place some farmhouse lancashire alongside a traditional stilton , a ripe brie , a tangy goat 's cheese and a low fat cheese to a well-balanced [choice] to please most tastes .

It is a good idea to grow a selection of 13–15cm/5–6in parsley pots for the kitchen to ensure a crop for the whole year round .
it is a good idea to grow a [choice] of 13–15cm/5–6in parsley pots for the kitchen to ensure a crop for the whole year round .

selection of vegetables , eg 1 aubergine , 2 green peppers , 1 red pepper , 4 tomatoes , 8 mushrooms , 2 courgettes 120ml/4fl oz vegetable oil
[choice] of vegetables , eg 1 aubergine , 2 green peppers , 1 red pepper , 4 tomatoes , 8 mushrooms , 2 courgettes 120ml/4fl oz vegetable oil

Schools participating in the scheme have a set quota of assisted places , and make their own selection of the pupils to be admitted .
schools participating in the scheme have a set quota of assisted places , and make their own [choice] of the pupils to be admitted .

Although the government has always maintained that HATs will be restricted to the worst estates , it is by no means clear what criteria have been applied in the selection of these nine .
although the government has always maintained that hats will be restricted to the worst estates , it is by no means clear what criteria have been applied in the [choice] of these nine .

Their main concern is to improve training and employment opportunities , especially for young people and particularly those belonging to ethnic minorities ; indeed , the size of the ethnic population is the main criterion for the selection of areas .
their main concern is to improve training and employment opportunities , especially for young people and particularly those belonging to ethnic minorities ; indeed , the size of the ethnic population is the main criterion for the [choice] of areas .

Among the issues examined were : the success of joint planning in involving a wide range of agencies and personnel ; the comprehensiveness and coherence of the joint arrangements and their effectiveness in securing particular outputs ; the efforts made to devise systematic procedures for the control , appraisal , selection and monitoring of joint finance schemes .
among the issues examined were : the success of joint planning in involving a wide range of agencies and personnel ; the comprehensiveness and coherence of the joint arrangements and their effectiveness in securing particular outputs ; the efforts made to devise systematic procedures for the control , appraisal , [choice] and monitoring of joint finance schemes .

Make sure your travel arrangements include Oggetti 's robust leather and canvas duffle bag , £65 , and pure wool rug/blanket , £185 . And for the beach , Descamps ' Regatta towel in Emerald , £36.90 ; NafNaf hooded teeshirt , from a selection available throughout Selfridges ' Children 's World promotion over the Easter holidays , 23 March to 13 April
make sure your travel arrangements include oggetti 's robust leather and canvas duffle bag , £65 , and pure wool rug/blanket , £185 . and for the beach , descamps ' regatta towel in emerald , £36.90 ; nafnaf hooded teeshirt , from a [choice] available throughout selfridges ' children 's world promotion over the easter holidays , 23 march to 13 april

Thai silk photo frames , from a wide selection available by mail order , prices start at £2.55 , p & p extra , Tandem Ellis
thai silk photo frames , from a wide [choice] available by mail order , prices start at £2.55 , p & p extra , tandem ellis

Chair , £209 ; boxes , from £28 ; basket , £37.95 ; candle sconce , from a selection .
chair , £209 ; boxes , from £28 ; basket , £37.95 ; candle sconce , from a [choice] .

Antique lace , from a selection Bed : French late 19th-century-style bed with padded headboard , about £1,650 , from a selection Lighting : French 19th-century hanging candelabra , about £195 ; wall candelabra , about £100 per pair .
antique lace , from a [choice] bed : french late 19th-century-style bed with padded headboard , about £1,650 , from a [choice] lighting : french 19th-century hanging candelabra , about £195 ; wall candelabra , about £100 per pair .

Centrally spaced and firmly screwed to the wall , adjustable spotlights can be angled outwards to provide efficient lighting for reading without disturbing your partner . Final wall lamps , £10.50 each , from a selection at Ikea
centrally spaced and firmly screwed to the wall , adjustable spotlights can be angled outwards to provide efficient lighting for reading without disturbing your partner . final wall lamps , £10.50 each , from a [choice] at ikea

We put a selection of the latest beauty and grooming products to the test
we put a [choice] of the latest beauty and grooming products to the test

Plus the best and most affordable selection of fake fur cushions in town — zebra , leopard , tiger among others .
plus the best and most affordable [choice] of fake fur cushions in town — zebra , leopard , tiger among others .

Thresher has a modest selection of Bordeaux including several branded wines : Calvet Reserve 1985 red is ripe , soft and likeable at £5.75 ; while Sirius 1986 red has a good defined flavour and a better price at £4.99 .
thresher has a modest [choice] of bordeaux including several branded wines : calvet reserve 1985 red is ripe , soft and likeable at £5.75 ; while sirius 1986 red has a good defined flavour and a better price at £4.99 .

Remember , your fishmonger will always clean and prepare your fish selection .
remember , your fishmonger will always clean and prepare your fish [choice] .

Complete your meal with a selection of local cheeses , fresh bread and , of course , iced drinks .
complete your meal with a [choice] of local cheeses , fresh bread and , of course , iced drinks .

The sport was still very much in its infancy and needed considerable administrative changes to help develop a well-structured training programme and selection process for serious competitors .
the sport was still very much in its infancy and needed considerable administrative changes to help develop a well-structured training programme and [choice] process for serious competitors .

Associates become full members by nomination and by presenting to the selection committee three original works for assessment after at least six months .
associates become full members by nomination and by presenting to the [choice] committee three original works for assessment after at least six months .

The Tate Gallery , in London , will show a selection of Piper 's best work from its own collection .
the tate gallery , in london , will show a [choice] of piper 's best work from its own collection .

Some companies provide a selection of their papers in ‘ pochettes ’ .
some companies provide a [choice] of their papers in ‘ pochettes ’ .

The selection of paper and board manufacturers/retailers has been pre-selected by the magazine .
the [choice] of paper and board manufacturers/retailers has been pre-selected by the magazine .

Please trust our selection ; it makes your overseas journey shorter , sweeter and more efficient .
please trust our [choice] ; it makes your overseas journey shorter , sweeter and more efficient .

Behind Hurd 's selection of a specific group of Arab states is the assumption that the Arab world as a whole can be ignored , since only part of it has any role to play in security in future .
behind hurd 's [choice] of a specific group of arab states is the assumption that the arab world as a whole can be ignored , since only part of it has any role to play in security in future .

The exhibits comprise a selection of telephone and telegraph equipment illustrating the history and evolution of telecommunications .
the exhibits comprise a [choice] of telephone and telegraph equipment illustrating the history and evolution of telecommunications .

Then George Potter retired in 1966 , leaving this nucleus of magnolias , we felt it was a good foundation to build on , although we were careful to make a selection rather than a collection .
then george potter retired in 1966 , leaving this nucleus of magnolias , we felt it was a good foundation to build on , although we were careful to make a [choice] rather than a collection .

This leaflet can only include a selection of the topics covered by the Environmental Charter .
this leaflet can only include a [choice] of the topics covered by the environmental charter .

Black wooden beads from a selection at Fenwick .
black wooden beads from a [choice] at fenwick .

Sandals from a selection by Emma Hope for Nicole Farhi .
sandals from a [choice] by emma hope for nicole farhi .

Pendant from a selection by John Bowman at Liberty .
pendant from a [choice] by john bowman at liberty .

Uvistat , Nivea , Soltan and Ambre Solaire all have a good selection of products which fit these criteria .
uvistat , nivea , soltan and ambre solaire all have a good [choice] of products which fit these criteria .

Scarf from a selection , American Classics .
scarf from a [choice] , american classics .

We began with a selection of starters , including delicious soft shell crabs , tiny spring rolls and some more anodyne prawns deep fried in rice paper , whose combined oiliness made us hanker after a wedge of westernised lemon .
we began with a [choice] of starters , including delicious soft shell crabs , tiny spring rolls and some more anodyne prawns deep fried in rice paper , whose combined oiliness made us hanker after a wedge of westernised lemon .

Rather , the authors have made a selection and described them fully in order to explain and illustrate several different military strategies .
rather , the authors have made a [choice] and described them fully in order to explain and illustrate several different military strategies .

In the preface , the editor of the catalogue makes it clear that only a representative selection of coins is listed .
in the preface , the editor of the catalogue makes it clear that only a representative [choice] of coins is listed .

Of course , an attractively arranged selection of sweets also makes a lovely Christmas gift .
of course , an attractively arranged [choice] of sweets also makes a lovely christmas gift .

This was a new series of lessons , rather grandly called Biology , in which he wandered happily around various special fascinations of his own and tried to tell the children something about natural selection and the origin of species .
this was a new series of lessons , rather grandly called biology , in which he wandered happily around various special fascinations of his own and tried to tell the children something about natural [choice] and the origin of species .

Giles made his selection .
giles made his [choice] .

Medical science mitigated suffering , but by preserving the diseased and degenerate it flew in the face of natural selection and the iron laws of heredity .
medical science mitigated suffering , but by preserving the diseased and degenerate it flew in the face of natural [choice] and the iron laws of heredity .

Although each version is intended to serve pedagogical needs , neither one provides a pedagogically-based rationale for the selection of themes that it proposes .
although each version is intended to serve pedagogical needs , neither one provides a pedagogically-based rationale for the [choice] of themes that it proposes .

recognise and identify a variety of language teaching methodologies implicit in textbooks and teaching materials , and make an informed selection from those available
recognise and identify a variety of language teaching methodologies implicit in textbooks and teaching materials , and make an informed [choice] from those available

This is not an area about which one can be dogmatic : it is simply a matter of opening up students ' minds to the need for some care in the matter of selection of learnable language .
this is not an area about which one can be dogmatic : it is simply a matter of opening up students ' minds to the need for some care in the matter of [choice] of learnable language .

The Tavistock research into Race Relations Policy in the Civil Service ( 1978 ) revealed significantly greater problems for fluent and well- qualified people from the ethnic minorities than for white people at selection and promotion interviews .
the tavistock research into race relations policy in the civil service ( 1978 ) revealed significantly greater problems for fluent and well- qualified people from the ethnic minorities than for white people at [choice] and promotion interviews .

9191 , 1918 ) reflected Unwin 's concepts of housing design , garden suburbs , site selection and survey : ‘ the fragmentary experimentation of Letchworth and Hampstead crystallized into statutory house types and area standards , and a density of twelve houses to the acre , paving the way for an unprecedented municipal intervention into the provision of housing ’ ( Miller , 1981 , p. 89 ) .
9191 , 1918 ) reflected unwin 's concepts of housing design , garden suburbs , site [choice] and survey : ‘ the fragmentary experimentation of letchworth and hampstead crystallized into statutory house types and area standards , and a density of twelve houses to the acre , paving the way for an unprecedented municipal intervention into the provision of housing ’ ( miller , 1981 , p. 89 ) .

It contained advice on site selection .
it contained advice on site [choice] .

After his selection and Police College training he 'd been slightly surprised to find himself not to be a component of an irresistibly righteous machine , but a member of an organisation that was as flawed and human as any other .
after his [choice] and police college training he 'd been slightly surprised to find himself not to be a component of an irresistibly righteous machine , but a member of an organisation that was as flawed and human as any other .

Then there were the drawers full of clothes — shirts , skirts , dresses , coloured stockings , an extraordinary selection of weekend-in-Paris underwear , night-dresses .
then there were the drawers full of clothes — shirts , skirts , dresses , coloured stockings , an extraordinary [choice] of weekend-in-paris underwear , night-dresses .

Natural selection adapts populations to their environment through a combination of observable processes that shows no sign of divine forethought .
natural [choice] adapts populations to their environment through a combination of observable processes that shows no sign of divine forethought .

The circumstances leading to Darwin 's discovery of the theory of natural selection form one of the most intensively studied areas of the history of science .
the circumstances leading to darwin 's discovery of the theory of natural [choice] form one of the most intensively studied areas of the history of science .

But the motivation that leads so many historians to work on this material also derives from the status that the theory of natural selection has achieved within modern biology .
but the motivation that leads so many historians to work on this material also derives from the status that the theory of natural [choice] has achieved within modern biology .

The vast majority of working biologists now accept natural selection as the key to our understanding of how populations of animals and plants adjust to changes in their environment .
the vast majority of working biologists now accept natural [choice] as the key to our understanding of how populations of animals and plants adjust to changes in their environment .

But to many of his contemporaries , adaptation was not the central problem , and natural selection thus failed to answer the questions that were uppermost in their minds .
but to many of his contemporaries , adaptation was not the central problem , and natural [choice] thus failed to answer the questions that were uppermost in their minds .

When we survey the reception of Darwinism ( chapter 8 ) , we shall have to beware of the temptation to assume that the success of the selection theory in the twentieth century was built upon foundations established in Darwin 's own time .
when we survey the reception of darwinism ( chapter 8 ) , we shall have to beware of the temptation to assume that the success of the [choice] theory in the twentieth century was built upon foundations established in darwin 's own time .

In fact , Darwin converted the scientific world to evolutionism despite an almost universal refusal to accept that his theory of natural selection offered an adequate explanation of how the process works .
in fact , darwin converted the scientific world to evolutionism despite an almost universal refusal to accept that his theory of natural [choice] offered an adequate explanation of how the process works .

Natural Selection
natural [choice]

Darwin 's later descriptions of his theory use artificial selection as a means of introducing the reader to the possibility of a natural equivalent , and he always implied that this was how he himself discovered his theory .
darwin 's later descriptions of his theory use artificial [choice] as a means of introducing the reader to the possibility of a natural equivalent , and he always implied that this was how he himself discovered his theory .

His notebooks tell a rather more complex story , however , and it was only after several years of work that he eventually put together the idea of natural selection .
his notebooks tell a rather more complex story , however , and it was only after several years of work that he eventually put together the idea of natural [choice] .

In the first detailed account of his theory , Darwin gave the following imaginary example to show how natural selection would work :
in the first detailed account of his theory , darwin gave the following imaginary example to show how natural [choice] would work :

But historians now recognize that for Darwin himself the idea of natural selection arose from a dialogue between his geographical studies and his interest in the process of reproduction by which the species is maintained .
but historians now recognize that for darwin himself the idea of natural [choice] arose from a dialogue between his geographical studies and his interest in the process of reproduction by which the species is maintained .

Darwin had formulated the outline of his theory of natural selection in the late 1830s .
darwin had formulated the outline of his theory of natural [choice] in the late 1830s .

He was interrupted in this task by the appearance in 1858 of a paper outlining a similar concept of selection developed independently by Alfred Russel Wallace ( 1823–1913 ) .
he was interrupted in this task by the appearance in 1858 of a paper outlining a similar concept of [choice] developed independently by alfred russel wallace ( 1823–1913 ) .

In 1858 Wallace ( who had also read Malthus ) hit upon the idea of natural selection and wrote up an account , which he sent to Darwin , who was widely known to be interested in the species question .
in 1858 wallace ( who had also read malthus ) hit upon the idea of natural [choice] and wrote up an account , which he sent to darwin , who was widely known to be interested in the species question .

Wallace had no interest in animal breeding and did not model his proposed mechanism on the process of artificial selection .
wallace had no interest in animal breeding and did not model his proposed mechanism on the process of artificial [choice] .

It seems that his original conception was of natural selection operating upon varieties or subspecies , not upon individual variations within the same population .
it seems that his original conception was of natural [choice] operating upon varieties or subspecies , not upon individual variations within the same population .

In the twentieth century , natural selection has emerged as the dominant theory by which biologists explain the evolutionary mechanism .
in the twentieth century , natural [choice] has emerged as the dominant theory by which biologists explain the evolutionary mechanism .

But in Darwin 's own time , natural selection remained controversial and was supplemented by a range of alternative theories including Lamarck 's ‘ inheritance of acquired characteristics ’ and an appeal to saltations or sudden evolutionary leaps .
but in darwin 's own time , natural [choice] remained controversial and was supplemented by a range of alternative theories including lamarck 's ‘ inheritance of acquired characteristics ’ and an appeal to saltations or sudden evolutionary leaps .

Natural selection was not the only scientific manifestation of this spirit , but Darwinism supplied useful catch-phrases such as ‘ the survival of the fittest ’ , which could be used by those seeking a scientific justification for their indifference to the losers in Nature 's great race .
natural [choice] was not the only scientific manifestation of this spirit , but darwinism supplied useful catch-phrases such as ‘ the survival of the fittest ’ , which could be used by those seeking a scientific justification for their indifference to the losers in nature 's great race .

The success of the animal and plant breeders ( which Darwin exploited in his analogy between artificial and natural selection ) confirmed the human race 's ability to manipulate organic Nature for its own ends .
the success of the animal and plant breeders ( which darwin exploited in his analogy between artificial and natural [choice] ) confirmed the human race 's ability to manipulate organic nature for its own ends .

The morphologist scorned the field naturalist 's study of geographical distribution , migration and adaptation — studies that were the very foundation upon which the theory of natural selection had been built .
the morphologist scorned the field naturalist 's study of geographical distribution , migration and adaptation — studies that were the very foundation upon which the theory of natural [choice] had been built .

Darwin 's theory played a major catalytic role in converting the world to evolutionism , but historians have begun to realize that our conventional image of the ‘ Darwinian revolution ’ is an oversimplification inspired by modern biologists ' enthusiasm for the concept of natural selection .
darwin 's theory played a major catalytic role in converting the world to evolutionism , but historians have begun to realize that our conventional image of the ‘ darwinian revolution ’ is an oversimplification inspired by modern biologists ' enthusiasm for the concept of natural [choice] .

The theory of natural selection conveys an image of Nature in which complex and unpredictable interactions determine the life and death of both individuals and species .
the theory of natural [choice] conveys an image of nature in which complex and unpredictable interactions determine the life and death of both individuals and species .

The complexity of what is often misleadingly called the ‘ Darwinian revolution ’ can be judged by surveying the mixed fortunes of the theory of natural selection .
the complexity of what is often misleadingly called the ‘ darwinian revolution ’ can be judged by surveying the mixed fortunes of the theory of natural [choice] .

Modern biologists accept that the synthesis of natural selection with Mendelian genetics has created a powerful explanation of the evolutionary process .
modern biologists accept that the synthesis of natural [choice] with mendelian genetics has created a powerful explanation of the evolutionary process .

Historians who have looked at the impact of the Origin of Species have thus been encouraged to assume that Darwin 's introduction of the selection mechanism represented the decisive factor in the conversion of the scientific community to evolutionism .
historians who have looked at the impact of the origin of species have thus been encouraged to assume that darwin 's introduction of the [choice] mechanism represented the decisive factor in the conversion of the scientific community to evolutionism .

Recent research has shown that Darwin converted the world to evolutionism despite the fact that his theory of natural selection was largely rejected as an adequate explanation of the evolutionary process .
recent research has shown that darwin converted the world to evolutionism despite the fact that his theory of natural [choice] was largely rejected as an adequate explanation of the evolutionary process .

Opponents rejected natural selection outright and revived pre-Darwinian theories such as Lamarckism and saltationism as the basis for their claim that evolution could not be the totally haphazard process depicted by Darwin 's theory .
opponents rejected natural [choice] outright and revived pre-darwinian theories such as lamarckism and saltationism as the basis for their claim that evolution could not be the totally haphazard process depicted by darwin 's theory .

The late nineteenth century saw an ‘ eclipse of Darwinism ’ in which the supporters of natural selection were marginalized even within scientific biology .
the late nineteenth century saw an ‘ eclipse of darwinism ’ in which the supporters of natural [choice] were marginalized even within scientific biology .

We also need to know why some biologists who were suspicious of natural selection called themselves ‘ Darwinians ’ — and why others were so determined to develop alternative theories .
we also need to know why some biologists who were suspicious of natural [choice] called themselves ‘ darwinians ’ — and why others were so determined to develop alternative theories .

More important is Huxley 's own attitude to the theory of natural selection .
more important is huxley 's own attitude to the theory of natural [choice] .

Although he saw selection as a plausible hypothesis that confirmed the scientist 's right to investigate the question , he had major reservations about the mechanism and preferred to believe that evolution occurred through saltations or leaps produced by some mechanism internal to the organism .
although he saw [choice] as a plausible hypothesis that confirmed the scientist 's right to investigate the question , he had major reservations about the mechanism and preferred to believe that evolution occurred through saltations or leaps produced by some mechanism internal to the organism .

Darwin himself had stressed the long-term progressionism of natural selection , and his was certainly a mechanism that highlighted the role of the individual .
darwin himself had stressed the long-term progressionism of natural [choice] , and his was certainly a mechanism that highlighted the role of the individual .

But he saw natural selection as less important than the Lamarckian mechanism in which self-improvements resulting from the individual 's response to environmental challenge are inherited and thus accumulate to change the species .
but he saw natural [choice] as less important than the lamarckian mechanism in which self-improvements resulting from the individual 's response to environmental challenge are inherited and thus accumulate to change the species .

Anti-Darwinian versions of evolutionism flourished in the later decades of the century because they upheld the view that natural development is a more orderly and more purposeful process than natural selection would allow .
anti-darwinian versions of evolutionism flourished in the later decades of the century because they upheld the view that natural development is a more orderly and more purposeful process than natural [choice] would allow .

In the 1870s some of the American disciples of the idealist zoologist Louis Agassiz accepted evolutionism , but rejected natural selection as the expression of a materialist view of life .
in the 1870s some of the american disciples of the idealist zoologist louis agassiz accepted evolutionism , but rejected natural [choice] as the expression of a materialist view of life .

Lamarckism drew much of its inspiration from a moral distaste for the ‘ trial-and-error ’ process of natural selection .
lamarckism drew much of its inspiration from a moral distaste for the ‘ trial-and-error ’ process of natural [choice] .

The opponents of Darwinism saw the implications of the selection mechanism more clearly than the ‘ Darwinians ’ who linked the theory to Spencer 's progressionism .
the opponents of darwinism saw the implications of the [choice] mechanism more clearly than the ‘ darwinians ’ who linked the theory to spencer 's progressionism .

Of natural selection Butler later wrote : ‘ To state this doctrine is to arouse instinctive loathing ; it is my fortunate task to maintain that such a nightmare of waste and death is as baseless as it is repulsive .
of natural [choice] butler later wrote : ‘ to state this doctrine is to arouse instinctive loathing ; it is my fortunate task to maintain that such a nightmare of waste and death is as baseless as it is repulsive .

The astronomer Sir John Herschel ( 1792–1871 ) called natural selection ‘ the law of higgledy-piggledy ’ and in his Physical Geography of 1861 wrote :
the astronomer sir john herschel ( 1792–1871 ) called natural [choice] ‘ the law of higgledy-piggledy ’ and in his physical geography of 1861 wrote :

‘ Natural selection ’ holds that no such change can take place without the influence of altered external circumstances .
‘ natural [choice] ’ holds that no such change can take place without the influence of altered external circumstances .

By 1900 Darwin was acknowledged as the founder of evolutionism , but his theory of natural selection was accepted by only a minority of biologists .
by 1900 darwin was acknowledged as the founder of evolutionism , but his theory of natural [choice] was accepted by only a minority of biologists .

The American neo-Lamarckians made the same point , arguing that the fossils seemed to support a theory of directed evolution , not one based on the selection of random variation by the local environment .
the american neo-lamarckians made the same point , arguing that the fossils seemed to support a theory of directed evolution , not one based on the [choice] of random variation by the local environment .

Unlike Osborn , Matthew was prepared to accept that evolution occurred primarily in response to environmental change , and — unusually for the time — he accepted the theory of natural selection .
unlike osborn , matthew was prepared to accept that evolution occurred primarily in response to environmental change , and — unusually for the time — he accepted the theory of natural [choice] .

The introduction of a geographical dimension at this level could be taken up even by those who saw evolution as something more than the selection of random variation .
the introduction of a geographical dimension at this level could be taken up even by those who saw evolution as something more than the [choice] of random variation .

The second half of Darwin 's Descent of Man was devoted to sexual selection , because Darwin thought that this was the only process that could explain some of humankind 's unique features such as our loss of body hair .
the second half of darwin 's descent of man was devoted to sexual [choice] , because darwin thought that this was the only process that could explain some of humankind 's unique features such as our loss of body hair .

If males compete for access to the females , selection will develop any character that encourages successful breeding — even if this character is of no benefit in terms of adaptation to the environment .
if males compete for access to the females , [choice] will develop any character that encourages successful breeding — even if this character is of no benefit in terms of adaptation to the environment .

In species where the males compete to gather ‘ harems ’ of females , sexual selection will develop the weapons used in male combat .
in species where the males compete to gather ‘ harems ’ of females , sexual [choice] will develop the weapons used in male combat .

Applied to the human race , sexual selection allowed Darwin to account for the loss of body hair by assuming that this character had become sexually desirable among our distant ancestors .
applied to the human race , sexual [choice] allowed darwin to account for the loss of body hair by assuming that this character had become sexually desirable among our distant ancestors .

Hence it is a duty which every race owes to itself , and to the human family as well , to cultivate by every possible means its own strength ; directly it falls behind in the regard it pays to this duty … it incurs a penalty which Natural Selection , the stern but beneficent tyrant of the organic world , will assuredly exact , and that speedily , to the full .
hence it is a duty which every race owes to itself , and to the human family as well , to cultivate by every possible means its own strength ; directly it falls behind in the regard it pays to this duty … it incurs a penalty which natural [choice] , the stern but beneficent tyrant of the organic world , will assuredly exact , and that speedily , to the full .

Although Sollas referred to natural selection , he elsewhere ridiculed Darwin 's theory as incapable of explaining how the higher types were actually produced .
although sollas referred to natural [choice] , he elsewhere ridiculed darwin 's theory as incapable of explaining how the higher types were actually produced .

Natural selection merely justified the marginalization of primitive races by the later forms of humanity developed by some inherently progressive force .
natural [choice] merely justified the marginalization of primitive races by the later forms of humanity developed by some inherently progressive force .

Natural selection was a process taking place within the whole breeding population making up the species , and if a division were to occur , the single original population must somehow be split into several distinct subpopulations that did not interbreed .
natural [choice] was a process taking place within the whole breeding population making up the species , and if a division were to occur , the single original population must somehow be split into several distinct subpopulations that did not interbreed .

Since natural selection produced only slow , almost imperceptible changes , Darwin could not rely on the sudden appearance of a new form that did not interbreed with its parents .
since natural [choice] produced only slow , almost imperceptible changes , darwin could not rely on the sudden appearance of a new form that did not interbreed with its parents .

The Darwinians assumed that this kind of coloration had been developed by natural selection .
the darwinians assumed that this kind of coloration had been developed by natural [choice] .

Since in most species the individual animals can not control their own colour , Lamarckism could not be invoked to explain the phenomenon ; selection was the only alternative to divine creation .
since in most species the individual animals can not control their own colour , lamarckism could not be invoked to explain the phenomenon ; [choice] was the only alternative to divine creation .

More direct efforts to measure the effects of selection upon a population were undertaken by the biometrical school of Darwinism .
more direct efforts to measure the effects of [choice] upon a population were undertaken by the biometrical school of darwinism .

Inspired by Darwin 's cousin , Francis Galton ( 1822–1911 ) , the biometricians sought to provide hard evidence that a population subjected to selection pressure exhibited a measurable difference after a few generations .
inspired by darwin 's cousin , francis galton ( 1822–1911 ) , the biometricians sought to provide hard evidence that a population subjected to [choice] pressure exhibited a measurable difference after a few generations .

His disciple , Karl Pearson ( 1857–1936 ) , built upon these techniques to provide detailed arguments defending the selection mechanism against its critics .
his disciple , karl pearson ( 1857–1936 ) , built upon these techniques to provide detailed arguments defending the [choice] mechanism against its critics .

The Lamarckian effect did not work , and the only conceivable mechanism of evolution was the natural selection of variations arising spontaneously in the germ plasm .
the lamarckian effect did not work , and the only conceivable mechanism of evolution was the natural [choice] of variations arising spontaneously in the germ plasm .

Everyone agreed that the loss of eyesight was a consequence of the animals taking up residence in an environment with no light , but the Lamarckians argued that the inherited effects of disuse provided a better explanation of the process than natural selection .
everyone agreed that the loss of eyesight was a consequence of the animals taking up residence in an environment with no light , but the lamarckians argued that the inherited effects of disuse provided a better explanation of the process than natural [choice] .

The Darwinians had to assume that a useless organ was gradually reduced to a rudimentary state because natural selection would favour those individuals who did not waste their energy growing a useless structure .
the darwinians had to assume that a useless organ was gradually reduced to a rudimentary state because natural [choice] would favour those individuals who did not waste their energy growing a useless structure .

They also insisted that selection by the environment had no effect on the characters that appeared in this way .
they also insisted that [choice] by the environment had no effect on the characters that appeared in this way .

The old ‘ balance of Nature ’ theory had accepted the existence of such interactions , and Darwin had certainly stressed their importance as factors determining the selection pressures that caused evolution .
the old ‘ balance of nature ’ theory had accepted the existence of such interactions , and darwin had certainly stressed their importance as factors determining the [choice] pressures that caused evolution .

While continuing to have some interest in biogeography , Darwin nevertheless deflected attention towards inter-species competition as the main driving force of natural selection — a force that continued to operate and produce change even in a perfectly stable environment .
while continuing to have some interest in biogeography , darwin nevertheless deflected attention towards inter-species competition as the main driving force of natural [choice] — a force that continued to operate and produce change even in a perfectly stable environment .

The general point is this : what counts as rationality in modern society is a selection from the total available forms of rationality and that , even within the legitimate forms of rationality , some acquire a higher authority than others .
the general point is this : what counts as rationality in modern society is a [choice] from the total available forms of rationality and that , even within the legitimate forms of rationality , some acquire a higher authority than others .

Perhaps in the selection of students for admission ; or the promotion of the faculty ; or the apportionment of priorities for institutional expenditure ; or the direction of research projects ; or the range of teaching and research subjects pursued in an institution ; or the character of the curriculum .
perhaps in the [choice] of students for admission ; or the promotion of the faculty ; or the apportionment of priorities for institutional expenditure ; or the direction of research projects ; or the range of teaching and research subjects pursued in an institution ; or the character of the curriculum .

Do not be afraid to ask a selection of bureau to quote for a job , even to output a sample page .
do not be afraid to ask a [choice] of bureau to quote for a job , even to output a sample page .

Precision selection of text
precision [choice] of text

If you selected a word hold down the Shift key and click on the last word of the selection — similarly for paragraphs .
if you selected a word hold down the shift key and click on the last word of the [choice] — similarly for paragraphs .

Most page printers will come with a selection which will invariably include a serif face such a Times , a sans serif face like Helvetica and , often , a monospaced face .
most page printers will come with a [choice] which will invariably include a serif face such a times , a sans serif face like helvetica and , often , a monospaced face .

an on screen mouse operated facility that allows the user to choose from a selection of ‘ tools ’ to create simple geometric shapes — lines , boxes , circles etc. and to add fill patterns .
an on screen mouse operated facility that allows the user to choose from a [choice] of ‘ tools ’ to create simple geometric shapes — lines , boxes , circles etc. and to add fill patterns .

Quite apart from the fact that they are bound to be different something approaching 60 % of the basic functions will be identical ; loading , saving , printing , editing , type selection , etc .
quite apart from the fact that they are bound to be different something approaching 60 % of the basic functions will be identical ; loading , saving , printing , editing , type [choice] , etc .

Once the decision as to which piece , or pieces , of software will meet your requirements has been taken , together with the selection of the necessary hardware , the implementation phase of the project can begin .
once the decision as to which piece , or pieces , of software will meet your requirements has been taken , together with the [choice] of the necessary hardware , the implementation phase of the project can begin .

Following his adoption of the new methods , there were no deaths and only a few minor complications in thirty-five patients treated without selection at the Liverpool Infirmary .
following his adoption of the new methods , there were no deaths and only a few minor complications in thirty-five patients treated without [choice] at the liverpool infirmary .

Despite its title , the work took account of only a selection of English vocabulary , including ‘ Difficult Words and Technical Terms in all Faculties and Professions ’ .
despite its title , the work took account of only a [choice] of english vocabulary , including ‘ difficult words and technical terms in all faculties and professions ’ .

He was one of the first to seek evidence in the field for the concept of natural selection held by Charles Darwin [ q.v . ]
he was one of the first to seek evidence in the field for the concept of natural [choice] held by charles darwin [ q.v . ]

The work of co-ordinating the activities of the National Federation and the Central Association proceeded more slowly but some progress was made , most notably in candidate selection .
the work of co-ordinating the activities of the national federation and the central association proceeded more slowly but some progress was made , most notably in candidate [choice] .

Much later , in 1988 , Michael Burn , in Mary and Richard , published a selection of the love letters which had passed in 1942 between Hillary and Mary Booker , an understanding and beautiful woman twenty-two years Hillary 's senior , whom Burn later married .
much later , in 1988 , michael burn , in mary and richard , published a [choice] of the love letters which had passed in 1942 between hillary and mary booker , an understanding and beautiful woman twenty-two years hillary 's senior , whom burn later married .

After Elizabeth Smith 's death Bowdler published Fragments in Prose and Verse ( 1808 ) , a selection of Smith 's works interspersed with an account of her life ; it ran into many editions .
after elizabeth smith 's death bowdler published fragments in prose and verse ( 1808 ) , a [choice] of smith 's works interspersed with an account of her life ; it ran into many editions .

However , in May 1667 the political world was surprised by Duncombe 's selection as member of a powerful Treasury commission and elevation to the Privy Council .
however , in may 1667 the political world was surprised by duncombe 's [choice] as member of a powerful treasury commission and elevation to the privy council .

Symons organized the selection of ‘ fifty books of the year ’ from 1926 on and , despite the end of his First Edition Club in 1931 , became an important influence in the bibliographical world through the foundation , in 1930 , of The Book-Collector 's Quarterly .
symons organized the [choice] of ‘ fifty books of the year ’ from 1926 on and , despite the end of his first edition club in 1931 , became an important influence in the bibliographical world through the foundation , in 1930 , of the book-collector 's quarterly .

He had apparently kept diaries from the beginning of 1870 until his death , but he remained totally unknown to the public until the publication of a selection from these diaries in a three-volume edition , edited by William Plomer [ q.v . ]
he had apparently kept diaries from the beginning of 1870 until his death , but he remained totally unknown to the public until the publication of a [choice] from these diaries in a three-volume edition , edited by william plomer [ q.v . ]

Animacy is , however , only one of the factors which influences selection of a passive form to describe a particular situation .
animacy is , however , only one of the factors which influences [choice] of a passive form to describe a particular situation .

One way of viewing these results is to suggest that what determines use of the passive rather than the active is selection of the acted-upon as the first noun to be mentioned .
one way of viewing these results is to suggest that what determines use of the passive rather than the active is [choice] of the acted-upon as the first noun to be mentioned .

On yet other occasions the access of lexical items will be constrained by the selection of particular syntactic options which are required in order to convey particular communicative intentions .
on yet other occasions the access of lexical items will be constrained by the [choice] of particular syntactic options which are required in order to convey particular communicative intentions .

There are many different shapes and sizes to choose from and most can be obtained in a choice of colours , so it is wise to obtain a selection of catalogues from specialists and weigh up the advantages and disadvantages of each type before making what will undoubtedly be a sizeable investment .
there are many different shapes and sizes to choose from and most can be obtained in a choice of colours , so it is wise to obtain a [choice] of catalogues from specialists and weigh up the advantages and disadvantages of each type before making what will undoubtedly be a sizeable investment .

Water gardening specialists usually reduce the chances of making an error by offering a selection suited to the ornamental pool , so their judgment should be trusted .
water gardening specialists usually reduce the chances of making an error by offering a [choice] suited to the ornamental pool , so their judgment should be trusted .

The following selection are the most decorative and useful for the average garden pool .
the following [choice] are the most decorative and useful for the average garden pool .

2 Selection of governing authority .
2 [choice] of governing authority .

The clinician , clearly out of her depth with the arts but still determined to do her best , had prepared a selection of vid snips from Daine 's source flatties .
the clinician , clearly out of her depth with the arts but still determined to do her best , had prepared a [choice] of vid snips from daine 's source flatties .

By and large this device will reveal more detail of terraces than the hypsographic and clinographic curves , especially if a lot of care is given to the selection of class intervals .
by and large this device will reveal more detail of terraces than the hypsographic and clinographic curves , especially if a lot of care is given to the [choice] of class intervals .

… a system of interest representation in which the constituent units organised into a limited number of singular , compulsory , non competitive , hierarchically ordered and functionally differentiated categories , recognised or licensed ( if not created ) by the state and granted a deliberate representational monopoly within their respective categories in exchange for observing certain controls on their selection of leaders and articulation of demands and supports .
… a system of interest representation in which the constituent units organised into a limited number of singular , compulsory , non competitive , hierarchically ordered and functionally differentiated categories , recognised or licensed ( if not created ) by the state and granted a deliberate representational monopoly within their respective categories in exchange for observing certain controls on their [choice] of leaders and articulation of demands and supports .

The selection of the preferred option is often a political process and so subject to the values that politicians bring to the process as discussed in Chapter 2 .
the [choice] of the preferred option is often a political process and so subject to the values that politicians bring to the process as discussed in chapter 2 .

Each program contains a dialogue offering a wide range of choices affecting , for example , selection with respect to most data items , sort orders , print items per line , print lines per record , paging , number of copies , type of stationery , destination printer , real-time or batch execution , blackness of print image , redirection of printout to a computer file , creation of reference files to allow the same set of selected records to be used by another program , saving and naming selections for future use , local and remote printing , etc .
each program contains a dialogue offering a wide range of choices affecting , for example , [choice] with respect to most data items , sort orders , print items per line , print lines per record , paging , number of copies , type of stationery , destination printer , real-time or batch execution , blackness of print image , redirection of printout to a computer file , creation of reference files to allow the same set of selected records to be used by another program , saving and naming selections for future use , local and remote printing , etc .

this definition involves the combination of two factors — the selection of appropriate problems by potential clients and , on presentation , their acceptance by the solicitor as appropriate for him or her to handle .
this definition involves the combination of two factors — the [choice] of appropriate problems by potential clients and , on presentation , their acceptance by the solicitor as appropriate for him or her to handle .

What are the factors which influence the choice of a particular agency ? Whilst there may be circumstances which influence individuals in their selection of an adviser , it seems likely that the crucial factors are availability , cost and reputation .
what are the factors which influence the choice of a particular agency ? whilst there may be circumstances which influence individuals in their [choice] of an adviser , it seems likely that the crucial factors are availability , cost and reputation .

Selection criteria were specified , including the requirements that the solicitor 's office be reasonably accessible to the appropriate magistrates ' court and that the solicitor have sufficient criminal advocacy experience during the previous 18 months .
[choice] criteria were specified , including the requirements that the solicitor 's office be reasonably accessible to the appropriate magistrates ' court and that the solicitor have sufficient criminal advocacy experience during the previous 18 months .

As from 1st March , all Chivers titles will be on display in a dedicated area at Askews in Preston , to make selection easier for librarians from the north of England and Scotland .
as from 1st march , all chivers titles will be on display in a dedicated area at askews in preston , to make [choice] easier for librarians from the north of england and scotland .

Retail support service , including range selection and p.o.s .
retail support service , including range [choice] and p.o.s .

The first of three previews , based on the selection of leading titles to be published during the coming season which appears in the Spring Books issue on 12th February . This week , the highlights in hardback fiction published between now and August
the first of three previews , based on the [choice] of leading titles to be published during the coming season which appears in the spring books issue on 12th february . this week , the highlights in hardback fiction published between now and august

These models involve training users in skills needed for community survival , including medication management ( Eckman and Liberman , 1990 ) and attention has focused on people with long-term needs , and in involving them more closely in assessment and the selection of goals ( Liberman et al .
these models involve training users in skills needed for community survival , including medication management ( eckman and liberman , 1990 ) and attention has focused on people with long-term needs , and in involving them more closely in assessment and the [choice] of goals ( liberman et al .

It must proceed according to a set of obstacles , a set of rules , that is , through a ‘ process of selection and combination of language ’ , which itself is more bound than mobile in language 's articulated and differential nature .
it must proceed according to a set of obstacles , a set of rules , that is , through a ‘ process of [choice] and combination of language ’ , which itself is more bound than mobile in language 's articulated and differential nature .

While selection of resources was apparently not a problem for teachers , there were several signs that school libraries would welcome greater help in stock selection .
while [choice] of resources was apparently not a problem for teachers , there were several signs that school libraries would welcome greater help in stock [choice] .

‘ There could not have been much of a selection this time , then .
‘ there could not have been much of a [choice] this time , then .

These were a dozen or so stoppered glass bottles containing a selection of Wakelate 's most virulent and inventive poisons .
these were a dozen or so stoppered glass bottles containing a [choice] of wakelate 's most virulent and inventive poisons .

One of the most elusive aspects of operatic promotion concerns the influence of patrons in the selection of performers , and intriguing snippets here hint at the interference of the aristocracy in both London and Paris .
one of the most elusive aspects of operatic promotion concerns the influence of patrons in the [choice] of performers , and intriguing snippets here hint at the interference of the aristocracy in both london and paris .

Of course with a heart like his it would n't have taken long , but why pick on strychnine when he had a fair selection of the British Pharmacopoeia in his dispensary to choose from ?
of course with a heart like his it would n't have taken long , but why pick on strychnine when he had a fair [choice] of the british pharmacopoeia in his dispensary to choose from ?

He chose the blackjack from a selection on a velvet tray , and then he looked at some handcuffs — real ones , this time , but heavier than regulation and suggestive of overkill .
he chose the blackjack from a [choice] on a velvet tray , and then he looked at some handcuffs — real ones , this time , but heavier than regulation and suggestive of overkill .

Paint selection in print
paint [choice] in print

Following the style of the Sikkens Specifiers Guides to Woodstains and Paints and the Sandtex Specifier 's Guide to Masonry Coatings , the new guide offers a step-by-step outline to the preparation of substrates for decoration , and the identification and selection of systems and products to achieve the desired finish .
following the style of the sikkens specifiers guides to woodstains and paints and the sandtex specifier 's guide to masonry coatings , the new guide offers a step-by-step outline to the preparation of substrates for decoration , and the identification and [choice] of systems and products to achieve the desired finish .

Steve 's prompt action was recalled at a special dinner in Southend when he and 13 other Credit Card staff were presented with Quality of Service Awards — a selection of crystal — by Senior Manager Bob Docherty .
steve 's prompt action was recalled at a special dinner in southend when he and 13 other credit card staff were presented with quality of service awards — a [choice] of crystal — by senior manager bob docherty .

In addition the proximity of the flight-path for the second runway at Edinburgh Airport placed stringent height restrictions on the form of this junction leading to the selection of a large surface-level roundabout .
in addition the proximity of the flight-path for the second runway at edinburgh airport placed stringent height restrictions on the form of this junction leading to the [choice] of a large surface-level roundabout .

The selection and location of these systems should be discussed with safety representatives .
the [choice] and location of these systems should be discussed with safety representatives .

The examples below are a selection to illustrate the types of changes envisaged over the three year period up to 1995 .
the examples below are a [choice] to illustrate the types of changes envisaged over the three year period up to 1995 .

The scope of work includes the design of pipelines and manifolds , subsea equipment selection and design of the subsea well control system and umbilicals .
the scope of work includes the design of pipelines and manifolds , subsea equipment [choice] and design of the subsea well control system and umbilicals .

In 1990 Glasgow was selected to be the European City of Culture and in this connection a sponsorship programme was devised including a performance by the world renowned Berlin Philharmonic Orchestra , an exhibition of a selection of the of Camille Pissarro at The Burrell and a number of other events .
in 1990 glasgow was selected to be the european city of culture and in this connection a sponsorship programme was devised including a performance by the world renowned berlin philharmonic orchestra , an exhibition of a [choice] of the of camille pissarro at the burrell and a number of other events .

One of Guinness Brewing Worldwide 's key strengths is the careful selection of such companies , those with excellent potential , which will take us into new markets or geographical areas , or consolidate our presence , and which can be integrated smoothly and add value to existing operations .
one of guinness brewing worldwide 's key strengths is the careful [choice] of such companies , those with excellent potential , which will take us into new markets or geographical areas , or consolidate our presence , and which can be integrated smoothly and add value to existing operations .

First , one needs to distinguish between actual situations of utterance in all their multiplicity of features , and the selection of just those features that are culturally and linguistically relevant to the production and interpretation of utterances ( see e.g .
first , one needs to distinguish between actual situations of utterance in all their multiplicity of features , and the [choice] of just those features that are culturally and linguistically relevant to the production and interpretation of utterances ( see e.g .

For example , the probable universal existence of tag-questions ( under a functional definition ) can perhaps be related to the universal operation of rules of turn-taking that allow as one option the ending of current speaker 's turn by a selection of a next speaker .
for example , the probable universal existence of tag-questions ( under a functional definition ) can perhaps be related to the universal operation of rules of turn-taking that allow as one option the ending of current speaker 's turn by a [choice] of a next speaker .

taking the point of view , for the purpose of vocative selection , of the audience .
taking the point of view , for the purpose of vocative [choice] , of the audience .

She has been seconded to the Civil Service Selection Board , where she is helping to devise the entrance competition for the ‘ fast stream ’ applicants to the Civil Service , Diplomatic Service and Tax Inspectorate .
she has been seconded to the civil service [choice] board , where she is helping to devise the entrance competition for the ‘ fast stream ’ applicants to the civil service , diplomatic service and tax inspectorate .

The General Board shall have power to accept or refuse the application and , if it accepts it , to determine , in consultation with the professor concerned , the number of students whose names may be on the register at any one time and the method of their selection .
the general board shall have power to accept or refuse the application and , if it accepts it , to determine , in consultation with the professor concerned , the number of students whose names may be on the register at any one time and the method of their [choice] .

In the popular vein there is also a selection of lids from flat pots which would have been collected as souvenirs from special occasions , such as major exhibitions and the completion of a bridge or important building .
in the popular vein there is also a [choice] of lids from flat pots which would have been collected as souvenirs from special occasions , such as major exhibitions and the completion of a bridge or important building .

Splendid silver German nefs and wager cups are also featured , along with enamels and jewellery by Phoebe Traquair and a selection of Italian micromosaics .
splendid silver german nefs and wager cups are also featured , along with enamels and jewellery by phoebe traquair and a [choice] of italian micromosaics .

The questionnaire gave three response options for selection : `` Yes ' , `` No `` , and `` Not sure `` .
the questionnaire gave three response options for [choice] : `` yes ' , `` no `` , and `` not sure `` .

The former has the difficulty of selection of what is relevant , for which Blake offers no rationale ; the latter has the difficulty of what makes one decide to investigate a particular feature .
the former has the difficulty of [choice] of what is relevant , for which blake offers no rationale ; the latter has the difficulty of what makes one decide to investigate a particular feature .

( xi ) Selection of and verifying sub-contractors .
( xi ) [choice] of and verifying sub-contractors .

Order a selection of non-tabloid newspapers for weekdays and the weekend .
order a [choice] of non-tabloid newspapers for weekdays and the weekend .

All quality standards require you to adopt selection criteria for experts , taking into account such factors as their expertise , speed of response , flexibility and value for money .
all quality standards require you to adopt [choice] criteria for experts , taking into account such factors as their expertise , speed of response , flexibility and value for money .

In addition to careful selection of the individual expert , attention must be paid to the type of expert who is instructed .
in addition to careful [choice] of the individual expert , attention must be paid to the type of expert who is instructed .

At ground-floor level she discovered a games-room , a large slate-bed billiard table taking up much of the space , and a selection of tennis racquets and other games equipment suggesting that there were the courts and space for all these things .
at ground-floor level she discovered a games-room , a large slate-bed billiard table taking up much of the space , and a [choice] of tennis racquets and other games equipment suggesting that there were the courts and space for all these things .

Even in West Fife and Rhondda East , the Central Committee declared that : `` the Party is prepared to , in conjunction with the Trade Unions and Labour bodies in them , convene a selection conference , bring the various working class candidates before it and abide by their decisions `` .
even in west fife and rhondda east , the central committee declared that : `` the party is prepared to , in conjunction with the trade unions and labour bodies in them , convene a [choice] conference , bring the various working class candidates before it and abide by their decisions `` .

Local Clubs were formed to discuss the topics raised in the monthly selection .
local clubs were formed to discuss the topics raised in the monthly [choice] .

In practical terms , the school librarian or teacher may not have the authority to make a final decision on the purchase of a microcomputer but it is important that s/he has some knowledge of what microcomputers can do and what criteria should be used for selection , so that the decision made by the headteacher may be influenced by the person who will ultimately control and use the microcomputer .
in practical terms , the school librarian or teacher may not have the authority to make a final decision on the purchase of a microcomputer but it is important that s/he has some knowledge of what microcomputers can do and what criteria should be used for [choice] , so that the decision made by the headteacher may be influenced by the person who will ultimately control and use the microcomputer .

Selection is a question of balance .
[choice] is a question of balance .

The decision to purchase a microcomputer or to give advice on the purchase means that the school librarian and teachers will have to gather information in relation to the questions posed above on criteria for selection .
the decision to purchase a microcomputer or to give advice on the purchase means that the school librarian and teachers will have to gather information in relation to the questions posed above on criteria for [choice] .

Access to national and local databases would greatly enhance the potential and validity of these projects by giving a greater selection of resources , variety of materials and methods of organization .
access to national and local databases would greatly enhance the potential and validity of these projects by giving a greater [choice] of resources , variety of materials and methods of organization .

Selection of keywords is often easier for a more structured assignment or where more `` concrete `` concepts are being dealt with .
[choice] of keywords is often easier for a more structured assignment or where more `` concrete `` concepts are being dealt with .

The need to encourage pupils to evaluate and select resources and information and to use indexes must be balanced against the number of selection stages with which the pupils can cope .
the need to encourage pupils to evaluate and select resources and information and to use indexes must be balanced against the number of [choice] stages with which the pupils can cope .

While collaboration between the teacher and the school librarian is essential in the design of the database , the selection and indexing of information and resources , and the construction and maintenance of a database are usually seen as the tasks of the school librarian .
while collaboration between the teacher and the school librarian is essential in the design of the database , the [choice] and indexing of information and resources , and the construction and maintenance of a database are usually seen as the tasks of the school librarian .

Approaches to selection , organization and database construction vary according to the day to day timetable of a school library and it is important in selecting a topic to consider the time-scale of the project .
approaches to [choice] , organization and database construction vary according to the day to day timetable of a school library and it is important in selecting a topic to consider the time-scale of the project .

Bibliographic details have been kept to a minimum , with enough for pupils to recognize a book by author , title and classification number from the small selection provided on loan by the local school library service .
bibliographic details have been kept to a minimum , with enough for pupils to recognize a book by author , title and classification number from the small [choice] provided on loan by the local school library service .

Emphasis was placed on encouraging reading at this stage and selection of resources and the use of indexes was minimized .
emphasis was placed on encouraging reading at this stage and [choice] of resources and the use of indexes was minimized .

Other skills involved were the planning of time , the allocation of tasks , drawing up a questionnaire to be used to cover local facilities , telephoning and interviewing local licensees and decision-making in relation to the selection , organization and editing of information gathered .
other skills involved were the planning of time , the allocation of tasks , drawing up a questionnaire to be used to cover local facilities , telephoning and interviewing local licensees and decision-making in relation to the [choice] , organization and editing of information gathered .

The first question which should be asked on this subject is why use microcomputers Is the starting point for the selection of software either ( a ) because in this technological era everyone should know about microcomputers or ( b ) for sound learning aims and objectives ? i.e. do school librarians and teachers start from the skills and processes or because of the existence of software ? It is only in the context of the answers to these questions that relevant and helpful criteria for selection can be developed .
the first question which should be asked on this subject is why use microcomputers is the starting point for the [choice] of software either ( a ) because in this technological era everyone should know about microcomputers or ( b ) for sound learning aims and objectives ? i.e. do school librarians and teachers start from the skills and processes or because of the existence of software ? it is only in the context of the answers to these questions that relevant and helpful criteria for [choice] can be developed .

Primary considerations in the selection of software
primary considerations in the [choice] of software

When evaluating a program for selection , the school librarian teacher should consider how the pupils are to be organized who software will be used .
when evaluating a program for [choice] , the school librarian teacher should consider how the pupils are to be organized who software will be used .

Such factors are considered important when choosing books and audiovisual materials for the school library and are no less important in software selection .
such factors are considered important when choosing books and audiovisual materials for the school library and are no less important in software [choice] .

The selection of software for use in the school library or classroom should be a joint process involving the school library and teachers .
the [choice] of software for use in the school library or classroom should be a joint process involving the school library and teachers .

As with the selection of other materials combination of the teacher 's subject knowledge and awareness subject curricular needs and the school librarian 's bibliographic knowledge and awareness of cross-curricular resource needs s ) ensure that software which is purchased should be relevant 1 pupils .
as with the [choice] of other materials combination of the teacher 's subject knowledge and awareness subject curricular needs and the school librarian 's bibliographic knowledge and awareness of cross-curricular resource needs s ) ensure that software which is purchased should be relevant 1 pupils .

The following case study illustrates some of the points covered above in the selection of appropriate software .
the following case study illustrates some of the points covered above in the [choice] of appropriate software .

Above : Serene scene as a Piper Cub floatplane taxies past a selection of Cessna floatplane variants at the Brennand Seaplane Base , during Oshkosh 92 .
above : serene scene as a piper cub floatplane taxies past a [choice] of cessna floatplane variants at the brennand seaplane base , during oshkosh 92 .

Finally , Thanks to Joo for organising the team selection . Maybe one of you good bodies over the water would fax this to Elland Road with a short message stating who we are and what we want : - ) )
finally , thanks to joo for organising the team [choice] . maybe one of you good bodies over the water would fax this to elland road with a short message stating who we are and what we want : - ) )

a two cable gearshift linkage ( one for selection and the other for shifting ) which improves comfort thanks to its precision , lightness and lack of vibration
a two cable gearshift linkage ( one for [choice] and the other for shifting ) which improves comfort thanks to its precision , lightness and lack of vibration

The reduction in real transport costs and modern distribution systems result in greater import penetration of the domestic market ( for instance , there is a much wider selection of wines available to British consumers ) , resulting in a highly competitive drinks market .
the reduction in real transport costs and modern distribution systems result in greater import penetration of the domestic market ( for instance , there is a much wider [choice] of wines available to british consumers ) , resulting in a highly competitive drinks market .

Celtic 's new manager Lou Macari will work with the players at Seamill tomorrow although he 'll leave team selection to Frank Connor in the meantime .
celtic 's new manager lou macari will work with the players at seamill tomorrow although he 'll leave team [choice] to frank connor in the meantime .

Scotland 's leading jewellers , Edinburgh based Hamilton and Inches , have brought a huge selection of the finest examples of their work to the west end 's Devonshire Gardens .
scotland 's leading jewellers , edinburgh based hamilton and inches , have brought a huge [choice] of the finest examples of their work to the west end 's devonshire gardens .

Planning sets out to achieve a selection of the most suitable pieces of land for particular uses .
planning sets out to achieve a [choice] of the most suitable pieces of land for particular uses .

advising the secretary of state on the selection of buildings for inclusion in the list of buildings of special architectural or historic interest , on the monuments to be added to the schedule of monuments of national importance , and on the designation of areas of archaeological importance ;
advising the secretary of state on the [choice] of buildings for inclusion in the list of buildings of special architectural or historic interest , on the monuments to be added to the schedule of monuments of national importance , and on the designation of areas of archaeological importance ;

Most buildings of 1700 to 1840 , though selection is necessary
most buildings of 1700 to 1840 , though [choice] is necessary

Well another inspired team selection from Wilko has left us 13 points behind the scum , picking Hodge in what must be just about his first outing this year over Rocky resulted in a rather insiped performance from the midfield . Is Wilko trying to prove a point or does he just want rid of Rocky ? ? ?
well another inspired team [choice] from wilko has left us 13 points behind the scum , picking hodge in what must be just about his first outing this year over rocky resulted in a rather insiped performance from the midfield . is wilko trying to prove a point or does he just want rid of rocky ? ? ?

Given that natural selection has not eradicated the disorder , despite its association with suicide , with the possibility of reduced fertility , and impaired efficiency in behaviour , it is likely to have had some value .
given that natural [choice] has not eradicated the disorder , despite its association with suicide , with the possibility of reduced fertility , and impaired efficiency in behaviour , it is likely to have had some value .

Today Wilkinson hit back , explaining that he had picked the best team for the job and claiming his selection was vindicated by a 3–0 win .
today wilkinson hit back , explaining that he had picked the best team for the job and claiming his [choice] was vindicated by a 3–0 win .

Many of the photographs in this book illustrate the use of dye ; a selection , illustrating different dyes and different ways of using them , consists of Figs .
many of the photographs in this book illustrate the use of dye ; a [choice] , illustrating different dyes and different ways of using them , consists of figs .

An introductory placard , for example , tries to distance the gallery from a transcendent notion of history by stressing that exhibits are the product of selection and choice , and therefore representative of the organisors ' views .
an introductory placard , for example , tries to distance the gallery from a transcendent notion of history by stressing that exhibits are the product of [choice] and choice , and therefore representative of the organisors ' views .

Another selection of work , or even a revised version of this one , might make a more plausible case .
another [choice] of work , or even a revised version of this one , might make a more plausible case .

Manchester-based Roxy Walsh is currently showing new work at two venues in the city : with a solo show , Blush , at Cornerhouse and a selection on small works at the Design Centre .
manchester-based roxy walsh is currently showing new work at two venues in the city : with a solo show , blush , at cornerhouse and a [choice] on small works at the design centre .

The initmate scenes she interrogates purport to represent the normal and the everyday but in the selection process she has constructed a cogent version of her ‘ family ’ , aimed at a particular art audience .
the initmate scenes she interrogates purport to represent the normal and the everyday but in the [choice] process she has constructed a cogent version of her ‘ family ’ , aimed at a particular art audience .

The team selection and tactics were a bit dodgy .
the team [choice] and tactics were a bit dodgy .

Subject : Team selection
subject : team [choice]

Can anybody shed even a glimmer of light on the selection strategy ? Mrs. Dorigo ?
can anybody shed even a glimmer of light on the [choice] strategy ? mrs. dorigo ?

Other useful items that are standard kitchen equipment include a wire cooling rack , a selection of whisks and wooden spoons , a good range of sharp knives , a plastic or metal sieve , and a flour shaker for dusting surfaces with icing sugar or cornflour to prevent sticking .
other useful items that are standard kitchen equipment include a wire cooling rack , a [choice] of whisks and wooden spoons , a good range of sharp knives , a plastic or metal sieve , and a flour shaker for dusting surfaces with icing sugar or cornflour to prevent sticking .

In a moderately seasonal environment , in which several species produce lleshy fruits , there might be expected to be selection for a particular species to fruit out of step with the others , and thereby avoid competition with other species for dispersers .
in a moderately seasonal environment , in which several species produce lleshy fruits , there might be expected to be [choice] for a particular species to fruit out of step with the others , and thereby avoid competition with other species for dispersers .

Selection by the different avifaunas seems to have generated these infraspecific differences and the tree species survive in both islands .
[choice] by the different avifaunas seems to have generated these infraspecific differences and the tree species survive in both islands .

In our attempt to understand the diversity of tropical forests , using largely the example of the trees , we have had to take into account all the features of the plant that would appear to reflect the forces of natural selection in terms of physical factors : meteorological , topographical , pedological , and biotic ones .
in our attempt to understand the diversity of tropical forests , using largely the example of the trees , we have had to take into account all the features of the plant that would appear to reflect the forces of natural [choice] in terms of physical factors : meteorological , topographical , pedological , and biotic ones .

Moreover , there is some confusion about the level of selection in that a genetically linked population is composed of particular trees on each of which selection acts , and differing in space and time in terms of biotic neighbourhoods as well as genotypes .
moreover , there is some confusion about the level of [choice] in that a genetically linked population is composed of particular trees on each of which [choice] acts , and differing in space and time in terms of biotic neighbourhoods as well as genotypes .

In the case of hominids , this has traditionally been attributed to selection for hunting efficiency in the Pliocene .
in the case of hominids , this has traditionally been attributed to [choice] for hunting efficiency in the pliocene .

It is interesting to note that among the fruits taken by birds in southern Europe , it has been shown in the case of Smilax aspera ( Liliaceae ) , there is selection in favour of greater pulp : seed ratio ( with a loss in seed numbers ) in those conditions of high competition for dispersers , which , faced with an apparent glut , select the most nutritionally valuable .
it is interesting to note that among the fruits taken by birds in southern europe , it has been shown in the case of smilax aspera ( liliaceae ) , there is [choice] in favour of greater pulp : seed ratio ( with a loss in seed numbers ) in those conditions of high competition for dispersers , which , faced with an apparent glut , select the most nutritionally valuable .

Books on medieval architecture and astrology were next to some good modern novels , a selection of classics , travel and adventure , mysteries , biographies and even poetry .
books on medieval architecture and astrology were next to some good modern novels , a [choice] of classics , travel and adventure , mysteries , biographies and even poetry .

Michele followed her in with steaming bowls of soup , a cheese board , and a selection of fresh fruit .
michele followed her in with steaming bowls of soup , a cheese board , and a [choice] of fresh fruit .

’ She scanned the selection of cassettes eagerly , then smiled up at him .
’ she scanned the [choice] of cassettes eagerly , then smiled up at him .

She settled for lunch at a seafront café — an ice-cold Coke and a selection of tapas .
she settled for lunch at a seafront café — an ice-cold coke and a [choice] of tapas .

After the barbecue , which was accompanied by salad and jacket potatoes , came a sticky almond cake dessert , followed by a selection of local cheeses and fresh fruit .
after the barbecue , which was accompanied by salad and jacket potatoes , came a sticky almond cake dessert , followed by a [choice] of local cheeses and fresh fruit .

1.7 . Selection , Retention , Destruction , and Preservation
1.7 . [choice] , retention , destruction , and preservation

The selection of documents to be saved for posterity is as essential as it has been for the last 30 years ; it is not so much that computers can not store everything ( storage capacities are continuing to develop exponentially ) , as the consideration that to conserve everything makes the past unmanageable and impenetrable .
the [choice] of documents to be saved for posterity is as essential as it has been for the last 30 years ; it is not so much that computers can not store everything ( storage capacities are continuing to develop exponentially ) , as the consideration that to conserve everything makes the past unmanageable and impenetrable .

The functions they provide may include a selection of the following : electronic mail , fax , telex , word processing , records storage and retrieval ( both individual and shared ) , diary scheduling ( people and facilities ) , internal reference information , spreadsheets , access to other applications , and the importing and repackaging of data from other applications .
the functions they provide may include a [choice] of the following : electronic mail , fax , telex , word processing , records storage and retrieval ( both individual and shared ) , diary scheduling ( people and facilities ) , internal reference information , spreadsheets , access to other applications , and the importing and repackaging of data from other applications .

For example , the classification given will relate this document to its virtual folder and series , its retention grouping , allow reference to the provisional duration of different phases of the life cycle , who has what access with what rights , authorship , organisational ownership , information architecture key , and potential archival status ( to name but a selection ! )
for example , the classification given will relate this document to its virtual folder and series , its retention grouping , allow reference to the provisional duration of different phases of the life cycle , who has what access with what rights , authorship , organisational ownership , information architecture key , and potential archival status ( to name but a [choice] ! )

When the product selection has been made some options for managing records may have been made impossible by the operating environment or application software .
when the product [choice] has been made some options for managing records may have been made impossible by the operating environment or application software .

To these issues must be added the allied questions of selection and appraisal .
to these issues must be added the allied questions of [choice] and appraisal .

But if selection is to be made , when should it be done , how and on what principles ?
but if [choice] is to be made , when should it be done , how and on what principles ?

We might ask desk officers to make an initial selection of important records as they come off the live system .
we might ask desk officers to make an initial [choice] of important records as they come off the live system .

An alternative strategy might be for the archivist to get in early in the life of information systems , probably even at the design stage , to imbed selection criteria of some sort into them .
an alternative strategy might be for the archivist to get in early in the life of information systems , probably even at the design stage , to imbed [choice] criteria of some sort into them .

But if selection is to take place , it seems reasonable to attempt to do so on the basis of what an organisation saw as important in its own terms at the time , rather than attempting to apply current research criteria to the process .
but if [choice] is to take place , it seems reasonable to attempt to do so on the basis of what an organisation saw as important in its own terms at the time , rather than attempting to apply current research criteria to the process .

It merely indicates that it is the duty of ‘ every person responsible for public records … to make arrangements for the selection of those records which ought to be permanently preserved and for their safe-keeping ’ .
it merely indicates that it is the duty of ‘ every person responsible for public records … to make arrangements for the [choice] of those records which ought to be permanently preserved and for their safe-keeping ’ .

Thus the need for the Archivist to establish selection standards .
thus the need for the archivist to establish [choice] standards .

Perhaps that pervasive sense of a struggle for existence , a natural selection in which , after all , victory or even survival proved both fitness and the essentially moral qualities which could alone achieve fitness , reflects an adaptation of the old bourgeois ethic to the new situation .
perhaps that pervasive sense of a struggle for existence , a natural [choice] in which , after all , victory or even survival proved both fitness and the essentially moral qualities which could alone achieve fitness , reflects an adaptation of the old bourgeois ethic to the new situation .

Superiority was the result of natural selection , genetically transmitted ( see chapter 14 below ) .
superiority was the result of natural [choice] , genetically transmitted ( see chapter 14 below ) .

Our aristocracy is handsomer ( more hideous according to Chinese or Negro ) than the middle classes , from [ having the ] pick of the women ; but oh , what a shame is primogeniture for destroying Natural Selection !
our aristocracy is handsomer ( more hideous according to chinese or negro ) than the middle classes , from [ having the ] pick of the women ; but oh , what a shame is primogeniture for destroying natural [choice] !

The theory of evolution by natural selection reached out far beyond biology , and therein lies its significance .
the theory of evolution by natural [choice] reached out far beyond biology , and therein lies its significance .

Alfred Russel Wallace ( 1823–1913 ) , who actually discovered the theory of natural selection independently of Darwin and shared its glory with him , came from that tradition of artisan science and radicalism which played so important a part in the early nineteenth century and which found ‘ natural history ’ so congenial .
alfred russel wallace ( 1823–1913 ) , who actually discovered the theory of natural [choice] independently of darwin and shared its glory with him , came from that tradition of artisan science and radicalism which played so important a part in the early nineteenth century and which found ‘ natural history ’ so congenial .

He played a wide selection of roles again .
he played a wide [choice] of roles again .

Matters such as the hiring and firing of staff , the selection of office equipment , filing and costing systems , office layout and design and the formation and maintenance of a good working library are beyond the scope of this book .
matters such as the hiring and firing of staff , the [choice] of office equipment , filing and costing systems , office layout and design and the formation and maintenance of a good working library are beyond the scope of this book .

Where the expert clause establishes the identity of the expert conclusively , it will not be necessary to provide for the selection and appointment of the expert .
where the expert clause establishes the identity of the expert conclusively , it will not be necessary to provide for the [choice] and appointment of the expert .

An independent consultancy , Environmental Resources , has strongly criticized the selection of a site near Sellafield as a possible underground nuclear waste repository .
an independent consultancy , environmental resources , has strongly criticized the [choice] of a site near sellafield as a possible underground nuclear waste repository .

Selection for grammar schools was based on an intelligence test known as the `` Eleven-plus `` examination , taken , as the name suggests , when primary schoolchildren reached the age of 11 , i.e .
[choice] for grammar schools was based on an intelligence test known as the `` eleven-plus `` examination , taken , as the name suggests , when primary schoolchildren reached the age of 11 , i.e .

There are no primaries : candidate selection is an internal matter for the parties .
there are no primaries : candidate [choice] is an internal matter for the parties .

In Britain , unlike the United States , there are no residence requirements : hence , parties enjoy a wider range of choice in the selection of candidates .
in britain , unlike the united states , there are no residence requirements : hence , parties enjoy a wider range of choice in the [choice] of candidates .

In Britain , unlike the United States , there are no primary elections and the selection of a candidate is in practice usually in the hands of a small group of party activists .
in britain , unlike the united states , there are no primary elections and the [choice] of a candidate is in practice usually in the hands of a small group of party activists .

Given that most seats are safe seats for one party or another , this selection is usually tantamount to election .
given that most seats are safe seats for one party or another , this [choice] is usually tantamount to election .

Candidate Selection
candidate [choice]

The researches of both Austin Ranney and Michael Rush have found that , despite the political importance of choosing a candidate , the political views of applicants are not important considerations in the selection process .
the researches of both austin ranney and michael rush have found that , despite the political importance of choosing a candidate , the political views of applicants are not important considerations in the [choice] process .

Selection committees have tended to be influenced by an applicant 's knowledge of the constituency , his or her stature and delivery of speech , and whether there are the makings of a good `` constituency member `` ( one who will represent diligently the interests of constituents ) or , in some cases , of a national figure .
[choice] committees have tended to be influenced by an applicant 's knowledge of the constituency , his or her stature and delivery of speech , and whether there are the makings of a good `` constituency member `` ( one who will represent diligently the interests of constituents ) or , in some cases , of a national figure .

Although the Labour candidates selected are increasingly similar in background to Conservative candidates , the selection procedure in the Labour Party is not quite the same .
although the labour candidates selected are increasingly similar in background to conservative candidates , the [choice] procedure in the labour party is not quite the same .

Instead , a full selection procedure was to be gone through during the lifetime of a Parliament , thus allowing other aspiring candidates to be considered .
instead , a full [choice] procedure was to be gone through during the lifetime of a parliament , thus allowing other aspiring candidates to be considered .

In the Liberal party , selection is by the local party also , with the national party maintaining an approved list of candidates .
in the liberal party , [choice] is by the local party also , with the national party maintaining an approved list of candidates .

In many cases during 1974 , candidate selection took place just before the election campaign got under way .
in many cases during 1974 , candidate [choice] took place just before the election campaign got under way .

Now the selection of pupils was another gamble and they were allocated to us straight from the various flying training schools .
now the [choice] of pupils was another gamble and they were allocated to us straight from the various flying training schools .

The middle part of Figure 1 shows a small selection of the retina enlarged .
the middle part of figure 1 shows a small [choice] of the retina enlarged .

Natural selection is the blind watchmaker , blind because it does not see ahead , does not plan consequences , has no purpose in view .
natural [choice] is the blind watchmaker , blind because it does not see ahead , does not plan consequences , has no purpose in view .

Yet the living results of natural selection overwhelmingly impress us with the appearance of design as if by a master watchmaker , impress us with the illusion of design and planning .
yet the living results of natural [choice] overwhelmingly impress us with the appearance of design as if by a master watchmaker , impress us with the illusion of design and planning .

Given that there is a living to be made at night , and given that alternative daytime trades are thoroughly occupied , natural selection has favoured bats that make a go of the night-hunting trade .
given that there is a living to be made at night , and given that alternative daytime trades are thoroughly occupied , natural [choice] has favoured bats that make a go of the night-hunting trade .

The Sonar and Radar pioneers did n't know it then , but all the world now knows that bats , or rather natural selection working on bats , had perfected the system tens of millions of years earlier , and their `` radar `` achieves feats of detection and navigation that would strike an engineer dumb with admiration .
the sonar and radar pioneers did n't know it then , but all the world now knows that bats , or rather natural [choice] working on bats , had perfected the system tens of millions of years earlier , and their `` radar `` achieves feats of detection and navigation that would strike an engineer dumb with admiration .

But there is a tendency to point to them and say `` It is impossible to believe `` that such complexity , or such perfection , could have evolved by natural selection .
but there is a tendency to point to them and say `` it is impossible to believe `` that such complexity , or such perfection , could have evolved by natural [choice] .

For what it is worth , most modern biologists would n't find it difficult to explain every one of the Bishop 's 35 examples in terms of the theory of natural selection , although not all of them are quite as easy as the polar bears .
for what it is worth , most modern biologists would n't find it difficult to explain every one of the bishop 's 35 examples in terms of the theory of natural [choice] , although not all of them are quite as easy as the polar bears .

The implication is that it is somehow self-evident that anything so wonderful as this could not possibly have evolved by natural selection .
the implication is that it is somehow self-evident that anything so wonderful as this could not possibly have evolved by natural [choice] .

Think , by way of comparison , of the change that man has wrought in a much shorter time by genetic selection of dogs .
think , by way of comparison , of the change that man has wrought in a much shorter time by genetic [choice] of dogs .

The purpose of this chapter is to demonstrate the power of this cumulative selection as a fundamentally nonrandom process .
the purpose of this chapter is to demonstrate the power of this cumulative [choice] as a fundamentally nonrandom process .

The essential difference between single-step selection and cumulative selection is this .
the essential difference between single-step [choice] and cumulative [choice] is this .

In single-step selection the entities selected or sorted , pebbles or whatever they are , are sorted once and for all .
in single-step [choice] the entities selected or sorted , pebbles or whatever they are , are sorted once and for all .

In cumulative selection , on the other hand , they `` reproduce `` ; or in some other way the results of one sieving process are fed into a subsequent sieving , which is fed into … `` and so on .
in cumulative [choice] , on the other hand , they `` reproduce `` ; or in some other way the results of one sieving process are fed into a subsequent sieving , which is fed into … `` and so on .

The entities are subjected to selection of sorting over many `` generations `` in succession .
the entities are subjected to [choice] of sorting over many `` generations `` in succession .

The end-product of one generation of selection is the starting point for the next generation of selection , and so on for many generations .
the end-product of one generation of [choice] is the starting point for the next generation of [choice] , and so on for many generations .

It is natural to borrow such words as `` reproduce `` and `` generation `` , which have associations with living things , because living things are the main examples we know of things that participate in cumulative selection .
it is natural to borrow such words as `` reproduce `` and `` generation `` , which have associations with living things , because living things are the main examples we know of things that participate in cumulative [choice] .

These resemblances come about by single-step selection , that is to say by a single coincidence .
these resemblances come about by single-step [choice] , that is to say by a single coincidence .

We do n't feel overwhelmed by the resemblance , as we are by biological adaptations — the products of cumulative selection .
we do n't feel overwhelmed by the resemblance , as we are by biological adaptations — the products of cumulative [choice] .

So much for single-step selection of random variation .
so much for single-step [choice] of random variation .

What about cumulative selection ; how much more effective should this be ?
what about cumulative [choice] ; how much more effective should this be ?

There is a big difference , then , between cumulative selection ( in which each improvement , however slight , is used as a basis for future building ) , and single-step selection ( in which each new `` try `` is a fresh one ) .
there is a big difference , then , between cumulative [choice] ( in which each improvement , however slight , is used as a basis for future building ) , and single-step [choice] ( in which each new `` try `` is a fresh one ) .

If evolutionary progress had had to rely on single-step selection , it would never have got anywhere .
if evolutionary progress had had to rely on single-step [choice] , it would never have got anywhere .

If , however , there was any way in which the necessary conditions for cumulative selection could have been set up by the blind forces of nature , strange and wonderful might have been the consequences .
if , however , there was any way in which the necessary conditions for cumulative [choice] could have been set up by the blind forces of nature , strange and wonderful might have been the consequences .

The people who do this , often expert in their own field , astronomy or whatever it may be , seem sincerely to believe that Darwinism explains living organization in terms of chance — `` single- step selection `` — alone .
the people who do this , often expert in their own field , astronomy or whatever it may be , seem sincerely to believe that darwinism explains living organization in terms of chance — `` single- step [choice] `` — alone .

Chance is a minor ingredient in the Darwinian recipe , but the most important ingredient is cumulative selection which is quintessentially nonrandom .
chance is a minor ingredient in the darwinian recipe , but the most important ingredient is cumulative [choice] which is quintessentially nonrandom .

Clouds are not capable of entering into cumulative selection .
clouds are not capable of entering into cumulative [choice] .

If there were such a mechanism , if a cloud resembling a weasel or a camel could give rise to a lineage of other clouds of roughly the same shape , cumulative selection would have the opportunity to get going .
if there were such a mechanism , if a cloud resembling a weasel or a camel could give rise to a lineage of other clouds of roughly the same shape , cumulative [choice] would have the opportunity to get going .

Of course , clouds do break up and form `` daughter `` clouds sometimes , but this is n't enough for cumulative selection .
of course , clouds do break up and form `` daughter `` clouds sometimes , but this is n't enough for cumulative [choice] .

This vitally important point is apparently misunderstood by some of the philosophers who have , in recent years , taken an interest in the theory of natural selection .
this vitally important point is apparently misunderstood by some of the philosophers who have , in recent years , taken an interest in the theory of natural [choice] .

Although the monkey/Shakespeare model is useful for explaining the distinction between single-step selection and cumulative selection , it is misleading in important ways .
although the monkey/shakespeare model is useful for explaining the distinction between single-step [choice] and cumulative [choice] , it is misleading in important ways .

Maybe we shall even see animal-like shapes evolving in the computer , by cumulative selection of mutant forms .
maybe we shall even see animal-like shapes evolving in the computer , by cumulative [choice] of mutant forms .

We want them to emerge solely as a result of cumulative selection of random mutations .
we want them to emerge solely as a result of cumulative [choice] of random mutations .

Our model , in other words , is strictly a model of artificial selection , not natural selection .
our model , in other words , is strictly a model of artificial [choice] , not natural [choice] .

The criterion for `` success `` is not the direct criterion of survival , as it is in true natural selection .
the criterion for `` success `` is not the direct criterion of survival , as it is in true natural [choice] .

In true natural selection , if a body has what it takes to survive , its genes automatically survive because they are inside it .
in true natural [choice] , if a body has what it takes to survive , its genes automatically survive because they are inside it .

In the computer models , on the other hand , the selection criterion is not survival , but the ability to appeal to human whim .
in the computer models , on the other hand , the [choice] criterion is not survival , but the ability to appeal to human whim .

This , too , is not unlike certain kinds of natural selection .
this , too , is not unlike certain kinds of natural [choice] .

It shows us the power of cumulative selection to generate an almost endless variety of quasi-biological form , but it uses artificial selection , not natural selection .
it shows us the power of cumulative [choice] to generate an almost endless variety of quasi-biological form , but it uses artificial [choice] , not natural [choice] .

But natural selection does n't choose genes directly , it chooses the effects that genes have on bodies , technically called phenotypic effects .
but natural [choice] does n't choose genes directly , it chooses the effects that genes have on bodies , technically called phenotypic effects .

One method would be to program the computer to remember the kinds of qualities that humans have favoured in the past , and to exert continued selection of the same general kind in the future .
one method would be to program the computer to remember the kinds of qualities that humans have favoured in the past , and to exert continued [choice] of the same general kind in the future .

But this is n't getting us any closer to simulating natural selection .
but this is n't getting us any closer to simulating natural [choice] .

Of course , the reasons for survival are anything but simple — that is why natural selection can build up animals and plants of such formidable complexity .
of course , the reasons for survival are anything but simple — that is why natural [choice] can build up animals and plants of such formidable complexity .

To simulate natural selection in an interesting way in the computer , we should forget about rococo ornamentation and all other visually defined qualities .
to simulate natural [choice] in an interesting way in the computer , we should forget about rococo ornamentation and all other visually defined qualities .

Cumulative selection , whether artificial selection as in the computer model or natural selection out there in the real world , is an efficient searching procedure , and its consequences look very like creative intelligence .
cumulative [choice] , whether artificial [choice] as in the computer model or natural [choice] out there in the real world , is an efficient searching procedure , and its consequences look very like creative intelligence .

The computer biomorph models make these points well , and they constitute an instructive bridge between human creative processes , such as planning a winning strategy at chess , and the evolutionary creativity of natural selection , the blind watchmaker .
the computer biomorph models make these points well , and they constitute an instructive bridge between human creative processes , such as planning a winning strategy at chess , and the evolutionary creativity of natural [choice] , the blind watchmaker .

Notice that it does n't help us to assume that there is a powerful nonrandom `` selection pressure `` .
notice that it does n't help us to assume that there is a powerful nonrandom `` [choice] pressure `` .

We use the word `` mimicry `` for these cases , not because we think that the animals consciously imitate other things , but because natural selection has favoured those individuals whose bodies were mistaken for other things .
we use the word `` mimicry `` for these cases , not because we think that the animals consciously imitate other things , but because natural [choice] has favoured those individuals whose bodies were mistaken for other things .

The German-American geneticist Richard Goldschmidt is the most distinguished of those who have argued that the early evolution of such resemblances could not have been favoured by natural selection .
the german-american geneticist richard goldschmidt is the most distinguished of those who have argued that the early evolution of such resemblances could not have been favoured by natural [choice] .

The final multifaceted perfection of mimicry has been put together by the summed natural selection provided by many different species of predators .
the final multifaceted perfection of mimicry has been put together by the summed natural [choice] provided by many different species of predators .

Natural selection would surely eliminate creatures with such oddities , not preserve them . ``
natural [choice] would surely eliminate creatures with such oddities , not preserve them . ``

Natural selection will then favour slight , prototype wingflaps .
natural [choice] will then favour slight , prototype wingflaps .

Natural selection could easily have enhanced this faculty by gradual degrees until it was sensitive enough to pick up very slight contact vibrations .
natural [choice] could easily have enhanced this faculty by gradual degrees until it was sensitive enough to pick up very slight contact vibrations .

Natural selection would then favour the evolution of special organs — ears — for picking up airborne vibrations originating from steadily increasing distances .
natural [choice] would then favour the evolution of special organs — ears — for picking up airborne vibrations originating from steadily increasing distances .

It is all the more striking a testimony to the power of natural selection , therefore , that numerous examples can be found in real nature , in which independent lines of evolution appear to have converged , from very different starting points , on what looks very like the same endpoint .
it is all the more striking a testimony to the power of natural [choice] , therefore , that numerous examples can be found in real nature , in which independent lines of evolution appear to have converged , from very different starting points , on what looks very like the same endpoint .

The Trades Union Congress therefore argues that workers ' representatives need to influence the design and selection of systems of production .
the trades union congress therefore argues that workers ' representatives need to influence the design and [choice] of systems of production .

In Britain , to date , there has been little experience of union influence over selection amongst the technical and social options for information technology .
in britain , to date , there has been little experience of union influence over [choice] amongst the technical and social options for information technology .

Citation ( and to some extent free indirect speech ) , though in a sense mediated through embedding , selection and recontextualisation , creates the illusion of unmediated access to other arguments .
citation ( and to some extent free indirect speech ) , though in a sense mediated through embedding , [choice] and recontextualisation , creates the illusion of unmediated access to other arguments .

The following is a selection from Allegories of Reading of propositions implicated in this oscillation between the poles of paraphrase and free-standing theory : Each of these propositions is demonstrably embedded in the same ambiguous modality as de Man 's presentation of Proust .
the following is a [choice] from allegories of reading of propositions implicated in this oscillation between the poles of paraphrase and free-standing theory : each of these propositions is demonstrably embedded in the same ambiguous modality as de man 's presentation of proust .

The underlying motivation behind this selection was that of all the sentences this was the one which provided the neatest summary of the entire story .
the underlying motivation behind this [choice] was that of all the sentences this was the one which provided the neatest summary of the entire story .

In spite of this justification , however , some groups still expressed misgivings about the selection of ( i ) as an opening .
in spite of this justification , however , some groups still expressed misgivings about the [choice] of ( i ) as an opening .

In this regard , perhaps the most significant point of agreement between the two versions is the correct selection of sentence ( i ) by the students as an opening : Interestingly , this sentence , in the context of the story as a whole , satisfies the criteria for a well-formed Abstract .
in this regard , perhaps the most significant point of agreement between the two versions is the correct [choice] of sentence ( i ) by the students as an opening : interestingly , this sentence , in the context of the story as a whole , satisfies the criteria for a well-formed abstract .

There was also substantial cross-group agreement on the selection of this feature , with most groups arguing that the 'summarising `` nature of this sentence made it a strong candidate for an opening to the story .
there was also substantial cross-group agreement on the [choice] of this feature , with most groups arguing that the 'summarising `` nature of this sentence made it a strong candidate for an opening to the story .

Come and enjoy the wide selection of original crafts — from pottery , jewellery , tapestries and silks , to hand-turned wood , clothes sculptures and much more .
come and enjoy the wide [choice] of original crafts — from pottery , jewellery , tapestries and silks , to hand-turned wood , clothes sculptures and much more .

You 'll find inexpensive souvenirs rubbing shoulders with holograms and plasma spheres , a wide choice of books and a selection of specially designed scientific goodies .
you 'll find inexpensive souvenirs rubbing shoulders with holograms and plasma spheres , a wide choice of books and a [choice] of specially designed scientific goodies .

Shown here is a very small selection which will change from time to time .
shown here is a very small [choice] which will change from time to time .

, the most popular of all the Boulestin books , containing a large selection of recipes plus a sample luncheon and dinner menu for each month of the year .
, the most popular of all the boulestin books , containing a large [choice] of recipes plus a sample luncheon and dinner menu for each month of the year .

In any French town of any size at all we find perhaps three or four rival charcutiers displaying trays of shining olives , black and green , large and small , pickled gherkins , capers , home-made mayonnaise grated carrot salad , shredded celeriac in rémoulade sauce , several sorts of tomato salad , sweet-sour onions , champignons à la Grecque , ox or pig 's muzzle finely sliced and dressed with a vinaigrette sauce and fresh parsley , a salad of mussels , another of cervelas sausage ; several kinds of pork pâté ; sausages for grilling , sausages for boiling , sausages for hors-d'oeuvre , flat sausages called cré pinettes for baking or frying , salt pork to enrich stews and soups and vegetable dishes , pigs ' trotters ready cooked and breadcrumbed , so that all you need to do is to take them home and grill them ; cooked ham , raw ham , a galantine of tongue , cold pork and veal roasts , boned stuffed ducks and chickens So it is n't difficult for the housewife in a hurry to buy a little selection , however modest , of these things from the charcuterie , and plus her own imagination and something she has perhaps already in the larder to serve an appetizing and fresh little mixed hors-d'oeuvre .
in any french town of any size at all we find perhaps three or four rival charcutiers displaying trays of shining olives , black and green , large and small , pickled gherkins , capers , home-made mayonnaise grated carrot salad , shredded celeriac in rémoulade sauce , several sorts of tomato salad , sweet-sour onions , champignons à la grecque , ox or pig 's muzzle finely sliced and dressed with a vinaigrette sauce and fresh parsley , a salad of mussels , another of cervelas sausage ; several kinds of pork pâté ; sausages for grilling , sausages for boiling , sausages for hors-d'oeuvre , flat sausages called cré pinettes for baking or frying , salt pork to enrich stews and soups and vegetable dishes , pigs ' trotters ready cooked and breadcrumbed , so that all you need to do is to take them home and grill them ; cooked ham , raw ham , a galantine of tongue , cold pork and veal roasts , boned stuffed ducks and chickens so it is n't difficult for the housewife in a hurry to buy a little [choice] , however modest , of these things from the charcuterie , and plus her own imagination and something she has perhaps already in the larder to serve an appetizing and fresh little mixed hors-d'oeuvre .

But their behaviour under this range of conditions and despite differing genetic origins , is essentially similar , as it is in the abundant free-living herds where only minimal management ( usually stallion selection ) is practised .
but their behaviour under this range of conditions and despite differing genetic origins , is essentially similar , as it is in the abundant free-living herds where only minimal management ( usually stallion [choice] ) is practised .

The question that remains is why selection favours smaller females .
the question that remains is why [choice] favours smaller females .

One of his top priorities was the selection and training of his apostles — that inner circle of his disciples who were to preserve and pass on his teaching .
one of his top priorities was the [choice] and training of his apostles — that inner circle of his disciples who were to preserve and pass on his teaching .

This particular selection of laws is influenced by Israel 's recent idol-worship , also by the coming temptations of Canaanite religion .
this particular [choice] of laws is influenced by israel 's recent idol-worship , also by the coming temptations of canaanite religion .

With luck this wretched selection of `` heroes `` would be given the soft pedal an indistinct crowd of corpses and a few grateful faces , cannons and prancing horses would be best .
with luck this wretched [choice] of `` heroes `` would be given the soft pedal an indistinct crowd of corpses and a few grateful faces , cannons and prancing horses would be best .

He called the book in which he set out his theory in detail , The Origin of Species by Means of Natural Selection or the Preservation of Favoured Races in the Struggle for Life .
he called the book in which he set out his theory in detail , the origin of species by means of natural [choice] or the preservation of favoured races in the struggle for life .

Since that time , the theory of natural selection has been debated and tested , refined , qualified and elaborated .
since that time , the theory of natural [choice] has been debated and tested , refined , qualified and elaborated .

One of the problems which Lloyd and Beveridge ( 1981 ) identified as giving rise to poor performance on the part of young receivers of messages was the phenomenon they referred to as ‘ premature selection ’ .
one of the problems which lloyd and beveridge ( 1981 ) identified as giving rise to poor performance on the part of young receivers of messages was the phenomenon they referred to as ‘ premature [choice] ’ .

Listed here are just a selection of the major events taking place for you to enjoy on your Warm Hearted Weekend in the Big Heart of England .
listed here are just a [choice] of the major events taking place for you to enjoy on your warm hearted weekend in the big heart of england .

Quite apart from Faber business , he had to settle down and write prefaces for three books as well ( one of them for his own selection of Pounds literary essays ) .
quite apart from faber business , he had to settle down and write prefaces for three books as well ( one of them for his own [choice] of pounds literary essays ) .

Bangles , Natural Selection
bangles , natural [choice]

The selection of Windsor chairs at the Chair Museum in High Wycombe provided inspiration for Jonathan Chappell 's lath-back version , which , he explains , can be made using only a lathe , bandsaw and hand-tools
the [choice] of windsor chairs at the chair museum in high wycombe provided inspiration for jonathan chappell 's lath-back version , which , he explains , can be made using only a lathe , bandsaw and hand-tools

The destruction of old furniture and structural timber is as horrendous a thought to many woodworkers as the burning of the rainforests . John Revell reports on how to salvage timber , and finds a selection of sources
the destruction of old furniture and structural timber is as horrendous a thought to many woodworkers as the burning of the rainforests . john revell reports on how to salvage timber , and finds a [choice] of sources

On the timber side , an enormous selection of old doors ranging from the 17th century to Art Deco is available .
on the timber side , an enormous [choice] of old doors ranging from the 17th century to art deco is available .

This selection of winning tools includes a 20in Short cut saw for each runner up .
this [choice] of winning tools includes a 20in short cut saw for each runner up .

Selection of a partner may be based in the first place largely on feeling for or about a parent .
[choice] of a partner may be based in the first place largely on feeling for or about a parent .

Air France gained many improvements to their airline training programme by allowing them to : significantly reduce the duration of the training cycle , reduce the time between hiring the pilot and the point at which he is qualified for jet operations by at least one year , reduce type conversion hours by at least 10% , and make an improvement in the selection of pilots by providing a better assessment of trainee ability for heavy or medium jet aircraft .
air france gained many improvements to their airline training programme by allowing them to : significantly reduce the duration of the training cycle , reduce the time between hiring the pilot and the point at which he is qualified for jet operations by at least one year , reduce type conversion hours by at least 10% , and make an improvement in the [choice] of pilots by providing a better assessment of trainee ability for heavy or medium jet aircraft .

This implies two criteria of relevance for the selection of stylistic features : a literary criterion and a linguistic criterion .
this implies two criteria of relevance for the [choice] of stylistic features : a literary criterion and a linguistic criterion .

The reliance on `` intuitive observation `` in selection means that a heavy burden falls on the reader 's training in the art of alert reading , and of responding to linguistic and other cues .
the reliance on `` intuitive observation `` in [choice] means that a heavy burden falls on the reader 's training in the art of alert reading , and of responding to linguistic and other cues .

In analysing these three passages in terms of a selection of their stylistic features , we have no doubt lost a great deal by isolating them from their literary context .
in analysing these three passages in terms of a [choice] of their stylistic features , we have no doubt lost a great deal by isolating them from their literary context .

Our final task in this chapter is to bring together , for reference , a selection of the quantitative data by which the stylistic analysis of our three passages is supported .
our final task in this chapter is to bring together , for reference , a [choice] of the quantitative data by which the stylistic analysis of our three passages is supported .

The systematic analysis and design of learning sequences , based on a careful examination of objectives and constraints , and utilizing a chosen selection from all available methods and resources according to their suitability ; the systems approach to teaching and learning ; a theory based upon this .
the systematic analysis and design of learning sequences , based on a careful examination of objectives and constraints , and utilizing a chosen [choice] from all available methods and resources according to their suitability ; the systems approach to teaching and learning ; a theory based upon this .

In both Britain and America , the educational preparation of librarians includes all these aspects and more , although individual librarians naturally tend to specialize in depth in only a selection .
in both britain and america , the educational preparation of librarians includes all these aspects and more , although individual librarians naturally tend to specialize in depth in only a [choice] .

Of the considerations governing the selection of constituency candidates by one of the major Irish parties the most cogent could be called the `` seniority factor `` .
of the considerations governing the [choice] of constituency candidates by one of the major irish parties the most cogent could be called the `` seniority factor `` .

No long experience of membership of a constituency party is necessary to enable one to guess that the selection of Irish candidates does not always proceed smoothly .
no long experience of membership of a constituency party is necessary to enable one to guess that the [choice] of irish candidates does not always proceed smoothly .

Besides the seniority factor and the locality factor , and to some extent coinciding with them , is a third which influences the selection of candidates : the `` numerical factor `` .
besides the seniority factor and the locality factor , and to some extent coinciding with them , is a third which influences the [choice] of candidates : the `` numerical factor `` .

The selection of candidates
the [choice] of candidates

In West Germany the requirements for the selection of constituency candidates apply also , mutatis mutandis , to the selection of list candidates , with the important additional stipulation that the ranking of these must like their nomination be decided by secret ballot : again , an example that United Kingdom electoral law should follow .
in west germany the requirements for the [choice] of constituency candidates apply also , mutatis mutandis , to the [choice] of list candidates , with the important additional stipulation that the ranking of these must like their nomination be decided by secret ballot : again , an example that united kingdom electoral law should follow .

Besides , primaries used for the selection and ranking of persons proposed for inclusion in party lists would be open to much the same objections as were raised earlier in these pages against choice by the electorate at large among candidates who actually figure in those lists .
besides , primaries used for the [choice] and ranking of persons proposed for inclusion in party lists would be open to much the same objections as were raised earlier in these pages against choice by the electorate at large among candidates who actually figure in those lists .

Only thus can the selection and ranking of candidates be rationally managed , the nomination of the second candidate being approved in full awareness of the selection of the first , the nomination of the third being approved after the selection of the first two , and so on .
only thus can the [choice] and ranking of candidates be rationally managed , the nomination of the second candidate being approved in full awareness of the [choice] of the first , the nomination of the third being approved after the [choice] of the first two , and so on .

The Profitboss has the best recruitment and selection process .
the profitboss has the best recruitment and [choice] process .

If you have to make a selection decision , for example , what information do you require and how do you research it ? Are there better ways ?
if you have to make a [choice] decision , for example , what information do you require and how do you research it ? are there better ways ?

Liz sees the profit in investing two days ' selection time to hire a top-flight sales person .
liz sees the profit in investing two days ' [choice] time to hire a top-flight sales person .

Darwin 's theory of natural selection applies to business and recruitment .
darwin 's theory of natural [choice] applies to business and recruitment .

Find time today to start gearing your selection process to finding the best .
find time today to start gearing your [choice] process to finding the best .

It is a key to his selection process , a key to the training he undertakes , a key to his overall process of management .
it is a key to his [choice] process , a key to the training he undertakes , a key to his overall process of management .

Such men owed their positions to the constant manipulation of the party machinery — and so confirmed the worst of Ostrogorski 's fears ; they sat on every local committee , raised money for the local party , decided the selection of candidates and kept their fingers firmly on the local pulse .
such men owed their positions to the constant manipulation of the party machinery — and so confirmed the worst of ostrogorski 's fears ; they sat on every local committee , raised money for the local party , decided the [choice] of candidates and kept their fingers firmly on the local pulse .

The effect of this was that Central Office , for all its generosity , did not have much control over the selection of candidates in places where the man selected might actually win , and this did not change much before 1914 .
the effect of this was that central office , for all its generosity , did not have much control over the [choice] of candidates in places where the man selected might actually win , and this did not change much before 1914 .

Nothing better illustrates the social balance in the party and the fierce independence of the local parties than the argument about the selection of working-class candidates .
nothing better illustrates the social balance in the party and the fierce independence of the local parties than the argument about the [choice] of working-class candidates .

It has a broad village green , a Post Office stores and a good selection of pubs and cafes .
it has a broad village green , a post office stores and a good [choice] of pubs and cafes .

Criteria for student selection had become increasingly `` merit `` based and the social constituency from which they were drawn widened slightly .
criteria for student [choice] had become increasingly `` merit `` based and the social constituency from which they were drawn widened slightly .

Unsurprisingly , given this position , he is insistent that Anglo-Saxon and philology be retained as essential features of English studies , even in the light of the growth of the discipline : `` Our first responsibility is to our subject , and , as that expands , we must not look for more ingenious methods of selection but for more time to do it justice .
unsurprisingly , given this position , he is insistent that anglo-saxon and philology be retained as essential features of english studies , even in the light of the growth of the discipline : `` our first responsibility is to our subject , and , as that expands , we must not look for more ingenious methods of [choice] but for more time to do it justice .

What has not been substantially deflected , however , is the practical assumption ( in teaching , if not in theory ) of an unchanging literary essence which is taken to inhere within some or other selection of English texts , irrespective of any introduction of parallel , contextual , or complementary studies .
what has not been substantially deflected , however , is the practical assumption ( in teaching , if not in theory ) of an unchanging literary essence which is taken to inhere within some or other [choice] of english texts , irrespective of any introduction of parallel , contextual , or complementary studies .

Auto Reselect — Selection of players can be manual or automatic .
auto reselect — [choice] of players can be manual or automatic .

The icing on the scrummy cake is the brilliant pre-match options menu , offering the selection of your squad , any of the eight national teams , a full tournament , lots of control options , two-player games and , as they say in cruddy Christmas album adverts , much much more !
the icing on the scrummy cake is the brilliant pre-match options menu , offering the [choice] of your squad , any of the eight national teams , a full tournament , lots of control options , two-player games and , as they say in cruddy christmas album adverts , much much more !

There 's even a choice of two ‘ pitches ’ ( the park or backstreet ) and selection of streetwise players .
there 's even a choice of two ‘ pitches ’ ( the park or backstreet ) and [choice] of streetwise players .

The second volume is illustrated with a judicious selection of new and archival photographs so that past and present states of individual works can be compared , but the bulk of the volume contains over 500 documents with commentary so that the primary sources can now be easily consulted .
the second volume is illustrated with a judicious [choice] of new and archival photographs so that past and present states of individual works can be compared , but the bulk of the volume contains over 500 documents with commentary so that the primary sources can now be easily consulted .

Museum purchasing shifted away from the earlier insistence by private collectors on masterpieces , towards the art-historical importance of the paintings , and selection tended to veer towards works which ‘ they were unlikely to receive by gift ’ from private donors .
museum purchasing shifted away from the earlier insistence by private collectors on masterpieces , towards the art-historical importance of the paintings , and [choice] tended to veer towards works which ‘ they were unlikely to receive by gift ’ from private donors .

Jason McCoy shows architectural studies by Frederick Kiesler , the Austrian-American visionary , for his ‘ The Shrine of the Book ’ museum in Jerusalem while , a few floors below , Andre Emmerich presents black-and-white drawings by Al Held , Jack Tworkov , Hans Hoffmann and others ( both shows until the 26th ) while the selection of tabletop sculptures and drawings by nearly forty sculptors continues on well into July .
jason mccoy shows architectural studies by frederick kiesler , the austrian-american visionary , for his ‘ the shrine of the book ’ museum in jerusalem while , a few floors below , andre emmerich presents black-and-white drawings by al held , jack tworkov , hans hoffmann and others ( both shows until the 26th ) while the [choice] of tabletop sculptures and drawings by nearly forty sculptors continues on well into july .

If your curiosity is piqued , visit the Krashaar Galleries after the 10th and you will find there a selection of drawings by these two pioneering members of New York 's Ashcan School .
if your curiosity is piqued , visit the krashaar galleries after the 10th and you will find there a [choice] of drawings by these two pioneering members of new york 's ashcan school .

The Galerie Pels-Leusden marks the 125th anniversary of the birth of Käthe Kollwitz with a wide-ranging exhibition of her graphic works , drawings and a selection of sculptures .
the galerie pels-leusden marks the 125th anniversary of the birth of käthe kollwitz with a wide-ranging exhibition of her graphic works , drawings and a [choice] of sculptures .

Paszti-Bott 's Conceptualist roster is impeccable it includes such artists as Hans-Peter Adamski , Peter Bömmels , Walter Dahn , Martin Gostner , Martin Kippenberger and Jürgen Klauke yet selection of works is guided by a rare concern for materials and aesthetic values that flouts the Deconstructive ban on real presences .
paszti-bott 's conceptualist roster is impeccable it includes such artists as hans-peter adamski , peter bömmels , walter dahn , martin gostner , martin kippenberger and jürgen klauke yet [choice] of works is guided by a rare concern for materials and aesthetic values that flouts the deconstructive ban on real presences .

His selection , drawing upon Waddington 's great reserve , includes a painted plaster ‘ Mother and child ’ ( 1932 ) , an abstracted figure in lead ( 1939 ) and two bronze stringed figures ( 1937 and 1939 ) .
his [choice] , drawing upon waddington 's great reserve , includes a painted plaster ‘ mother and child ’ ( 1932 ) , an abstracted figure in lead ( 1939 ) and two bronze stringed figures ( 1937 and 1939 ) .

Selection of spinners is a problem for many counties .
[choice] of spinners is a problem for many counties .

The Press is also blamed for undue influence on selection ( though surely this is the fault of those who allow themselves to be influenced ? )
the press is also blamed for undue influence on [choice] ( though surely this is the fault of those who allow themselves to be influenced ? )

It would be helpful if a selection of the published close-dated groups was to be made available in microfilm or microfiche .
it would be helpful if a [choice] of the published close-dated groups was to be made available in microfilm or microfiche .

Their selection spreads over Sickert 's entire career , ranging through his music hall and theatre subjects , his studies of Venice and Dieppe and his later pictures which were based upon photographs .
their [choice] spreads over sickert 's entire career , ranging through his music hall and theatre subjects , his studies of venice and dieppe and his later pictures which were based upon photographs .

Of these , ironically , the grandest of all Scottish interiors , Hamilton Palace , was stripped and demolished , but is recorded by a small selection of photographs here .
of these , ironically , the grandest of all scottish interiors , hamilton palace , was stripped and demolished , but is recorded by a small [choice] of photographs here .

Divided into forty-four short chapters and illustrated by a large selection of good colour reproductions , it offers a convincing explanation of the artist 's apparently inexplicable imagery by reference to his biography and to source material which ranges from Egyptian and Greek sculpture to Quattrocento frescoes , Symbolist pictures of the nineteenth century , film stills , pulp fiction , popular postcards and encyclopaedia illustrations .
divided into forty-four short chapters and illustrated by a large [choice] of good colour reproductions , it offers a convincing explanation of the artist 's apparently inexplicable imagery by reference to his biography and to source material which ranges from egyptian and greek sculpture to quattrocento frescoes , symbolist pictures of the nineteenth century , film stills , pulp fiction , popular postcards and encyclopaedia illustrations .

They 've also got up a selection of works by contemporary Latin American artists .
they 've also got up a [choice] of works by contemporary latin american artists .

At Gagosian , from 5 November to 9 January , a selection of ‘ Ocean Parks ’ from the years between 1965 and 1985 are on view , some of them on loan from museums ( Yale , the Metropolitan , MoMA ) and some from private collections .
at gagosian , from 5 november to 9 january , a [choice] of ‘ ocean parks ’ from the years between 1965 and 1985 are on view , some of them on loan from museums ( yale , the metropolitan , moma ) and some from private collections .

Until the end of the month a selection of them spanning a forty-year period may be seen at Matthew Marks .
until the end of the month a [choice] of them spanning a forty-year period may be seen at matthew marks .

His selection contains compositional studies for the Burghclere Chapel and ‘ The Marriage at Cana ’ as well as a fine pencil self-portrait ( 1931 ) .
his [choice] contains compositional studies for the burghclere chapel and ‘ the marriage at cana ’ as well as a fine pencil self-portrait ( 1931 ) .

Titled ‘ The New Democratic Pictures ’ , a selection of which were previewed at the Aarhus Kunstmuseum in Denmark in September , they feature the first nude portraits of the artists .
titled ‘ the new democratic pictures ’ , a [choice] of which were previewed at the aarhus kunstmuseum in denmark in september , they feature the first nude portraits of the artists .

Too encyclopaedic to enumerate fully here , the selection has always been based upon Stünke 's personal feeling for quality .
too encyclopaedic to enumerate fully here , the [choice] has always been based upon stünke 's personal feeling for quality .

Topics to be covered are : Developing a Communication Strategy , Analysing Audiences , Media Selection , Mass Media and Small Group Communication .
topics to be covered are : developing a communication strategy , analysing audiences , media [choice] , mass media and small group communication .

Considerable practical implications derive from a selection between these rival explanations of the enforceability of contracts .
considerable practical implications derive from a [choice] between these rival explanations of the enforceability of contracts .

To enable you to visit a selection of the most famous or unusual museums in the city .
to enable you to visit a [choice] of the most famous or unusual museums in the city .

The Rembrandt Exhibition will be held at the Rijksmuseum , the home of the Night Watch , and will consist of 40 superb paintings by the master and a large selection of drawings and prints .
the rembrandt exhibition will be held at the rijksmuseum , the home of the night watch , and will consist of 40 superb paintings by the master and a large [choice] of drawings and prints .

Both ships offer a fine selection of restaurants and bars as well as a cinema , casino , night club/disco and shops .
both ships offer a fine [choice] of restaurants and bars as well as a cinema , casino , night club/disco and shops .

Choose from our wide selection of coach , rail , car and air holidays .
choose from our wide [choice] of coach , rail , car and air holidays .

High Class Hotel Selection
high class hotel [choice]

The hotel boasts a wide selection of facilities : the 18th century vicarage which has been preserved and is now the ‘ Pastorie ’ bar within the Atrium , 2 restaurants — ‘ De Palmboom ’ offering an assortment of dishes all day and an à la carte restaurant , ‘ LaxenOxen ’ , specialising in beef and fresh salmon dishes .
the hotel boasts a wide [choice] of facilities : the 18th century vicarage which has been preserved and is now the ‘ pastorie ’ bar within the atrium , 2 restaurants — ‘ de palmboom ’ offering an assortment of dishes all day and an à la carte restaurant , ‘ laxenoxen ’ , specialising in beef and fresh salmon dishes .

Our exclusive Museum Pass which entitles you to free entrance to a selection of Amsterdam 's popular and interesting museums .
our exclusive museum pass which entitles you to free entrance to a [choice] of amsterdam 's popular and interesting museums .

Throughout the year members will receive regular up-dates on all the coming Jazz events , in and around the Dutch capital with special holidays being offered to a selection of the major festivals .
throughout the year members will receive regular up-dates on all the coming jazz events , in and around the dutch capital with special holidays being offered to a [choice] of the major festivals .

Featured below is a sample selection of the range of hotels available , to give you an overall impression of the high standards offered in The Hague area .
featured below is a sample [choice] of the range of hotels available , to give you an overall impression of the high standards offered in the hague area .

The best way to see the City is from the canals and we have included a ‘ Canal Bus ’ Pass , valid for the whole day around the famous canals ; this pass allows you to get off and on at a selection of stops for you to explore the city .
the best way to see the city is from the canals and we have included a ‘ canal bus ’ pass , valid for the whole day around the famous canals ; this pass allows you to get off and on at a [choice] of stops for you to explore the city .

Caro has taken personal responsibility for the selection of the sculptures which have been chosen to complement the markets ' strong architectural identity .
caro has taken personal responsibility for the [choice] of the sculptures which have been chosen to complement the markets ' strong architectural identity .

Ten years later , in 1986 , Larry Gagosian showed a selection of the White and the Black Paintings in his gallery in New York .
ten years later , in 1986 , larry gagosian showed a [choice] of the white and the black paintings in his gallery in new york .

The gallery above the ramp is divided into five distinct spaces for the Impressionist paintings inspired by Renoir and dating from after 1940 , the ‘ vache ’ paintings which occupied the artist briefly in 1948 and were the subject of a recent reassessment by Bernard Blistene , Director of the Musées de Marseilles , the rock or stone paintings , an important selection of gouaches and works on paper , and Magritte 's painted bottles and other objects .
the gallery above the ramp is divided into five distinct spaces for the impressionist paintings inspired by renoir and dating from after 1940 , the ‘ vache ’ paintings which occupied the artist briefly in 1948 and were the subject of a recent reassessment by bernard blistene , director of the musées de marseilles , the rock or stone paintings , an important [choice] of gouaches and works on paper , and magritte 's painted bottles and other objects .

The selection of early Adoration studies , those associated with the Anghiari commission , and a chronologically varied series of grotesque heads are particularly noteworthy .
the [choice] of early adoration studies , those associated with the anghiari commission , and a chronologically varied series of grotesque heads are particularly noteworthy .

Indeed , this is the most extensive selection of Leonardo 's drawings for the ‘ Battle of Anghiari ’ ever displayed together .
indeed , this is the most extensive [choice] of leonardo 's drawings for the ‘ battle of anghiari ’ ever displayed together .

Carefully thought out , it lists all of Leger 's exhibitions , but , more importantly , reproduces in colour a large selection of the finest paintings which have passed through their hands .
carefully thought out , it lists all of leger 's exhibitions , but , more importantly , reproduces in colour a large [choice] of the finest paintings which have passed through their hands .

Perhaps the most beautiful in this selection are the two Zoffany conversation pieces , ‘ The Blair Family ’ and the Willoughby de Broke picture , now possibly on its way to the Tate .
perhaps the most beautiful in this [choice] are the two zoffany conversation pieces , ‘ the blair family ’ and the willoughby de broke picture , now possibly on its way to the tate .

And the father of them all David Smith is represented by a selection of sculptures all this month ( and next , too ) at Knoedler .
and the father of them all david smith is represented by a [choice] of sculptures all this month ( and next , too ) at knoedler .

New paintings by Julian Schnabel manage to fill both of Pace gallery 's spaces this month ( the 57th Stret show until 30 May and the Greene Street one until 5 June ) , and works by Georg Baselitz may also be seen at two places : works from the Seventies are at Michael Werner until 6 June and a selection of watercolours , pastels and drawings at Matthew Marks ( 2 May–26 June ) .
new paintings by julian schnabel manage to fill both of pace gallery 's spaces this month ( the 57th stret show until 30 may and the greene street one until 5 june ) , and works by georg baselitz may also be seen at two places : works from the seventies are at michael werner until 6 june and a [choice] of watercolours , pastels and drawings at matthew marks ( 2 may–26 june ) .

This two-day sale of old master and modern prints includes a large selection of German engravings from the fifteenth and early sixteenth centuries .
this two-day sale of old master and modern prints includes a large [choice] of german engravings from the fifteenth and early sixteenth centuries .

Against this background of shifting perceptions , Whitney curator , Richard Marshall , has launched a bid for reappraisal with a selection of more than 150 paintings and works on paper strongly favouring the imaginative achievement of 1981–83 , and excluding those collaborations made with Andy Warhol in 1985 .
against this background of shifting perceptions , whitney curator , richard marshall , has launched a bid for reappraisal with a [choice] of more than 150 paintings and works on paper strongly favouring the imaginative achievement of 1981–83 , and excluding those collaborations made with andy warhol in 1985 .

Looking back in order to look forward : a selection of last season 's sales
looking back in order to look forward : a [choice] of last season 's sales

Eight paintings , supplemented with a generous selection of drawings and prints , have been lent by private and public collections .
eight paintings , supplemented with a generous [choice] of drawings and prints , have been lent by private and public collections .

They feature prominently in his present selection which includes Janine Antoni , Rachel Evans , Damien Hirst , Jeff Koons , Simon Linke , Paul McCarthy , Marc Quinn , Charles Ray , Cindy Sherman and Kiki Smith , each creating work of humour laced with a thread of menace .
they feature prominently in his present [choice] which includes janine antoni , rachel evans , damien hirst , jeff koons , simon linke , paul mccarthy , marc quinn , charles ray , cindy sherman and kiki smith , each creating work of humour laced with a thread of menace .

In other galleries in Dering Street , Annely Juda has reinforced her floor for an exhibition of three large steel sculptures , with a selection of smaller works and drawings , collages and gravitations , by Eduardo Chillida ( 1 October-14 November ) .
in other galleries in dering street , annely juda has reinforced her floor for an exhibition of three large steel sculptures , with a [choice] of smaller works and drawings , collages and gravitations , by eduardo chillida ( 1 october-14 november ) .

Next door , Lumley Cazalet has assembled a selection of works by Elisabeth Frink ( 15 October-13 November ) .
next door , lumley cazalet has assembled a [choice] of works by elisabeth frink ( 15 october-13 november ) .

$ 120,000–180,000 ; £61,900–92,900 ) and a good selection of Barbizon works by Daubigny , Jules Dupré and Troyon .
$ 120,000–180,000 ; £61,900–92,900 ) and a good [choice] of barbizon works by daubigny , jules dupré and troyon .

The selection of goals
the [choice] of goals

The Selection of Goals
the [choice] of goals

In our selection procedure we are looking for three main characteristics .
in our [choice] procedure we are looking for three main characteristics .

What 's digging this summer : a selection of archaeological excavations being carried out throughout the old world in the summer .
what 's digging this summer : a [choice] of archaeological excavations being carried out throughout the old world in the summer .

Divided into forty-four brief chapters and illustrated by a large selection of good colour reproductions , it is the catalogue raisonné 's more discursive and speculative companion and is recommended for its explanation of Magritte 's compositions and for comment on his relationship with artists , critics , poets , dealers and collectors .
divided into forty-four brief chapters and illustrated by a large [choice] of good colour reproductions , it is the catalogue raisonné 's more discursive and speculative companion and is recommended for its explanation of magritte 's compositions and for comment on his relationship with artists , critics , poets , dealers and collectors .

It would have taken no additional effort to assemble a selection representative of the period and presenting a new view of many leading artists ' activities and styles applied to this medium .
it would have taken no additional effort to assemble a [choice] representative of the period and presenting a new view of many leading artists ' activities and styles applied to this medium .

We have intentionally been cautious in our Taipei sale , only including a small selection of the contemporary paintings ’ .
we have intentionally been cautious in our taipei sale , only including a small [choice] of the contemporary paintings ’ .

They include a selection of conceptual material at Victoria Miro under the title of ‘ Instructions and Diagrams ’ ( 9 April–8 May ) .
they include a [choice] of conceptual material at victoria miro under the title of ‘ instructions and diagrams ’ ( 9 april–8 may ) .

There is ‘ Duck ’ , a polished bronze version of the cast concrete sculpture created by Henry Moore in 1927 , ‘ Movement in Space ’ , an oil painting by Eileen Agar , a selection of pictures by Ceri Richards , and work by John Armstrong and John Tunnard .
there is ‘ duck ’ , a polished bronze version of the cast concrete sculpture created by henry moore in 1927 , ‘ movement in space ’ , an oil painting by eileen agar , a [choice] of pictures by ceri richards , and work by john armstrong and john tunnard .

In addition to a selection of gouaches and ‘ The Cross ’ ( 1948 ) , an oil painting with a strong debt to Miró , there are mobiles and stabiles .
in addition to a [choice] of gouaches and ‘ the cross ’ ( 1948 ) , an oil painting with a strong debt to miró , there are mobiles and stabiles .

The following exhibitions have been mentioned in this column in previous months and deserve attention before they close : Karsten Schubert 's changing selection of works by gallery artists , marking his Fifth Anniversary in business in Charlotte Street ( to 25 April ) ; a survey of paintings by Andrzej Jackowski , including his three versions of ‘ The Beekeeper 's Son ’ , at Marlborough ( to 21 April ) ; new paintings by Luciano Castelli at Raab ( to 25 April ) ; and Craig Wood 's dot paintings at Laure Genillard ( to 25 April ) .
the following exhibitions have been mentioned in this column in previous months and deserve attention before they close : karsten schubert 's changing [choice] of works by gallery artists , marking his fifth anniversary in business in charlotte street ( to 25 april ) ; a survey of paintings by andrzej jackowski , including his three versions of ‘ the beekeeper 's son ’ , at marlborough ( to 21 april ) ; new paintings by luciano castelli at raab ( to 25 april ) ; and craig wood 's dot paintings at laure genillard ( to 25 april ) .

The focus in this sale of 19th-century European paintings will fall on northern European works and a selection from The Hague School .
the focus in this sale of 19th-century european paintings will fall on northern european works and a [choice] from the hague school .

Although Gluckman does not consider the variable of gender , he describes some of the functions of gossip : the unification and affirmation of community values , the control of aspiring individuals and cliques within society , the selection of leaders , the maintenance of group exclusiveness .
although gluckman does not consider the variable of gender , he describes some of the functions of gossip : the unification and affirmation of community values , the control of aspiring individuals and cliques within society , the [choice] of leaders , the maintenance of group exclusiveness .

To complete the media list consider the following categories and make your own selection in the light of analysis made of the uses to which the list will be put .
to complete the media list consider the following categories and make your own [choice] in the light of analysis made of the uses to which the list will be put .

If on the other hand you frequently send out stories which will be of interest to quite a wide selection of the media it will take too long to go through a large directory and jot down the names every time .
if on the other hand you frequently send out stories which will be of interest to quite a wide [choice] of the media it will take too long to go through a large directory and jot down the names every time .

For certain types of consumer product it can be very useful to have a selection of photographs which can be placed with supporting feature material .
for certain types of consumer product it can be very useful to have a [choice] of photographs which can be placed with supporting feature material .

It also helps to brief the model in advance so that he or she is aware of what is involved and will bring the right selection of clothes or accessories .
it also helps to brief the model in advance so that he or she is aware of what is involved and will bring the right [choice] of clothes or accessories .

Photographers who specialise in food or in room set photography will probably have a good selection of props .
photographers who specialise in food or in room set photography will probably have a good [choice] of props .

Sometimes the photographers will organise this for you , but if there are a large number of photographs to take then you should consider using a specialist photographic accessoriser whose job it is to provide a good selection of suitable props from which you and the photographer can choose on the spot .
sometimes the photographers will organise this for you , but if there are a large number of photographs to take then you should consider using a specialist photographic accessoriser whose job it is to provide a good [choice] of suitable props from which you and the photographer can choose on the spot .

The selection of the method of purification of the wastes therefore has considerable influence on the plant costs .
the [choice] of the method of purification of the wastes therefore has considerable influence on the plant costs .

Despite careful selection , however , a proportion of students drop out of college each year for a variety of personal reasons : exam failure ; illness ; and family or other personal circumstances .
despite careful [choice] , however , a proportion of students drop out of college each year for a variety of personal reasons : exam failure ; illness ; and family or other personal circumstances .

This need not be an inhibiting factor , because there will normally be a wide selection of rugs available to suit every pocket and taste .
this need not be an inhibiting factor , because there will normally be a wide [choice] of rugs available to suit every pocket and taste .

These have the advantage of allowing you time to consider individual rugs , both in the shop and often on a trial basis in your home ; in addition , there is usually a wide and varied selection of rugs from which to choose .
these have the advantage of allowing you time to consider individual rugs , both in the shop and often on a trial basis in your home ; in addition , there is usually a wide and varied [choice] of rugs from which to choose .

The main disadvantage is that the range and quality of items on offer is often limited , and although there are usually good examples of the most popular groups , you are less likely to find a wide selection of village and nomadic rugs .
the main disadvantage is that the range and quality of items on offer is often limited , and although there are usually good examples of the most popular groups , you are less likely to find a wide [choice] of village and nomadic rugs .

Catalogues and mail order services share the disadvantages of offering a limited selection , and , more importantly , not allowing you the chance to examine the item until it arrives at the door .
catalogues and mail order services share the disadvantages of offering a limited [choice] , and , more importantly , not allowing you the chance to examine the item until it arrives at the door .

This phenomenon also arises in the field of insurance where it is known as adverse selection .
this phenomenon also arises in the field of insurance where it is known as adverse [choice] .

Hence there is an adverse selection ( or hidden knowledge ) problem .
hence there is an adverse [choice] ( or hidden knowledge ) problem .

Let us examine a representative selection of models .
let us examine a representative [choice] of models .

Knowledge of discourse aids the selection of coherent sentence progressions from incoherent ones , and involves aspects such as argument formation , dialogue continuity , story grammars , etc .
knowledge of discourse aids the [choice] of coherent sentence progressions from incoherent ones , and involves aspects such as argument formation , dialogue continuity , story grammars , etc .

Although all the words have at least one sense bearing the property for which the root was originally selected , it must be noted that to locate all words bearing a particular semantic feature must involve the careful selection of several roots ( e.g. to find nouns with a [ +female ] feature , sprouts should begin from ’ female ’ , ’ woman ’ , ’ girl ’ and possibly ’ wife ’ ) .
although all the words have at least one sense bearing the property for which the root was originally selected , it must be noted that to locate all words bearing a particular semantic feature must involve the careful [choice] of several roots ( e.g. to find nouns with a [ +female ] feature , sprouts should begin from ’ female ’ , ’ woman ’ , ’ girl ’ and possibly ’ wife ’ ) .

At first sight , this may appear to be a poor performance but it is in fact over twice as frequent as a random selection ( which for this data would be 32.7 % of cases ) .
at first sight , this may appear to be a poor performance but it is in fact over twice as frequent as a random [choice] ( which for this data would be 32.7 % of cases ) .

Percentage measures of performance should therefore be compared to that expected from random selection .
percentage measures of performance should therefore be compared to that expected from random [choice] .

Test data was gathered by random selection from each domain until the target of approximately 17 sentences per domain had been met .
test data was gathered by random [choice] from each domain until the target of approximately 17 sentences per domain had been met .

Very often this involves no more than manual selection , or simple extraction of the higher frequency words from a distribution taken on the corpus .
very often this involves no more than manual [choice] , or simple extraction of the higher frequency words from a distribution taken on the corpus .

Booth argued that any selective system would give rise to anomalies and would necessitate a costly system of selection .
booth argued that any selective system would give rise to anomalies and would necessitate a costly system of [choice] .

To say that the Crown had the right of appointment is to say only that it had at least the possibility of a voice , not that it necessarily exercised any real right of selection .
to say that the crown had the right of appointment is to say only that it had at least the possibility of a voice , not that it necessarily exercised any real right of [choice] .

This is but a small selection of events and festivals taking place in a few of our worldwide destinations — an ideal and enjoyable way to appreciate the culture and local traditions in each country .
this is but a small [choice] of events and festivals taking place in a few of our worldwide destinations — an ideal and enjoyable way to appreciate the culture and local traditions in each country .

During Visit Malaysia Year there are countless festivals and celebrations , a selection of which are listed below .
during visit malaysia year there are countless festivals and celebrations , a [choice] of which are listed below .

These are a selection of our most popular Hawaiian Combinations ; however , should you wish to plan your own itinerary , please call our Reservations Department for further information .
these are a [choice] of our most popular hawaiian combinations ; however , should you wish to plan your own itinerary , please call our reservations department for further information .

Selection of patients for treatment is largely dependent upon referral from a district centre .
[choice] of patients for treatment is largely dependent upon referral from a district centre .

Criteria for selection were that at least one parent had intractable seizures ; children were of school age ; the family could function in a group setting and there were no major psychiatric or psychological problems .
criteria for [choice] were that at least one parent had intractable seizures ; children were of school age ; the family could function in a group setting and there were no major psychiatric or psychological problems .

Statistically significant differences were found in choice of topical application between doctors and nurses ( p < 0.001 ) : DNs were usually responsible for the selection of paste bandages , unmedicated tulles and simple dry dressings , but doctors made the decision to use antibiotics/cortisones more often than nurses .
statistically significant differences were found in choice of topical application between doctors and nurses ( p < 0.001 ) : dns were usually responsible for the [choice] of paste bandages , unmedicated tulles and simple dry dressings , but doctors made the decision to use antibiotics/cortisones more often than nurses .

As a gastronomic centre , Nottingham can offer a mouthwatering selection of venues for the hungry visitor .
as a gastronomic centre , nottingham can offer a mouthwatering [choice] of venues for the hungry visitor .

With a superb selection of quality lace for sale and bobbin lace making demonstrations , this is a truly authentic place to visit .
with a superb [choice] of quality lace for sale and bobbin lace making demonstrations , this is a truly authentic place to visit .

If caravanning and camping are your favourite way of getting away from it all them the selection of excellent sites around the county means you wo n't be disappointed in choosing Nottinghamshire as your holiday destination .
if caravanning and camping are your favourite way of getting away from it all them the [choice] of excellent sites around the county means you wo n't be disappointed in choosing nottinghamshire as your holiday destination .

For those searching for a short break that is just that little bit different , you are invited to make your selection for this year 's choice of special themed weekend breaks .
for those searching for a short break that is just that little bit different , you are invited to make your [choice] for this year 's choice of special themed weekend breaks .

At the same time the Bakufu 's weakness was exacerbated by problems over the shogunal succession ; the selection of the nearest blood heir , a young boy , to succeed to the title in 1858 , highlighted the problems of Bakufu leadership at a time when the institution required all the strength it could muster .
at the same time the bakufu 's weakness was exacerbated by problems over the shogunal succession ; the [choice] of the nearest blood heir , a young boy , to succeed to the title in 1858 , highlighted the problems of bakufu leadership at a time when the institution required all the strength it could muster .

With a selection of fillings , it is easy to please all tastes .
with a [choice] of fillings , it is easy to please all tastes .

Here is a selection :
here is a [choice] :

Competency of officials is ensured by proper selection and training so that they can effectively carry out their obligations and responsibilities .
competency of officials is ensured by proper [choice] and training so that they can effectively carry out their obligations and responsibilities .

Selection and recruitment
[choice] and recruitment

It addresses certain key issues which continue to be troublesome : the selection of aspects of commercial law suitable for harmonization ; the level and scope of the harmonizing measure and the extent to which it does or does not displace conflict-of-laws rules ; the factors relevant to the method of harmonization and the likelihood of its success ; the problem of language ; the efficiency of the mechanism by which harmonizing measures are brought into existence and implemented by national legislation ; and , most crucial of all , the indifference , or even hostility , with which harmonization proposals continue to be greeted .
it addresses certain key issues which continue to be troublesome : the [choice] of aspects of commercial law suitable for harmonization ; the level and scope of the harmonizing measure and the extent to which it does or does not displace conflict-of-laws rules ; the factors relevant to the method of harmonization and the likelihood of its success ; the problem of language ; the efficiency of the mechanism by which harmonizing measures are brought into existence and implemented by national legislation ; and , most crucial of all , the indifference , or even hostility , with which harmonization proposals continue to be greeted .

First , to the extent that an issue is expressly covered by the Convention it displaces rules of national law that might otherwise apply and thereby renders otiose conflict-of-laws rules designed to lead to the selection of the applicable national law .
first , to the extent that an issue is expressly covered by the convention it displaces rules of national law that might otherwise apply and thereby renders otiose conflict-of-laws rules designed to lead to the [choice] of the applicable national law .

Every member will be sent an enrolment package that includes a membership card , notification of the Business Direct Freephone number for bookings etc , and a selection of directories in an attractive and useful binder .
every member will be sent an enrolment package that includes a membership card , notification of the business direct freephone number for bookings etc , and a [choice] of directories in an attractive and useful binder .

At Midland we appreciate that businesses will only wish to draw upon a selection of our full range of Money Transmission Services and will require these to be tailored to individual requirements .
at midland we appreciate that businesses will only wish to draw upon a [choice] of our full range of money transmission services and will require these to be tailored to individual requirements .

Out of the eighty-two people who started the selection process from our drill hall , nine of us made it .
out of the eighty-two people who started the [choice] process from our drill hall , nine of us made it .

Every week a detachment of men who had completed all the selection processes , interviews and tests would go off to the 4ème Règiment Étranger at Castelnaudary near Toulouse to start their basic training .
every week a detachment of men who had completed all the [choice] processes , interviews and tests would go off to the 4ème règiment étranger at castelnaudary near toulouse to start their basic training .

In other armies , the selection process assumed that people were of the same social balance .
in other armies , the [choice] process assumed that people were of the same social balance .

We were going to be interviewed by a selection team from Castelnaudary who would tell us our placings in the ‘ Certificat Technique Élémentaire ’ exams .
we were going to be interviewed by a [choice] team from castelnaudary who would tell us our placings in the ‘ certificat technique élémentaire ’ exams .

Certain problems have long been acknowledged even in popular accounts of scientific practice where emphasis is placed on the role of aesthetic criteria in theory selection .
certain problems have long been acknowledged even in popular accounts of scientific practice where emphasis is placed on the role of aesthetic criteria in theory [choice] .

In the process of theory selection , religious ( and antireligious ) preferences have again intruded .
in the process of theory [choice] , religious ( and antireligious ) preferences have again intruded .

The selection of members was a slow business and the Commission did not begin work until February 1978 .
the [choice] of members was a slow business and the commission did not begin work until february 1978 .

Breeding , selection and management of the child 's pony
breeding , [choice] and management of the child 's pony

As the industry expands , sound breeding and selection principles are needed to provide horses of high quality and a range of breed societies will outline , through working demonstrations , the characteristics of particular breeds and their role in future breeding programmes to meet these customer requirements both at home and abroad .
as the industry expands , sound breeding and [choice] principles are needed to provide horses of high quality and a range of breed societies will outline , through working demonstrations , the characteristics of particular breeds and their role in future breeding programmes to meet these customer requirements both at home and abroad .

Organisation ; Mission ; Training and Selection ; Individual Unit Histories — all are meticulously set forth .
organisation ; mission ; training and [choice] ; individual unit histories — all are meticulously set forth .

The very use of language , then , whether oral or literate involves classification , abstraction and the selection by specific criteria of elements from a largely undifferentiated universe .
the very use of language , then , whether oral or literate involves classification , abstraction and the [choice] by specific criteria of elements from a largely undifferentiated universe .

Classification , he shows , involves selection and isolation of elements whose meaning derives from their being part of a system rather than from any intrinsic significance .
classification , he shows , involves [choice] and isolation of elements whose meaning derives from their being part of a system rather than from any intrinsic significance .

The social reality is that the uses of ‘ history ’ , if not always as crude and blatant as this , always involve selection , speculation and hypothesised connections , and that the scholars operating this process are products of a specific society , speak its language and are imbued with its ideology , so their work must always bear a complex if not tangential relationship to ‘ reality ’ and ‘ objectivity ’ .
the social reality is that the uses of ‘ history ’ , if not always as crude and blatant as this , always involve [choice] , speculation and hypothesised connections , and that the scholars operating this process are products of a specific society , speak its language and are imbued with its ideology , so their work must always bear a complex if not tangential relationship to ‘ reality ’ and ‘ objectivity ’ .

He argues , for instance , that the evolutionary emergence of ‘ our self transcendence by means of selection and rational criticism ’ depends upon developments that have taken place in academic language : ‘ It is only within a language thus enriched that critical argument and knowledge in the objective sense become possible .
he argues , for instance , that the evolutionary emergence of ‘ our self transcendence by means of [choice] and rational criticism ’ depends upon developments that have taken place in academic language : ‘ it is only within a language thus enriched that critical argument and knowledge in the objective sense become possible .

Finally , spontaneous orders are superior insofar as the Darwinian principle of natural selection applies to them .
finally , spontaneous orders are superior insofar as the darwinian principle of natural [choice] applies to them .

Confine the selection to one or two at a time .
confine the [choice] to one or two at a time .

Risk selection by large insurers and cost shifting by federal and state agencies leave lower and middle income families paying a larger share of the bill .
risk [choice] by large insurers and cost shifting by federal and state agencies leave lower and middle income families paying a larger share of the bill .

By three to five years after surgery the actuarial survival rate exceeded that of a control population.This enhanced survival may reflect the fact that patients referred for surgery were highly selected , and an important limitation of these data is that the selection criteria were not explicit .
by three to five years after surgery the actuarial survival rate exceeded that of a control population.this enhanced survival may reflect the fact that patients referred for surgery were highly selected , and an important limitation of these data is that the [choice] criteria were not explicit .

Selection of quotations for which entries are needed and sorting into senses by senior staff .
[choice] of quotations for which entries are needed and sorting into senses by senior staff .

Writing of definitions and selection of illustrative quotations by junior staff .
writing of definitions and [choice] of illustrative quotations by junior staff .

Timetable for Selection
timetable for [choice]

Basis for Selection
basis for [choice]

Choice of participation in leisure and sporting activities Those people who seem to spend their entire lives in a state of hyperactivity provide a selection interviewer with plenty of information .
choice of participation in leisure and sporting activities those people who seem to spend their entire lives in a state of hyperactivity provide a [choice] interviewer with plenty of information .

Factors which we have found correlate positively with the emergence of strong goals of recognition , status and praise , and which provide themes for selection , are :
factors which we have found correlate positively with the emergence of strong goals of recognition , status and praise , and which provide themes for [choice] , are :

We decided to focus on the women with endometriosis as the principal diagnosis since this group would be least influenced by selection bias .
we decided to focus on the women with endometriosis as the principal diagnosis since this group would be least influenced by [choice] bias .

But now there was in place a plebiscitary system ; the total number of presidential primaries had risen sharply , thereby substantially increasing popular participation in the selection of delegates and further weakening the power of party leaders .
but now there was in place a plebiscitary system ; the total number of presidential primaries had risen sharply , thereby substantially increasing popular participation in the [choice] of delegates and further weakening the power of party leaders .

In his first term , Nixon had devoted relatively little attention to the selection of those who would be responsible for the administration of his programme .
in his first term , nixon had devoted relatively little attention to the [choice] of those who would be responsible for the administration of his programme .

Or will they stress privacy and cleverly leave the necessary selection to market forces ?
or will they stress privacy and cleverly leave the necessary [choice] to market forces ?

For parasites whose offspring infect the offspring of their host ( vertical transmission ) , any behaviour by the parasite that decreases the fecundity of its host ( and thereby that of the parasite itself ) is unlikely to be favoured by natural selection .
for parasites whose offspring infect the offspring of their host ( vertical transmission ) , any behaviour by the parasite that decreases the fecundity of its host ( and thereby that of the parasite itself ) is unlikely to be favoured by natural [choice] .

The two selection regimes had the expected effects on host fitness : infected bacteria in the vertically transmitted lines increased in density much more quickly than those in the lines where horizontal transmission could occur .
the two [choice] regimes had the expected effects on host fitness : infected bacteria in the vertically transmitted lines increased in density much more quickly than those in the lines where horizontal transmission could occur .

Although the data are not directly comparable with those in previously published analyses , they are nevertheless subject to the major criticism of the studies discussed in the Black report — namely , that the results were vitiated by biased selection of diagnostic groups , age groups , calendar periods , and areas .
although the data are not directly comparable with those in previously published analyses , they are nevertheless subject to the major criticism of the studies discussed in the black report — namely , that the results were vitiated by biased [choice] of diagnostic groups , age groups , calendar periods , and areas .

With the chronic shortage , there has been a widening of selection criteria for the acceptance of donor organs and an extension of cardiac allograft ischaemic time in the hope of increasing the available pool of donor organs .
with the chronic shortage , there has been a widening of [choice] criteria for the acceptance of donor organs and an extension of cardiac allograft ischaemic time in the hope of increasing the available pool of donor organs .

Will everyone who asks be given severance or early retirement or will there be a selection process depending on performance ?
will everyone who asks be given severance or early retirement or will there be a [choice] process depending on performance ?

You will be asked to confirm your selection :
you will be asked to confirm your [choice] :

You will be asked to confirm your selection :
you will be asked to confirm your [choice] :

You will be asked to confirm your selection :
you will be asked to confirm your [choice] :

The curriculum designer has the job of seeing the unit through its various stages from the initial discussion and the selection of the teaching aims and content of the unit to its more detailed specification and drafting , the production of a draft program and teaching notes , its classroom development , editing and publication .
the curriculum designer has the job of seeing the unit through its various stages from the initial discussion and the [choice] of the teaching aims and content of the unit to its more detailed specification and drafting , the production of a draft program and teaching notes , its classroom development , editing and publication .

Concentrating on objectives for pupil activity will lead to the selection of different ideas and to units which surprise by what they leave out .
concentrating on objectives for pupil activity will lead to the [choice] of different ideas and to units which surprise by what they leave out .

Moderate — requires connection rather than mere selection .
moderate — requires connection rather than mere [choice] .

On the Univac 1108 computer , for instance , a 36-bit word can be subdivided into halves , thirds , quarters , or sixths , and a selection field in the instruction specifies which portion of the store location is involved in any arithmetic operation .
on the univac 1108 computer , for instance , a 36-bit word can be subdivided into halves , thirds , quarters , or sixths , and a [choice] field in the instruction specifies which portion of the store location is involved in any arithmetic operation .

The selected portion is aligned with the least-significant portion of the other operand ( held in a processor register ) , and sign extension may or may not be applied ( depending on the size of the portion and the value in the selection field ) .
the selected portion is aligned with the least-significant portion of the other operand ( held in a processor register ) , and sign extension may or may not be applied ( depending on the size of the portion and the value in the [choice] field ) .

Unfortunately , some recorded samples were lost because the children were outside in the playground or on excursions from the home , so when the recordings had been transcribed seven samples only were picked for analysis , a random procedure being used to make the selection where more than seven had been recorded .
unfortunately , some recorded samples were lost because the children were outside in the playground or on excursions from the home , so when the recordings had been transcribed seven samples only were picked for analysis , a random procedure being used to make the [choice] where more than seven had been recorded .

The election of representatives , rather than their selection by lot , was regarded by the Greeks as an aristocratic device , not a democratic one .
the election of representatives , rather than their [choice] by lot , was regarded by the greeks as an aristocratic device , not a democratic one .

There is very little apparent logic in the selection of people who are sent to state prisons as opposed to being killed or kept in a clandestine prison .
there is very little apparent logic in the [choice] of people who are sent to state prisons as opposed to being killed or kept in a clandestine prison .

proficiency certification often in some way a summary `` or measure of achievement on the course of instruction and often used for selection purposes , or to acknowledge success .
proficiency certification often in some way a summary `` or measure of achievement on the course of instruction and often used for [choice] purposes , or to acknowledge success .

When selection is the main focus of assessment a test that provides information on where a pupil stands relative to the group taking the test is most likely to be used .
when [choice] is the main focus of assessment a test that provides information on where a pupil stands relative to the group taking the test is most likely to be used .

The trend towards criterion-referencing signals an increasing interest in assessment for learning in contrast with assessment for selection .
the trend towards criterion-referencing signals an increasing interest in assessment for learning in contrast with assessment for [choice] .

The selection of topics included examples where performance is well known ( Number , Measures , Geometry ) and those for which the details of performance are less well documented ( Data interpretation and Problem solving strategies ) .
the [choice] of topics included examples where performance is well known ( number , measures , geometry ) and those for which the details of performance are less well documented ( data interpretation and problem solving strategies ) .

There are several reasons for this selection .
there are several reasons for this [choice] .

The sheer abundance of the commercial use of Bruce Weber 's imagery brings us to another feature of the selection here .
the sheer abundance of the commercial use of bruce weber 's imagery brings us to another feature of the [choice] here .

Certainly the thought must occur to anyone acquainted with almost any part of science , or even a small selection of scientific laws .
certainly the thought must occur to anyone acquainted with almost any part of science , or even a small [choice] of scientific laws .

From well ordered stores were carried a selection of papers neatly cut and precisely positioned , alongside such items as pens , pins and paint rags .
from well ordered stores were carried a [choice] of papers neatly cut and precisely positioned , alongside such items as pens , pins and paint rags .

He appoints and dismisses government ministers and has at his disposal a wide selection of public appointments , honours , etc .
he appoints and dismisses government ministers and has at his disposal a wide [choice] of public appointments , honours , etc .

The committee members are appointed by the Committee of Selection .
the committee members are appointed by the committee of [choice] .

There is keen competition among backbenchers for places on the most prestigious committees and some complaints that the committee of selection tends to appoint main stream party members to the exclusion of formidable establishment critics .
there is keen competition among backbenchers for places on the most prestigious committees and some complaints that the committee of [choice] tends to appoint main stream party members to the exclusion of formidable establishment critics .

He then reports to the Public Accounts Committee who will follow up a selection of his reports .
he then reports to the public accounts committee who will follow up a [choice] of his reports .

Selection for this feature can therefore provide populations of embryos which are just starting to form blastocysts and where the majority of cells will be in their sixth cell cycle .
[choice] for this feature can therefore provide populations of embryos which are just starting to form blastocysts and where the majority of cells will be in their sixth cell cycle .

Then , in the 1960s , media direction and selection .
then , in the 1960s , media direction and [choice] .

To improve secondary school library provision and the quality of book selection .
to improve secondary school library provision and the quality of book [choice] .

Stage 2 is the selection , ordering and acquisition of book and non-book material purchased through the project grant , up to and including the utilisation of those resources by the children themselves .
stage 2 is the [choice] , ordering and acquisition of book and non-book material purchased through the project grant , up to and including the utilisation of those resources by the children themselves .

participate in selection of schools for recommendation to Principal Education Officer and Chief County Inspector
participate in [choice] of schools for recommendation to principal education officer and chief county inspector

( 4 ) Schools are notified by the County Librarian of their selection for consideration in the project , and in Major Project schools this is accompanied by a visit to the school by the link person who explains the mechanics of the project to senior staff .
( 4 ) schools are notified by the county librarian of their [choice] for consideration in the project , and in major project schools this is accompanied by a visit to the school by the link person who explains the mechanics of the project to senior staff .

Selection of schools
[choice] of schools

Though not strictly competitive , the selection of schools inevitably involves comparisons according to a range of formal and informal criteria , and since funds have until recently always been less than sufficient to serve all deserving cases , an element of competition is inescapable .
though not strictly competitive , the [choice] of schools inevitably involves comparisons according to a range of formal and informal criteria , and since funds have until recently always been less than sufficient to serve all deserving cases , an element of competition is inescapable .

Hearing of the project only through the `` headteachers ' grapevine `` , some heads ( understandably enough ) perceived the selection of schools as achieved by `` back-door `` methods including the collusion and patronage of the inspectorate .
hearing of the project only through the `` headteachers ' grapevine `` , some heads ( understandably enough ) perceived the [choice] of schools as achieved by `` back-door `` methods including the collusion and patronage of the inspectorate .

In interviews with team members and our observation of four team meetings ( all of which included selection procedures ) , the following principles have been identified :
in interviews with team members and our observation of four team meetings ( all of which included [choice] procedures ) , the following principles have been identified :

This factor was identified by a number of DCSLs and , particularly in the earlier stages of the project where there was very little participation in the selection process by the inspectorate , was felt to have compromised their judgement of project " status " :
this factor was identified by a number of dcsls and , particularly in the earlier stages of the project where there was very little participation in the [choice] process by the inspectorate , was felt to have compromised their judgement of project " status " :

The criteria which governed the selection of the four schools included the following : ( 1 ) they were among schools identified by DCSLs as ones where the project had achieved some impact ;
the criteria which governed the [choice] of the four schools included the following : ( 1 ) they were among schools identified by dcsls as ones where the project had achieved some impact ;

All these developments concur with selection of the school for a Minor Project award .
all these developments concur with [choice] of the school for a minor project award .

The processes of stock selection had forced many staff to look at what was already on the shelves and what new material was available .
the processes of stock [choice] had forced many staff to look at what was already on the shelves and what new material was available .

In all four schools , participation in the project had made a range of departments and a number of individual teachers look closely at their existing library resources for the purposes of stock editing and selection .
in all four schools , participation in the project had made a range of departments and a number of individual teachers look closely at their existing library resources for the purposes of stock editing and [choice] .

To improve secondary school library provision and the quality of book selection .
to improve secondary school library provision and the quality of book [choice] .

Amongst the things which were developed , refined and altered were the guidelines to be followed , the criteria for selection , the precision required ( in respect of spending plans etc . )
amongst the things which were developed , refined and altered were the guidelines to be followed , the criteria for [choice] , the precision required ( in respect of spending plans etc . )

Book selection and purchase
book [choice] and purchase

The evaluators conclude that the second of the project 's stated objectives : to improve secondary school library provision and the quality of book selection
the evaluators conclude that the second of the project 's stated objectives : to improve secondary school library provision and the quality of book [choice]

It was an objective of the project that such good practices as having a library and resources committee , the more informed selection of books , and the development of study skills programmes should continue and grow , and it is fair to ask whether or not this has been the case .
it was an objective of the project that such good practices as having a library and resources committee , the more informed [choice] of books , and the development of study skills programmes should continue and grow , and it is fair to ask whether or not this has been the case .

Despite its limitations , the project has done something to open up the question of study skills , develop inservice structures and practices , create a core of schools where good practice has been established and from which it might be disseminated , and has clearly improved secondary school library provision through ( amongst other things ) the quality of book selection .
despite its limitations , the project has done something to open up the question of study skills , develop inservice structures and practices , create a core of schools where good practice has been established and from which it might be disseminated , and has clearly improved secondary school library provision through ( amongst other things ) the quality of book [choice] .

3 . What are the criteria for selection ?
3 . what are the criteria for [choice] ?

Is there a selection of visual aids and recruitment material available for use by staff ? Is there a staffed department within the organisation with specific responsibility for recruitment which is easily accessible to the public ?
is there a [choice] of visual aids and recruitment material available for use by staff ? is there a staffed department within the organisation with specific responsibility for recruitment which is easily accessible to the public ?

Arrangements , involving local managers , for selection of nurses for the Bank should be drawn up .
arrangements , involving local managers , for [choice] of nurses for the bank should be drawn up .

The Health Authority does not have an involvement in staff selection .
the health authority does not have an involvement in staff [choice] .

Highfield Nurseries has a large selection .
highfield nurseries has a large [choice] .

Middle Wolford Versailles tights , £9.25 ; Marion Foale hand knit , £290 ; Gucci loafers from a selection ; Pellini earrings , £45 .
middle wolford versailles tights , £9.25 ; marion foale hand knit , £290 ; gucci loafers from a [choice] ; pellini earrings , £45 .

Wire basket with carrying handle , £10.25 , from a selection at Heal 's . Full with fruit or other festive goodies
wire basket with carrying handle , £10.25 , from a [choice] at heal 's . full with fruit or other festive goodies

Piz Buin has the smartest selection — the Ski Pack contains sun cream , clear sunblock and five coloured zincs for £9.99 .
piz buin has the smartest [choice] — the ski pack contains sun cream , clear sunblock and five coloured zincs for £9.99 .

For up-to-date information sheets now include a selection of named manufacturers to help you make your choice — all the facts at your fingertips on the following :
for up-to-date information sheets now include a [choice] of named manufacturers to help you make your choice — all the facts at your fingertips on the following :

The stress on choice between covers as well as between titles tends to reinforce the ‘ end of ideology ’ thesis which underpinned the selection , for instance , of The Independent as a fitting title for a ‘ mould-breaking ’ , ‘ tycoon-proof ’ paper of the 90s .
the stress on choice between covers as well as between titles tends to reinforce the ‘ end of ideology ’ thesis which underpinned the [choice] , for instance , of the independent as a fitting title for a ‘ mould-breaking ’ , ‘ tycoon-proof ’ paper of the 90s .

Cantus Cölin , under the direction of lutenist Konrad Junghänel , perform a varied selection from Albert 's songs and motets including the engagingly names Musicalishche Kürbs-Hütte ( ‘ Musical Pumpkin Cottage ’ ) .
cantus cölin , under the direction of lutenist konrad junghänel , perform a varied [choice] from albert 's songs and motets including the engagingly names musicalishche kürbs-hütte ( ‘ musical pumpkin cottage ’ ) .

Vocal groups might profitably address themselves to this relatively unexplored territory — there are 170 arias and more — but meanwhile a welcome to this well-chosen selection of songs .
vocal groups might profitably address themselves to this relatively unexplored territory — there are 170 arias and more — but meanwhile a welcome to this well-chosen [choice] of songs .

The same strictures apply to her selection , despite the eloquent piano accompaniment of Roger Vignoles , who makes ‘ Speak Low ’ especially insinuating .
the same strictures apply to her [choice] , despite the eloquent piano accompaniment of roger vignoles , who makes ‘ speak low ’ especially insinuating .

The Festival is showing a selection of classics mixed in with a few notable recent releases .
the festival is showing a [choice] of classics mixed in with a few notable recent releases .

There is a selection of Eric Rhomer 's films , a rare screening of the 1958 Jean Gabin version of ‘ Les Miserables !
there is a [choice] of eric rhomer 's films , a rare screening of the 1958 jean gabin version of ‘ les miserables !

’ , popular modern classics such as ‘ Cyrano De Bergerac ’ , ‘ Betty Blue ’ and ‘ Subway ’ and a selection of notable recent French films , including Jean De Florette ’ director Claude Berri 's latest , ‘ Uranus ’ and Sandrine Bonnaire 's striking ‘ La Captive Du Desert ’ .
’ , popular modern classics such as ‘ cyrano de bergerac ’ , ‘ betty blue ’ and ‘ subway ’ and a [choice] of notable recent french films , including jean de florette ’ director claude berri 's latest , ‘ uranus ’ and sandrine bonnaire 's striking ‘ la captive du desert ’ .

Three thirty-something friends find themselves locked into relationships with a broad selection of female stereotypes .
three thirty-something friends find themselves locked into relationships with a broad [choice] of female stereotypes .

The facility unfortunately will only be available to one band per month and selection will be based on recordings received at 1 Gardiner Row , Dublin 1 .
the facility unfortunately will only be available to one band per month and [choice] will be based on recordings received at 1 gardiner row , dublin 1 .

Patrick 's Athletic player , Derek O'Kelly , is compiling a selection of the best stories and anecdotes from Irish soccer fans over the years and tells the Phantom he would welcome contributions from travelling supporters , pub screamers , and armchair fans alike .
patrick 's athletic player , derek o'kelly , is compiling a [choice] of the best stories and anecdotes from irish soccer fans over the years and tells the phantom he would welcome contributions from travelling supporters , pub screamers , and armchair fans alike .

The radio section of this year 's selection process has been considerably expanded to recognise the contribution of regional stations and there will be a special award for the station judged to be the best in each of the four provinces .
the radio section of this year 's [choice] process has been considerably expanded to recognise the contribution of regional stations and there will be a special award for the station judged to be the best in each of the four provinces .

This selection obviously takes in the period of purely sailing ships , through hybrids to the fully powered vessels of the mid-20th century .
this [choice] obviously takes in the period of purely sailing ships , through hybrids to the fully powered vessels of the mid-20th century .

The selection board interviewed him and rejected his application without further ado .
the [choice] board interviewed him and rejected his application without further ado .

Only then did the selection board turn him down .
only then did the [choice] board turn him down .

Provençal green tableware , salt & pepper mills , utensils and condiments , from a selection at Divertimenti .
provençal green tableware , salt & pepper mills , utensils and condiments , from a [choice] at divertimenti .

Dwarf conifer , from a wide selection available at Sainsbury 's Homebase
dwarf conifer , from a wide [choice] available at sainsbury 's homebase

Give your potted plants some pazzazz with Habitat 's Tropics planter and saucer , £20 , available from all branches . Dwarf conifer , from a selection at Sainsbury 's Homebase
give your potted plants some pazzazz with habitat 's tropics planter and saucer , £20 , available from all branches . dwarf conifer , from a [choice] at sainsbury 's homebase

Quilted patchwork double bedspread , £224 ; cushion , £23 ; from a selection at The Sleeping Company .
quilted patchwork double bedspread , £224 ; cushion , £23 ; from a [choice] at the sleeping company .

Plant , from a wide selection at Sainsbury 's Homebase
plant , from a wide [choice] at sainsbury 's homebase

Ripe for the picking , this mouthwatering selection of strawberry tapestries was designed and made by Stella Edwards , from Casa Needlepoint .
ripe for the picking , this mouthwatering [choice] of strawberry tapestries was designed and made by stella edwards , from casa needlepoint .

Available in 24 colours , about £9.50 per sq m Accessories : Fish cup and saucer , plate and Cambridge white teaspoon , from a selection at John Lewis Best for : Most rooms , but especially halls and stairs .
available in 24 colours , about £9.50 per sq m accessories : fish cup and saucer , plate and cambridge white teaspoon , from a [choice] at john lewis best for : most rooms , but especially halls and stairs .

The screen then displays a selection of different recipes plus pictures .
the screen then displays a [choice] of different recipes plus pictures .

1 Cream-painted cupboard with fabric-backed doors , £295 ; from a selection at John Lewis of Hungerford
1 cream-painted cupboard with fabric-backed doors , £295 ; from a [choice] at john lewis of hungerford

Linen basket , from a selection at John Lewis
linen basket , from a [choice] at john lewis

There are masses of tubs and boxes , ( including hand-thrown pots from Whichford Pottery in Gloucestershire ) , and an unusually good selection of garden furniture .
there are masses of tubs and boxes , ( including hand-thrown pots from whichford pottery in gloucestershire ) , and an unusually good [choice] of garden furniture .

There 's a varied selection of baskets , made from Suffolk osiers to African banana leaves .
there 's a varied [choice] of baskets , made from suffolk osiers to african banana leaves .

Founder James Lotery and his team have collected a vast selection of plants for outside and in .
founder james lotery and his team have collected a vast [choice] of plants for outside and in .

There 's a wide selection of other garden merchandise , backed by friendly and personal service .
there 's a wide [choice] of other garden merchandise , backed by friendly and personal service .

There 's also a wide selection of plants and pots from plastic and terracotta to glazed Malay .
there 's also a wide [choice] of plants and pots from plastic and terracotta to glazed malay .

Customers can benefit from expert advice given by friendly staff , plus there is a super selection of plants and high-quality furniture .
customers can benefit from expert advice given by friendly staff , plus there is a super [choice] of plants and high-quality furniture .

Here we show a selection of the latest kitchen designs .
here we show a [choice] of the latest kitchen designs .

Children 's costs rose because traditional middle-class occupations and positions in the services , professions , and the civil service ( now much expanded ) required some evidence of ability , following reforms of medical education ( 1858 ) and selection for the army ( 1871 ) and civil service ( 1870 ) .
children 's costs rose because traditional middle-class occupations and positions in the services , professions , and the civil service ( now much expanded ) required some evidence of ability , following reforms of medical education ( 1858 ) and [choice] for the army ( 1871 ) and civil service ( 1870 ) .

For example , fertility differences persist within each tenure after the initial selection effects , partly independently of social class ( Fox 1982 ) .
for example , fertility differences persist within each tenure after the initial [choice] effects , partly independently of social class ( fox 1982 ) .

There was a good selection of watches as well as evening handbags and many other attractive and original gifts , all at affordable prices .
there was a good [choice] of watches as well as evening handbags and many other attractive and original gifts , all at affordable prices .

Also , a great selection of bedcovers , quilts and tablelinen .
also , a great [choice] of bedcovers , quilts and tablelinen .

Additionally the full range from Marvic Textiles is now available from Sloane Avenue providing an exceptionally comprehensive selection of furnishing fabric .
additionally the full range from marvic textiles is now available from sloane avenue providing an exceptionally comprehensive [choice] of furnishing fabric .

They will help you with the choice of holiday and the selection of accommodation or simply offer you advice if you are experiencing any difficulty in making up your mind .
they will help you with the choice of holiday and the [choice] of accommodation or simply offer you advice if you are experiencing any difficulty in making up your mind .

In that case , Realism is dominant because , despite anomalies , its selection of aspects of events and identification of trends is more enlightening and fertile than those of its rivals .
in that case , realism is dominant because , despite anomalies , its [choice] of aspects of events and identification of trends is more enlightening and fertile than those of its rivals .

Spar 's wine selection has been steadily upgraded since Philippa Carr 's arrival , and although not in the same league as the major supermarkets , it is still a very handy outlet .
spar 's wine [choice] has been steadily upgraded since philippa carr 's arrival , and although not in the same league as the major supermarkets , it is still a very handy outlet .

Irenaeus was the voice of the coalescing orthodoxy , and his labelling of heresies , as well as his selection of canonical works , was to leave an indelible imprint on the Church of Rome .
irenaeus was the voice of the coalescing orthodoxy , and his labelling of heresies , as well as his [choice] of canonical works , was to leave an indelible imprint on the church of rome .

Personal details obtained here provided the foundation from which to make the selection .
personal details obtained here provided the foundation from which to make the [choice] .

And for those seeking a holiday full of adventure and mountain sunshine , we 're proud to present a wide selection of the top Austrian resorts .
and for those seeking a holiday full of adventure and mountain sunshine , we 're proud to present a wide [choice] of the top austrian resorts .

Time may not allow you to visit all the wonders of Switzerland , but whatever selection you make , you 'll enjoy and unsurpassed ‘ Go-As- You-Please ’ holiday with high quality hotels to match .
time may not allow you to visit all the wonders of switzerland , but whatever [choice] you make , you 'll enjoy and unsurpassed ‘ go-as- you-please ’ holiday with high quality hotels to match .

The first is the selection as the primary or preferred mode of transmission of the indirect consular channel .
the first is the [choice] as the primary or preferred mode of transmission of the indirect consular channel .

Similarly in a case involving a French corporation , an order for depositions and document production at the offices of New York attorneys was not regarded as in conflict with the Convention ; all that was to happen on French soil was ‘ certain acts preparatory to the giving of evidence ’ , the selection of appropriate employees to travel to New York and of relevant documents to be disclosed in New York .
similarly in a case involving a french corporation , an order for depositions and document production at the offices of new york attorneys was not regarded as in conflict with the convention ; all that was to happen on french soil was ‘ certain acts preparatory to the giving of evidence ’ , the [choice] of appropriate employees to travel to new york and of relevant documents to be disclosed in new york .

Bon Appetit Never before has Edinburgh had such a selection of exciting , excellent , different restaurants , hostelries and cafes in which to wine and dine .
bon appetit never before has edinburgh had such a [choice] of exciting , excellent , different restaurants , hostelries and cafes in which to wine and dine .

It is an impressive selection with its choice ranging from Moroccan , Mandarin and Russian eating houses to Greek , Swiss and Turkish establishments .
it is an impressive [choice] with its choice ranging from moroccan , mandarin and russian eating houses to greek , swiss and turkish establishments .

You will find a selection on pages 54–64 .
you will find a [choice] on pages 54–64 .

In addition to the extensive Tandoori menu there is a wide selection of vegetarian dishes .
in addition to the extensive tandoori menu there is a wide [choice] of vegetarian dishes .

Wide selection of whiskies and beers .
wide [choice] of whiskies and beers .

Italian wines and beers and selection of whiskies .
italian wines and beers and [choice] of whiskies .

Mexican and German beers , Tequila and Mascal plus a variety of whiskies and a good selection of wines .
mexican and german beers , tequila and mascal plus a variety of whiskies and a good [choice] of wines .

Exciting selection of dishes excellently cooked .
exciting [choice] of dishes excellently cooked .

Over 50 wines , large selection of blended and malt whiskies .
over 50 wines , large [choice] of blended and malt whiskies .

There is a selection of wine and whiskies .
there is a [choice] of wine and whiskies .

Nice place to meet and have a glass of wine — from a very fine selection .
nice place to meet and have a glass of wine — from a very fine [choice] .

An extensive selection of whiskies and draught beers , real ale .
an extensive [choice] of whiskies and draught beers , real ale .

Extensive selection of French wines and malt whiskies .
extensive [choice] of french wines and malt whiskies .

Wide selection of French wines .
wide [choice] of french wines .

Fine selection of Italian dishes : Trout , scampi and steaks .
fine [choice] of italian dishes : trout , scampi and steaks .

Italian and German wine , malt whiskies , good selection of beers .
italian and german wine , malt whiskies , good [choice] of beers .

Selection of wines and beers .
[choice] of wines and beers .

Wide selection of beers .
wide [choice] of beers .

Interesting selection of Italian wines .
interesting [choice] of italian wines .

Available in the Bar is a selection of Tapas ( Spanish for snacks and savories ) as well as an interesting bar lunch menu .
available in the bar is a [choice] of tapas ( spanish for snacks and savories ) as well as an interesting bar lunch menu .

The Restaurant , although renowned for its seafood also boasts and good selection of meat and poultry dishes as well as vegetarian dishes e.g. the special vegetarian paella .
the restaurant , although renowned for its seafood also boasts and good [choice] of meat and poultry dishes as well as vegetarian dishes e.g. the special vegetarian paella .

Good selection of blended and malt whiskies , and beers .
good [choice] of blended and malt whiskies , and beers .

Continental menu with a fine selection of veal , chicken , beef and fish dishes .
continental menu with a fine [choice] of veal , chicken , beef and fish dishes .

Wine is available by glass , bottle or carafe , and there is a choice selection of spirits and beers .
wine is available by glass , bottle or carafe , and there is a choice [choice] of spirits and beers .

Good selection of wines , spirits and beers .
good [choice] of wines , spirits and beers .

In this old town mansion , only minutes from the West End , you will find a menu of some distinction , with emphasis on Spanish dishes and seafood plus a great Spanish wine selection .
in this old town mansion , only minutes from the west end , you will find a menu of some distinction , with emphasis on spanish dishes and seafood plus a great spanish wine [choice] .

There is a fine selection of Italian wines and also of blended and malt whiskies .
there is a fine [choice] of italian wines and also of blended and malt whiskies .

Extensive selection of wines , spirits and beers .
extensive [choice] of wines , spirits and beers .

Large selection of wines , malt and de luxe blended whiskies .
large [choice] of wines , malt and de luxe blended whiskies .

Interesting wine list , good selection of blended and malt whiskies .
interesting wine list , good [choice] of blended and malt whiskies .

Huge selection of wines and whiskies .
huge [choice] of wines and whiskies .

Good selection of whiskies and beers .
good [choice] of whiskies and beers .

Vast selection of whiskies and beers .
vast [choice] of whiskies and beers .

Fine selection of wines and spirits .
fine [choice] of wines and spirits .

Good selection of wines and malt whiskies .
good [choice] of wines and malt whiskies .

Offers a wide selection of hot and cold dishes , with Italian food their speciality , plus a choice of French and Italian wines .
offers a wide [choice] of hot and cold dishes , with italian food their speciality , plus a choice of french and italian wines .

Wide selection of beers .
wide [choice] of beers .

Good bar lunches noon–2 pm Monday–Saturday , plus a fine selection of draught products such as Becks , McEwans 80/ — and Stella Artois .
good bar lunches noon–2 pm monday–saturday , plus a fine [choice] of draught products such as becks , mcewans 80/ — and stella artois .

Large selection of whiskies .
large [choice] of whiskies .

Friendly lounge bar offering a Free House choice of a large selection of wines , beers and spirits .
friendly lounge bar offering a free house choice of a large [choice] of wines , beers and spirits .

Selection of blended and malt whiskies .
[choice] of blended and malt whiskies .

Good selection of beers , homemade pub grub lunches .
good [choice] of beers , homemade pub grub lunches .

Small selection of wines and good range of whiskies .
small [choice] of wines and good range of whiskies .

Good choice of wines , varied selection of blended and malt whiskies .
good choice of wines , varied [choice] of blended and malt whiskies .

Licensed wholefood restaurant with a remarkable selection of dishes .
licensed wholefood restaurant with a remarkable [choice] of dishes .

Selection effects may ensure that only the fittest survive to experience old age .
[choice] effects may ensure that only the fittest survive to experience old age .

In the apt selection of active incidents , the clear response of a hero to the challenge of danger and the support of interesting detail , Forester 's books followed the conventions of adventure-story which had governed ‘ boys ' stories ’ for two centuries and the undercurrent of irony in the presentation of Hornblower as reluctant hero was hardly insistent enough to perplex immature readers .
in the apt [choice] of active incidents , the clear response of a hero to the challenge of danger and the support of interesting detail , forester 's books followed the conventions of adventure-story which had governed ‘ boys ' stories ’ for two centuries and the undercurrent of irony in the presentation of hornblower as reluctant hero was hardly insistent enough to perplex immature readers .

The romantic element in adventure stones is one of several processes of selection by which a writer takes from his raw material — from real life , if you like — what he needs for his particular fiction .
the romantic element in adventure stones is one of several processes of [choice] by which a writer takes from his raw material — from real life , if you like — what he needs for his particular fiction .

The rise and fall of governments appeared to be a private arrangement , comfortably thrashed out among a selection of small Balkan states , vaguely situated , acknowledging no relationships outside the domestic circle .
the rise and fall of governments appeared to be a private arrangement , comfortably thrashed out among a [choice] of small balkan states , vaguely situated , acknowledging no relationships outside the domestic circle .

St Michael 's presents a selection of music and movement featuring Brighton Chamber Choir , Printer 's Measure , Brighton Steiner School Children 's Choir , Brighton Steiner School Students Eurythmists plus a variety of instrumentalists and singers .
st michael 's presents a [choice] of music and movement featuring brighton chamber choir , printer 's measure , brighton steiner school children 's choir , brighton steiner school students eurythmists plus a variety of instrumentalists and singers .

Selection of work by 14 contemporary Russian sculptors from studios in and around Moscow and Tallin , Estonia .
[choice] of work by 14 contemporary russian sculptors from studios in and around moscow and tallin , estonia .

Work by Newhaven based professional artists plus selection of photographs by guest artist Charlotte Macpherson , whose work will be featured in 1993 to mark the opening of a new gallery in Newhaven
work by newhaven based professional artists plus [choice] of photographs by guest artist charlotte macpherson , whose work will be featured in 1993 to mark the opening of a new gallery in newhaven

In chemistry the initial processes of purification are supposed to ensure that the sample is uncontaminated , and the processes of selection and isolation of materials , that it is typical .
in chemistry the initial processes of purification are supposed to ensure that the sample is uncontaminated , and the processes of [choice] and isolation of materials , that it is typical .

Our regency Cocktail Bar offers a large selection of beers , champagnes and spirits .
our regency cocktail bar offers a large [choice] of beers , champagnes and spirits .

The a la Carte offers a delightful selection , dishes flambé at your table , supported by many fine wines .
the a la carte offers a delightful [choice] , dishes flambé at your table , supported by many fine wines .

We offer a good selection of houses , bungalows flats and hotel bookings .
we offer a good [choice] of houses , bungalows flats and hotel bookings .

Pastel walls formed a tasteful background to a selection of mounted Sara Moon prints , fresh flowers were arranged in a crystal vase , and there was a pink shade on the small desk lamp .
pastel walls formed a tasteful background to a [choice] of mounted sara moon prints , fresh flowers were arranged in a crystal vase , and there was a pink shade on the small desk lamp .

Our hotel selection is vast , from the family-run two star to world famous properties such as the luxurious Cipriani in Venice .
our hotel [choice] is vast , from the family-run two star to world famous properties such as the luxurious cipriani in venice .

For those who wish to immerse themselves in our lovely landscapes , for 1992 we have a much expanded selection of country villas , castles and hotels of character , set in hidden away places often so obscure even we had trouble finding them !
for those who wish to immerse themselves in our lovely landscapes , for 1992 we have a much expanded [choice] of country villas , castles and hotels of character , set in hidden away places often so obscure even we had trouble finding them !

Even among a superb selection of hotels we do of course have a few favourites which we think are exceptional , and merit extra consideration .
even among a superb [choice] of hotels we do of course have a few favourites which we think are exceptional , and merit extra consideration .

The hotel is run as a sports club and offers a vast selection of sporting activities ( 1 June to 30 Sept ) included in the price .
the hotel is run as a sports club and offers a vast [choice] of sporting activities ( 1 june to 30 sept ) included in the price .

We discovered the beautiful scenery is not the only attraction of Monte Maggiore , and when we found the Residence Elena we felt , at once , that we just had to add it to our selection .
we discovered the beautiful scenery is not the only attraction of monte maggiore , and when we found the residence elena we felt , at once , that we just had to add it to our [choice] .

They can obtain fresh produce such as eggs and milk from the estate , even request a selection of fresh vegetables from the surrounding fields .
they can obtain fresh produce such as eggs and milk from the estate , even request a [choice] of fresh vegetables from the surrounding fields .

The legal mechanism for determining that judgment comprises a committee of three doctors , appointed by the family health services authority ( with specific criteria for their selection ) .
the legal mechanism for determining that judgment comprises a committee of three doctors , appointed by the family health services authority ( with specific criteria for their [choice] ) .

The transition from rookie to fighter pilot starts with two days of selection tests at Cranwell where computer games , each testing some facet of an entrant 's abilities , quickly turn frustratingly impossible .
the transition from rookie to fighter pilot starts with two days of [choice] tests at cranwell where computer games , each testing some facet of an entrant 's abilities , quickly turn frustratingly impossible .

Along with a selection from a list including women , animals , madmen , foreigners , slaves , patients and imbeciles , children have served in that great class of beings , the ‘ not-men ’ , in contrast with which male philosophers have defined and valued themselves .
along with a [choice] from a list including women , animals , madmen , foreigners , slaves , patients and imbeciles , children have served in that great class of beings , the ‘ not-men ’ , in contrast with which male philosophers have defined and valued themselves .

John Carr Joinery has an excellent selection of real wood bi-fold doors .
john carr joinery has an excellent [choice] of real wood bi-fold doors .

There is a good selection of components to put inside your wardrobe .
there is a good [choice] of components to put inside your wardrobe .

This month 's Top tip prize is a selection of Sandvik gardening tools .
this month 's top tip prize is a [choice] of sandvik gardening tools .

Main Picture , left Pale blue silk suit , £930 ; studded cotton T-shirt , about £300 ; studded leather belt , from a selection ; all by Gianni Versace .
main picture , left pale blue silk suit , £930 ; studded cotton t-shirt , about £300 ; studded leather belt , from a [choice] ; all by gianni versace .

Right Cream wool shorts suit , £2,013 ; scarf and bracelet , from a selection ; all by Gianni Versace .
right cream wool shorts suit , £2,013 ; scarf and bracelet , from a [choice] ; all by gianni versace .

Furthermore , in the period after 1944 when selection for secondary schools through the 11 + examination predominated , girls ' 11 + performances were weighted differently to boys ' performances so that girls achieved fewer places than their examination results indicated , and boys achieved more places than their results merited .
furthermore , in the period after 1944 when [choice] for secondary schools through the 11 + examination predominated , girls ' 11 + performances were weighted differently to boys ' performances so that girls achieved fewer places than their examination results indicated , and boys achieved more places than their results merited .

Overall there was a much more varied selection of entries this year both in regard to the wide assortment of subjects tackled and to the quality of the writing .
overall there was a much more varied [choice] of entries this year both in regard to the wide assortment of subjects tackled and to the quality of the writing .

They have taken a selection from their Cordillera , Appalachian , and Outback lines , adapted the harness to suit a women 's figure and called them the Nanda Devi range .
they have taken a [choice] from their cordillera , appalachian , and outback lines , adapted the harness to suit a women 's figure and called them the nanda devi range .

Above all , service was voluntary and thus not liable to produce the grievances that accompanied selection for compulsory service .
above all , service was voluntary and thus not liable to produce the grievances that accompanied [choice] for compulsory service .

The Anonimalle Chronicle 's account of de la Mare 's selection does not give the impression that it was usual to choose a speaker , though it is possible that the small groups which had appeared before the lords on behalf of the commons in earlier parliaments had chosen one of their number to speak on their behalf .
the anonimalle chronicle 's account of de la mare 's [choice] does not give the impression that it was usual to choose a speaker , though it is possible that the small groups which had appeared before the lords on behalf of the commons in earlier parliaments had chosen one of their number to speak on their behalf .

‘ City Limits ’ features a series of modern novels set in cities by a selection of writers including Jeanette Winterson , Philip Kerr and Mordecai Richler .
‘ city limits ’ features a series of modern novels set in cities by a [choice] of writers including jeanette winterson , philip kerr and mordecai richler .

Alex Ferry , confederation general secretary , said workers were saying managers were telling them compulsory redundancies were essential and warning of a ‘ last in , first out ’ selection procedure .
alex ferry , confederation general secretary , said workers were saying managers were telling them compulsory redundancies were essential and warning of a ‘ last in , first out ’ [choice] procedure .

‘ All our work has shown that the selection of the corridor is right , ’ he added .
‘ all our work has shown that the [choice] of the corridor is right , ’ he added .

The stream sediment may not , therefore , reflect local bedrock composition but that of exotic glacial deposits , and care is needed in site selection and data interpretation .
the stream sediment may not , therefore , reflect local bedrock composition but that of exotic glacial deposits , and care is needed in site [choice] and data interpretation .

The grass was added in staccatto strokes from the angular corners of a selection of Polychromos Pastels , offering a tonal scale of green colour values .
the grass was added in staccatto strokes from the angular corners of a [choice] of polychromos pastels , offering a tonal scale of green colour values .

The Fine Arts will be represented by an exhibition ‘ Twelve Stars ’ , which offers the British public an opportunity to view a selection of contemporary art from the European parliament 's Collection .
the fine arts will be represented by an exhibition ‘ twelve stars ’ , which offers the british public an opportunity to view a [choice] of contemporary art from the european parliament 's collection .

For desserts and digestifs where better than the Christ Church Picture Gallery , Canterbury Gate & Oriel Square where a selection of the College 's renowned collection of Old Master drawings will be on view .
for desserts and digestifs where better than the christ church picture gallery , canterbury gate & oriel square where a [choice] of the college 's renowned collection of old master drawings will be on view .

The work of actuaries in investment has been rapidly expanding over recent years in the following areas : financial measurement and control ; capital management and corporate risk ; strategic and tactical asset allocation ; systematic stock selection ; stochastic investment models and performance measurement .
the work of actuaries in investment has been rapidly expanding over recent years in the following areas : financial measurement and control ; capital management and corporate risk ; strategic and tactical asset allocation ; systematic stock [choice] ; stochastic investment models and performance measurement .

Only a selection can be mentioned here .
only a [choice] can be mentioned here .

Selection of appropriate communication media , including the use of notice boards , paging devices and public address systems .
[choice] of appropriate communication media , including the use of notice boards , paging devices and public address systems .

‘ The ability to derive quantative data from the core within hours of coring played a significant role in selection of drill stem test intervals and enabled Statoil to maximise the effectiveness of expensive and time-consuming critical processes .
‘ the ability to derive quantative data from the core within hours of coring played a significant role in [choice] of drill stem test intervals and enabled statoil to maximise the effectiveness of expensive and time-consuming critical processes .

Onboard seismic and navigation data processing enabled early interpretation of data and selection of the well location within weeks of the data being acquired .
onboard seismic and navigation data processing enabled early interpretation of data and [choice] of the well location within weeks of the data being acquired .

Given the response of colleges in session 1987–88 we anticipate that the Council will have to make a selection and , in inviting colleges to progress their proposals , will consider the extent to which proposals will :
given the response of colleges in session 1987–88 we anticipate that the council will have to make a [choice] and , in inviting colleges to progress their proposals , will consider the extent to which proposals will :

The balance of panel membership was sometimes questioned and there is a need for careful selection of members to ensure an adequate complement of expertise .
the balance of panel membership was sometimes questioned and there is a need for careful [choice] of members to ensure an adequate complement of expertise .

Careful selection of Options enables the Certificand and the Diplomate to achieve a suitable personal profile in terms of future career plans .
careful [choice] of options enables the certificand and the diplomate to achieve a suitable personal profile in terms of future career plans .

Priority will be given to the development of a broader selection of premium casual products , to the repositioning of the Johnson Brothers ' brand and to further strengthening Wedgwood 's premium product offerings .
priority will be given to the development of a broader [choice] of premium casual products , to the repositioning of the johnson brothers ' brand and to further strengthening wedgwood 's premium product offerings .

Activities undertaken include devising a strategy for marketing in Europe , creating a European product/service strategy and the selection of European channels of distribution .
activities undertaken include devising a strategy for marketing in europe , creating a european product/service strategy and the [choice] of european channels of distribution .

In the selection of prizewinners , the criterion applied would not require comparison of one student against another but rather would require the comparison of one student 's achievement against previous expectations .
in the [choice] of prizewinners , the criterion applied would not require comparison of one student against another but rather would require the comparison of one student 's achievement against previous expectations .

In its reply the profession , while acknowledging its willingness to co-operate in the provision of relevant additional information , expressed concern that concentration on expenses and charges , while ignoring more important aspects of product and company selection such as the investment return , might not be in the best interests of consumers .
in its reply the profession , while acknowledging its willingness to co-operate in the provision of relevant additional information , expressed concern that concentration on expenses and charges , while ignoring more important aspects of product and company [choice] such as the investment return , might not be in the best interests of consumers .

Finally , Mr Murray said that he had received numerous letters about the selection of the typeface ( Courier ) for all our future correspondence and due to the strength of feeling on this and other layout issues it has been decided to set up a Keyboard Operators panel to discuss the way forward .
finally , mr murray said that he had received numerous letters about the [choice] of the typeface ( courier ) for all our future correspondence and due to the strength of feeling on this and other layout issues it has been decided to set up a keyboard operators panel to discuss the way forward .

The new Coalport range has been further enhanced with a wide selection of new collector 's plates , giftware , cottages and florals .
the new coalport range has been further enhanced with a wide [choice] of new collector 's plates , giftware , cottages and florals .

It is hoped to launch a selection in the summer .
it is hoped to launch a [choice] in the summer .

There was a substantial improvement in the Personal Motor account which continues to benefit from careful risk selection and a lower underlying claims frequency .
there was a substantial improvement in the personal motor account which continues to benefit from careful risk [choice] and a lower underlying claims frequency .

But the recession may even be healthy in making it more difficult to publish the second-rate , he argues : rather than having a clear strategy of which subjects they would concentrate on , far too many academic publishers were happy simply to print a selection of the manuscripts they were sent , including multi-authored books and conference proceedings which tended to be of limited academic market .
but the recession may even be healthy in making it more difficult to publish the second-rate , he argues : rather than having a clear strategy of which subjects they would concentrate on , far too many academic publishers were happy simply to print a [choice] of the manuscripts they were sent , including multi-authored books and conference proceedings which tended to be of limited academic market .

The selection of projects offered during 1992 was particularly varied , ranging from a new business park in Snowdonia , to an extensive urban planning exercise near the River Tyne , and finally the design of a mausoleum .
the [choice] of projects offered during 1992 was particularly varied , ranging from a new business park in snowdonia , to an extensive urban planning exercise near the river tyne , and finally the design of a mausoleum .

Selection of the supplier was achieved in April and development of the detailed software specification was completed by the end of the year .
[choice] of the supplier was achieved in april and development of the detailed software specification was completed by the end of the year .

They include : approval of the headteacher 's plans for use of the capitation allowance ; participation in the selection of senior school staff ; and control of the use of school premises outside of school hours .
they include : approval of the headteacher 's plans for use of the capitation allowance ; participation in the [choice] of senior school staff ; and control of the use of school premises outside of school hours .

’ Also , selection would be a matter of agreement — ‘ it 's not intended to be a matter imposing a choice on the board ’ .
’ also , [choice] would be a matter of agreement — ‘ it 's not intended to be a matter imposing a choice on the board ’ .

Health , cleanliness and comfort are of the highest concern in the selection of the beds and pillows for the hotel sector .
health , cleanliness and comfort are of the highest concern in the [choice] of the beds and pillows for the hotel sector .

Alasdair MacCormick , who runs Law Practice Management , a consultancy which advises on the selection of computer systems , feels that knowing how computers work is not important .
alasdair maccormick , who runs law practice management , a consultancy which advises on the [choice] of computer systems , feels that knowing how computers work is not important .

There is then the question of the selection of topics for these courses — should teachers avoid significant historical events simply because men predominate in them ?
there is then the question of the [choice] of topics for these courses — should teachers avoid significant historical events simply because men predominate in them ?

Consideration of the key factors involved and judicious selection of the techniques to be used is a pre-requisite for cost effective improvement .
consideration of the key factors involved and judicious [choice] of the techniques to be used is a pre-requisite for cost effective improvement .

Is there , for you , a true picture of Edinburgh on film ? There is a limited selection from which to choose .
is there , for you , a true picture of edinburgh on film ? there is a limited [choice] from which to choose .

, to issues of selection of events and confidentiality .
, to issues of [choice] of events and confidentiality .

The way in which messages are encoded — the particular selection and combination of signs — has a direct effect on the way in which they are received , and meaning is also conveyed through the content , style and tone of the signifiers .
the way in which messages are encoded — the particular [choice] and combination of signs — has a direct effect on the way in which they are received , and meaning is also conveyed through the content , style and tone of the signifiers .

One of the first tasks of the group is to agree the criteria for site selection .
one of the first tasks of the group is to agree the criteria for site [choice] .

where there are more old jobs than new the ring fence will be placed around the staff in the old posts — and selection for the new jobs will be by competition .
where there are more old jobs than new the ring fence will be placed around the staff in the old posts — and [choice] for the new jobs will be by competition .

’ She is n't happy with the selection , ’ he said .
’ she is n't happy with the [choice] , ’ he said .

This prospectus describes the rich selection of courses on offer : over 160 taught postgraduate programmes , and over 120 different academic subjects for degrees by research .
this prospectus describes the rich [choice] of courses on offer : over 160 taught postgraduate programmes , and over 120 different academic subjects for degrees by research .

The University 's Main Library houses some 55,000 Chinese-language books and periodicals , also an impressive selection of Western-language books on East Asia .
the university 's main library houses some 55,000 chinese-language books and periodicals , also an impressive [choice] of western-language books on east asia .

In the area of population genetics , theoretical and experimental work is aimed at the process of evolution , natural and artificial selection .
in the area of population genetics , theoretical and experimental work is aimed at the process of evolution , natural and artificial [choice] .

The complete set should be chosen to form a coherent body of knowledge and , similarly , the project choice should complement the student 's principal theme and module selection .
the complete set should be chosen to form a coherent body of knowledge and , similarly , the project choice should complement the student 's principal theme and module [choice] .

’ The Anti-Rex glared defiance at the selection of water-pistols pointing down at him .
’ the anti-rex glared defiance at the [choice] of water-pistols pointing down at him .

Here they are ! The finest selection of Living Flame fires and surrounds you will find anywhere . Whatever you choice of fire , whatever the decor of your room — you can be sure to find something that 's just right for you …
here they are ! the finest [choice] of living flame fires and surrounds you will find anywhere . whatever you choice of fire , whatever the decor of your room — you can be sure to find something that 's just right for you …

They parked nearby , and bought a huge selection .
they parked nearby , and bought a huge [choice] .

The Council , the notes explained , aimed ‘ to afford colleges conducting courses the same freedoms as universities have in the framing of curricula and syllabuses and the selection , teaching and examination of students ’ .
the council , the notes explained , aimed ‘ to afford colleges conducting courses the same freedoms as universities have in the framing of curricula and syllabuses and the [choice] , teaching and examination of students ’ .

The standard of a course is reflected in the pace and the treatment of the material , which makes it appropriate for graduates , but other managers of equivalent ability but who are not graduates are also eligible for selection .
the standard of a course is reflected in the pace and the treatment of the material , which makes it appropriate for graduates , but other managers of equivalent ability but who are not graduates are also eligible for [choice] .

The reason is that all males are potential — and usually actual — competitors for females ; hence sexual selection favours males who optimize male characteristics .
the reason is that all males are potential — and usually actual — competitors for females ; hence sexual [choice] favours males who optimize male characteristics .

In gelada-like populations selection will favour males who are most successfully competitive with other males for ownership of females and young .
in gelada-like populations [choice] will favour males who are most successfully competitive with other males for ownership of females and young .

However , once a hunting group acquired females and retained its cooperative , more egalitarian social structure , immense benefits in terms of natural selection would follow mainly because survival — and therefore evolutionary fitness — would be greatly enhanced for all , in contrast to the previous foraging way of life with its great limitations on mutual support , its dietary individualism , lack of home-bases , poor nutrition and so on .
however , once a hunting group acquired females and retained its cooperative , more egalitarian social structure , immense benefits in terms of natural [choice] would follow mainly because survival — and therefore evolutionary fitness — would be greatly enhanced for all , in contrast to the previous foraging way of life with its great limitations on mutual support , its dietary individualism , lack of home-bases , poor nutrition and so on .

The honours programme is structured so that , in addition to their language studies , students take a selection of options , covering areas of Russian literature , including some study of art and film ; recent political , social and cultural developments ; and the possibility of acquiring another Slavonic language , Polish or Serbo-Croat .
the honours programme is structured so that , in addition to their language studies , students take a [choice] of options , covering areas of russian literature , including some study of art and film ; recent political , social and cultural developments ; and the possibility of acquiring another slavonic language , polish or serbo-croat .

Selection Process Each application is considered on its merits with a view to assessing fairly whether the applicant will make a good doctor .
[choice] process each application is considered on its merits with a view to assessing fairly whether the applicant will make a good doctor .

Most degree courses have very flexible structures and allow students to include subjects of special interest to them from the large selection available in the University .
most degree courses have very flexible structures and allow students to include subjects of special interest to them from the large [choice] available in the university .

Selection of Degree
[choice] of degree

In second year , students choose a range of half courses from a selection including Environmental Sensitivity and Change , Geomorphology and Land Environment Information Systems .
in second year , students choose a range of half courses from a [choice] including environmental sensitivity and change , geomorphology and land environment information systems .

Students following the degree course take , in addition to Geophysics , a selection of courses from Mathematics , Applied Mathematics , Physics , Geology , and Astronomy .
students following the degree course take , in addition to geophysics , a [choice] of courses from mathematics , applied mathematics , physics , geology , and astronomy .

By a judicious selection of courses in the first two years students may apply for transfer to a different joint or single honours degree .
by a judicious [choice] of courses in the first two years students may apply for transfer to a different joint or single honours degree .

In second year , students choose from a selection of courses including : Economic Landscape , Environmental Sensitivity and Change , and Social Landscape .
in second year , students choose from a [choice] of courses including : economic landscape , environmental sensitivity and change , and social landscape .

The grades shown above for course requirement purposes should normally be obtained at the first attempt , but the Selection Committee may waive this requirement in exceptional cases , eg mature students showing academic ability and strong motivation , or on compassionate grounds .
the grades shown above for course requirement purposes should normally be obtained at the first attempt , but the [choice] committee may waive this requirement in exceptional cases , eg mature students showing academic ability and strong motivation , or on compassionate grounds .

Selection Process Each application is considered on its merits with a view to assessing fairly whether the applicant will enhance the veterinary profession .
[choice] process each application is considered on its merits with a view to assessing fairly whether the applicant will enhance the veterinary profession .

Corporatism differs from pluralism in its interpretation of the role of interest groups by stressing the control which the state exerts over the selection of groups to be incorporated into the policy-making process .
corporatism differs from pluralism in its interpretation of the role of interest groups by stressing the control which the state exerts over the [choice] of groups to be incorporated into the policy-making process .

While pluralist groups are not licensed , recognized , subsidized , created or controlled by the state and do not monopolize the representation of interests within their functional areas , those of corporate society are granted a monopoly of representative activities ‘ in exchange for observing certain controls on their selection of leaders and articulation of demands and supports ’ ( Schmitter 1979 ) .
while pluralist groups are not licensed , recognized , subsidized , created or controlled by the state and do not monopolize the representation of interests within their functional areas , those of corporate society are granted a monopoly of representative activities ‘ in exchange for observing certain controls on their [choice] of leaders and articulation of demands and supports ’ ( schmitter 1979 ) .

Despite careful selection , many centres with a large experience of restorative proctocolectomy now report a small number of patients who turn out to have Crohn 's disease .
despite careful [choice] , many centres with a large experience of restorative proctocolectomy now report a small number of patients who turn out to have crohn 's disease .

Thus , the third phase of progress in the 1970s was characterised by selection for surgery of the most favourable cases with the expectation that those not selected for treatment would die .
thus , the third phase of progress in the 1970s was characterised by [choice] for surgery of the most favourable cases with the expectation that those not selected for treatment would die .

Selection , management , and early outcome of 113 patients with symptomatic gall stone treated by percutaneous cholecystolithotomy
[choice] , management , and early outcome of 113 patients with symptomatic gall stone treated by percutaneous cholecystolithotomy

In this prospective study , we describe our unique experience in the selection and management of 113 patients treated by percutaneous cholecystolithotomy and assess early outcome with regard to symptoms , stone recurrence and gall bladder function .
in this prospective study , we describe our unique experience in the [choice] and management of 113 patients treated by percutaneous cholecystolithotomy and assess early outcome with regard to symptoms , stone recurrence and gall bladder function .

Selection for these techniques depended on the clinical features including patient fitness , a detailed ultrasound assessment and patient preference .
[choice] for these techniques depended on the clinical features including patient fitness , a detailed ultrasound assessment and patient preference .

After an initial slice selection procedure , the nuclear magnetic resonance signal is subjected simultaneously to two modulated magnetic field gradients .
after an initial slice [choice] procedure , the nuclear magnetic resonance signal is subjected simultaneously to two modulated magnetic field gradients .

Patient selection
patient [choice]

In this regard there is subsequent selection of specialised lineages of columnar mucous partly as a result of change in the phenotype of the relatively exposed squamous ( or glandular ) stem cells .
in this regard there is subsequent [choice] of specialised lineages of columnar mucous partly as a result of change in the phenotype of the relatively exposed squamous ( or glandular ) stem cells .

The main dining room , which overlooks the river , offers salad bar , hot dishes and a vegetarian selection plus a range of desserts , fresh fruit and cheeseboard .
the main dining room , which overlooks the river , offers salad bar , hot dishes and a vegetarian [choice] plus a range of desserts , fresh fruit and cheeseboard .

The Magnolia dining room caters for the smaller appetite , with a selection of filled rolls and home-made soups .
the magnolia dining room caters for the smaller appetite , with a [choice] of filled rolls and home-made soups .

Each year , participants from over fifty countries come and enjoy ‘ The Henley Experience ’ with its unique opportunities for personal and team development founded on sophisticated selection and evaluation processes .
each year , participants from over fifty countries come and enjoy ‘ the henley experience ’ with its unique opportunities for personal and team development founded on sophisticated [choice] and evaluation processes .

Sputum testing was not carried out as part of the selection process .
sputum testing was not carried out as part of the [choice] process .

Yet as soon as people harbour parasites ( 70 % of sub-Saharan Africans ) those parasites are potentially exposed to selection under drug pressure .
yet as soon as people harbour parasites ( 70 % of sub-saharan africans ) those parasites are potentially exposed to [choice] under drug pressure .

The success of any treatment depends on good selection of patients ; so more time and effort should be spent on assessing the severity of menstrual blood loss before surgery .
the success of any treatment depends on good [choice] of patients ; so more time and effort should be spent on assessing the severity of menstrual blood loss before surgery .

‘ My guess is they 've got a photocopier in the back of the van , and a typewriter and a selection of envelopes .
‘ my guess is they 've got a photocopier in the back of the van , and a typewriter and a [choice] of envelopes .

Werewolf had one foot on the dashboard and was sorting through Tel 's selection of tapes , grunting disapproval at most of the titles .
werewolf had one foot on the dashboard and was sorting through tel 's [choice] of tapes , grunting disapproval at most of the titles .

Programmed ventricular stimulation not only helps to guide the selection of antiarrhythmic drug therapy but also provides important prognostic information .
programmed ventricular stimulation not only helps to guide the [choice] of antiarrhythmic drug therapy but also provides important prognostic information .

Moreover , readers by now will not be surprised to learn that political considerations ( rather than goods-specific externalities ) have been picked out in order to explain the selection of other forms of subsidies than cash transfers ( Browning 1975 ) .
moreover , readers by now will not be surprised to learn that political considerations ( rather than goods-specific externalities ) have been picked out in order to explain the [choice] of other forms of subsidies than cash transfers ( browning 1975 ) .

10–3 allows the selection of a point like where there is simultaneously equilibrium in the market for real cash balances-the money market- and the market for output-the product market .
10–3 allows the [choice] of a point like where there is simultaneously equilibrium in the market for real cash balances-the money market- and the market for output-the product market .

With these data , the analysis of the selection of a project size can proceed .
with these data , the analysis of the [choice] of a project size can proceed .

Index Pages These provide lists of options , from which the user must make a selection to access particular facilities .
index pages these provide lists of options , from which the user must make a [choice] to access particular facilities .

Two methods of selection are allowed :
two methods of [choice] are allowed :

Selection from the displays of successive index pages .
[choice] from the displays of successive index pages .

Direct page addressing by entering the succession of actual option numbers as a single selection .
direct page addressing by entering the succession of actual option numbers as a single [choice] .

Intermediate development versions introduced to the database by latest selection are not referenced by any package and therefore can not be sent offline in this fashion .
intermediate development versions introduced to the database by latest [choice] are not referenced by any package and therefore can not be sent offline in this fashion .

1114 Invalid package selection :
1114 invalid package [choice] :

1304 Invalid package selection :
1304 invalid package [choice] :

1314 , 1401 Invalid package selection :
1314 , 1401 invalid package [choice] :

3119 Invalid package selection :
3119 invalid package [choice] :

3154 Invalid module selection :
3154 invalid module [choice] :

The user has specified an invalid selection of a module .
the user has specified an invalid [choice] of a module .

Note that when listing by latest version , the actual version number in the package selection is used to list contained packages .
note that when listing by latest version , the actual version number in the package [choice] is used to list contained packages .

The selection must be one of the following :
the [choice] must be one of the following :

This key displays the Cache form for user selection .
this key displays the cache form for user [choice] .

If this field is left blank , the selection will default to Latest .
if this field is left blank , the [choice] will default to latest .

Selection ( Display Field )
[choice] ( display field )

If this field is left blank , the selection will default to Latest .
if this field is left blank , the [choice] will default to latest .

Selection ( Display Field )
[choice] ( display field )

If this field is left blank , the selection will default to Latest .
if this field is left blank , the [choice] will default to latest .

If this field is left blank , the selection will default to Latest .
if this field is left blank , the [choice] will default to latest .

The Package Name and Issue fields are self explanatory , The Selection column shows how each package selects the package immediately below it in the structure ; ie .
the package name and issue fields are self explanatory , the [choice] column shows how each package selects the package immediately below it in the structure ; ie .

If this field is left blank , the selection will default to Latest .
if this field is left blank , the [choice] will default to latest .

Selection ( Optional Input/Display Field )
[choice] ( optional input/display field )

You may provide one of the selection criteria to indicate the status the SPRs must have attained in order to be included in the listing . The selection criteria are :
you may provide one of the [choice] criteria to indicate the status the sprs must have attained in order to be included in the listing . the [choice] criteria are :

Selection ( Optional Input/Display Field )
[choice] ( optional input/display field )

You may provide one of the selection criteria to indicate the status the SPRs must have attained in order to be included in the listing . The selection criteria are :
you may provide one of the [choice] criteria to indicate the status the sprs must have attained in order to be included in the listing . the [choice] criteria are :

Selection ( Optional Input/Display Field )
[choice] ( optional input/display field )

You may provide one of the selection criteria to indicate the status the SPRs must have attained in order to be included in the listing . The selection criteria are :
you may provide one of the [choice] criteria to indicate the status the sprs must have attained in order to be included in the listing . the [choice] criteria are :

If this field is left blank , the selection will default to Latest .
if this field is left blank , the [choice] will default to latest .

Selection ( Display Field )
[choice] ( display field )

Error in Selection field .
error in [choice] field .

Selection Error — Please select one item
[choice] error — please select one item

Betty was given a large selection of presents , all carefully chosen .
betty was given a large [choice] of presents , all carefully chosen .

The range cleverly combines a diversity of abstract design styles from classical to modern in a well balanced selection .
the range cleverly combines a diversity of abstract design styles from classical to modern in a well balanced [choice] .

Selection pressure operates on all stages of life cycles and has profound effects on the physiology and biochemistry of parasites .
[choice] pressure operates on all stages of life cycles and has profound effects on the physiology and biochemistry of parasites .

’ The carpets , together with a Chenille loom and a selection of valuable hand painting carpet designs , will be displayed in an area representing Glasgow 's industrial heritage of which the well-known Templeton 's factory played a significant part .
’ the carpets , together with a chenille loom and a [choice] of valuable hand painting carpet designs , will be displayed in an area representing glasgow 's industrial heritage of which the well-known templeton 's factory played a significant part .

To whet the appetite — a selection of treasured places to visit , enjoy , and visit again and again .
to whet the appetite — a [choice] of treasured places to visit , enjoy , and visit again and again .

Testing may involve an examination of individual items as they pass through each procedure in the system or the selection of different items for each procedure tested .
testing may involve an examination of individual items as they pass through each procedure in the system or the [choice] of different items for each procedure tested .

The process of selection may be either judgmental ( relying heavily on an individual auditor 's skill and expertise ) or statistical ( as is often the case in external audits ) .
the process of [choice] may be either judgmental ( relying heavily on an individual auditor 's skill and expertise ) or statistical ( as is often the case in external audits ) .

The selection of a method of financing must reflect the sponsor 's objectives for the project .
the [choice] of a method of financing must reflect the sponsor 's objectives for the project .

The selection of the most appropriate structure will depend on the degree to which participants are prepared to commit themselves financially , their desire to retain ownership and the risks and obligations entailed .
the [choice] of the most appropriate structure will depend on the degree to which participants are prepared to commit themselves financially , their desire to retain ownership and the risks and obligations entailed .

Selection of options
[choice] of options

To ensure that the short-list produces a robust selection , it is necessary to appraise each of the options against common criteria .
to ensure that the short-list produces a robust [choice] , it is necessary to appraise each of the options against common criteria .

Project selection
project [choice]

The main contractor is not responsible for the selection of nominated subcontractors .
the main contractor is not responsible for the [choice] of nominated subcontractors .

On large projects , particularly in heavy civil engineering , effective plant selection is crucial for effective cost control and needs to be used and controlled to meet the overall project objectives .
on large projects , particularly in heavy civil engineering , effective plant [choice] is crucial for effective cost control and needs to be used and controlled to meet the overall project objectives .

Mutations are continually occurring in nature and are the basis for breeding — indeed they are a prerequisite for the evolutionary process of natural selection .
mutations are continually occurring in nature and are the basis for breeding — indeed they are a prerequisite for the evolutionary process of natural [choice] .

Historically , increases in yield or improvements in specific traits have been achieved by classical breeding techniques involving crossing , back-crossing and selection .
historically , increases in yield or improvements in specific traits have been achieved by classical breeding techniques involving crossing , back-crossing and [choice] .

Literary selection : ‘ Without You ’ by Adrian Henri .
literary [choice] : ‘ without you ’ by adrian henri .

At CompuAdd , we 've streamlined the whole process of network selection , installation and support .
at compuadd , we 've streamlined the whole process of network [choice] , installation and support .

We 've even streamlined the selection process … 1 .
we 've even streamlined the [choice] process … 1 .

The Simple Route to CompuAdd Network Selection
the simple route to compuadd network [choice]

The trial of Marion Barry , the mayor of Washington , accused of cocaine possession and perjury , opened on June 4 with the lengthy process of jury selection .
the trial of marion barry , the mayor of washington , accused of cocaine possession and perjury , opened on june 4 with the lengthy process of jury [choice] .

Whilst the process of jury selection was still under way , Barry made a television address on June 13 in which he announced that he would not stand for re-election for a fourth term in November 1990 , but would serve the remainder of his current four-year term , due to expire on Jan. 2 , 1991 .
whilst the process of jury [choice] was still under way , barry made a television address on june 13 in which he announced that he would not stand for re-election for a fourth term in november 1990 , but would serve the remainder of his current four-year term , due to expire on jan. 2 , 1991 .

Jury selection was completed on June 18 .
jury [choice] was completed on june 18 .

Serving : * a wide selection of draught and bottled beers . * a comprehensive stock of liqueurs and spirits * wines by the glass
serving : * a wide [choice] of draught and bottled beers . * a comprehensive stock of liqueurs and spirits * wines by the glass

the Playhouse has a large selection of stage properties for hire .
the playhouse has a large [choice] of stage properties for hire .

Selection would depend on points allocated for criteria including age and experience , proficiency in English and British links .
[choice] would depend on points allocated for criteria including age and experience , proficiency in english and british links .

Delegate selection — Suggested postponement of congress
delegate [choice] — suggested postponement of congress

The subcommittee approved a Legco voting system under which legislation would require the approval of three separate groups of members , distinguished by their mode of selection to the council .
the subcommittee approved a legco voting system under which legislation would require the approval of three separate groups of members , distinguished by their mode of [choice] to the council .

The selection of alcohol-free and lower alcohol drinks for the adult , discerning drinker is increasing .
the [choice] of alcohol-free and lower alcohol drinks for the adult , discerning drinker is increasing .

Tesco has been at the forefront of development and the selection we offer reflects our commitment to this area of growing interest and our concern for healthier lifestyles .
tesco has been at the forefront of development and the [choice] we offer reflects our commitment to this area of growing interest and our concern for healthier lifestyles .

They also agreed that there was not time to create a civil service law , but said that civil servants should be reassured that past political affiliation should not affect future job selection processes .
they also agreed that there was not time to create a civil service law , but said that civil servants should be reassured that past political affiliation should not affect future job [choice] processes .

The students also questioned Yuan Mu about the fate of Zhao Ziyang and the selection of Jiang Zemin as Zhao 's successor but received no answers .
the students also questioned yuan mu about the fate of zhao ziyang and the [choice] of jiang zemin as zhao 's successor but received no answers .

An Introduction to the National Selection Scheme for Post Graduate Students in the Life Sciences and the Compendium of Research Topics
an introduction to the national [choice] scheme for post graduate students in the life sciences and the compendium of research topics

The National Executive Council resigned but was re-appointed on an interim basis pending the selection by Soglo of a transitional government .
the national executive council resigned but was re-appointed on an interim basis pending the [choice] by soglo of a transitional government .

No details were released of selection procedures for this committee , members of which were to be represented in the Legco until 2003 .
no details were released of [choice] procedures for this committee , members of which were to be represented in the legco until 2003 .

It covers attitudes , relationships , behaviour , selection of content , manner of teaching , way of speaking to pupils , and so forth .
it covers attitudes , relationships , behaviour , [choice] of content , manner of teaching , way of speaking to pupils , and so forth .

These were only small and tentative steps , however , towards more effective central selection and control of young diplomats .
these were only small and tentative steps , however , towards more effective central [choice] and control of young diplomats .

The underlying themes have been spelled out already . What is the relationship between human nature and human culture ? Is anthropology a science or an art ? Do the protean variations of culture somehow reflect a principle of social evolution through adaptation to the environment which is directly analogous to the process of physical evolution that is postulated in the Darwin-Mendel theory of the " survival of the fittest " through genetic natural selection ? Should the social anthropologists abandon the pretence that they are natural scientists in disguise and think of themselves only as " scientists " in Vico 's sense — scholars in pursuit of understanding ? In that case should they perhaps think of variations in human culture as expressions of permutations in the working of the human mind ?
the underlying themes have been spelled out already . what is the relationship between human nature and human culture ? is anthropology a science or an art ? do the protean variations of culture somehow reflect a principle of social evolution through adaptation to the environment which is directly analogous to the process of physical evolution that is postulated in the darwin-mendel theory of the " survival of the fittest " through genetic natural [choice] ? should the social anthropologists abandon the pretence that they are natural scientists in disguise and think of themselves only as " scientists " in vico 's sense — scholars in pursuit of understanding ? in that case should they perhaps think of variations in human culture as expressions of permutations in the working of the human mind ?

The careful selection of the most logical buyers in order to reduce circulation size can therefore be a wasted effort .
the careful [choice] of the most logical buyers in order to reduce circulation size can therefore be a wasted effort .

This stage in the sale process involves eliciting written indicative offers from potential purchasers , cultivating relationships , assessing offers and interest and advising the client on the selection on the preferred bidder .
this stage in the sale process involves eliciting written indicative offers from potential purchasers , cultivating relationships , assessing offers and interest and advising the client on the [choice] on the preferred bidder .

The selection of the preferred bidder will be made in conjunction with the client and may well hinge on factors other than the highest price ( i.e .
the [choice] of the preferred bidder will be made in conjunction with the client and may well hinge on factors other than the highest price ( i.e .

An example letter concerning the selection of the preferred bidder is included at section 1102.19 .
an example letter concerning the [choice] of the preferred bidder is included at section 1102.19 .

The selection of the preferred bidder from the second phase is straight forward in the case of the strict auction in that it will be the highest bidder .
the [choice] of the preferred bidder from the second phase is straight forward in the case of the strict auction in that it will be the highest bidder .

Stage 5 Selection of a preferred bidder
stage 5 [choice] of a preferred bidder

Selection of preferred party
[choice] of preferred party

Selection of preferred parties
[choice] of preferred parties

1102.19 Letter to client concerning the selection of the preferred bidder
1102.19 letter to client concerning the [choice] of the preferred bidder

Armed with this information we had made plans which included a selection of deadbaits , the bulk of which were squid and a modest number of Tropicana boilies , all of which came from Richworth Streamselect .
armed with this information we had made plans which included a [choice] of deadbaits , the bulk of which were squid and a modest number of tropicana boilies , all of which came from richworth streamselect .

In contrast the American pairings were a mere nine under par between them , albeit on an afternoon when the wind was swirling around the course causing all sorts of problems with club selection .
in contrast the american pairings were a mere nine under par between them , albeit on an afternoon when the wind was swirling around the course causing all sorts of problems with club [choice] .

The long term objective of this research is to develop a means to assist in the selection of appropriate problems .
the long term objective of this research is to develop a means to assist in the [choice] of appropriate problems .

recruitment , selection , appraisal , development , motivation , salary structures , discipline , dismissal and on the characteristics of unions which are recruiting managers , on the extent that managerial unionists experience conflicts of interests between their employer and the union , on the extent to which they tend to be ‘ moderate ’ or ‘ militant ’ and on how managers ' unions relate to other unions .
recruitment , [choice] , appraisal , development , motivation , salary structures , discipline , dismissal and on the characteristics of unions which are recruiting managers , on the extent that managerial unionists experience conflicts of interests between their employer and the union , on the extent to which they tend to be ‘ moderate ’ or ‘ militant ’ and on how managers ' unions relate to other unions .

This will involve a review of existing habitat surveys , and other data sources in order to provide a basis for the selection of areas for detailed fieldwork and allow an assessment of their relevance to conservation planning .
this will involve a review of existing habitat surveys , and other data sources in order to provide a basis for the [choice] of areas for detailed fieldwork and allow an assessment of their relevance to conservation planning .

Model testing and model selection with application to exchange rate analysis
model testing and model [choice] with application to exchange rate analysis

the selection in the light of these of priority issues in the areas presented ;
the [choice] in the light of these of priority issues in the areas presented ;

The study will seek to fill a gap in the research literature concerning both the extent of science coverage in the mass media and an understanding of the factors which influence the selection and presentation of science to a wider media audience .
the study will seek to fill a gap in the research literature concerning both the extent of science coverage in the mass media and an understanding of the factors which influence the [choice] and presentation of science to a wider media audience .

In focusing on the criteria of selection and presentation of science in the mass media , the study will contribute to the wider current debate and research effort into sources and media for the public understanding of science .
in focusing on the criteria of [choice] and presentation of science in the mass media , the study will contribute to the wider current debate and research effort into sources and media for the public understanding of science .

The expectations derived from the initial model of organisation structure and supplier-customer relationships will be examined by case studies , using a small number of suppliers and a selection of appropriate customers .
the expectations derived from the initial model of organisation structure and supplier-customer relationships will be examined by case studies , using a small number of suppliers and a [choice] of appropriate customers .

Because complementary medicine is a highly diverse category , the research will focus on and compare three complementary therapies — homeopaths , chiropractors and reflexologists — which between them illustrate a good selection of the issues faced by complementary practitioners and of the different ways in which these issues have been dealt with .
because complementary medicine is a highly diverse category , the research will focus on and compare three complementary therapies — homeopaths , chiropractors and reflexologists — which between them illustrate a good [choice] of the issues faced by complementary practitioners and of the different ways in which these issues have been dealt with .

Recruitment and selection : social processes in occupational access and labour demand
recruitment and [choice] : social processes in occupational access and labour demand

This project will continue earlier work on recruitment and selection to vacancies in retail sales and clerical occupations , in two locations in the North-East of England , which has been funded by the Equal Opportunities Commission .
this project will continue earlier work on recruitment and [choice] to vacancies in retail sales and clerical occupations , in two locations in the north-east of england , which has been funded by the equal opportunities commission .

Surveys will be made of recruitment to four manual occupations ( skilled and semi-skilled ) , using the methodology developed in the earlier study of non-manual occupations : selection of samples of specific job vacancies and interviewing the relevant recruitment decision makers , shortly after the vacancy has been filled , to question them about the whole process of recruitment from identification of a vacancy to selecting and appointing a new employee .
surveys will be made of recruitment to four manual occupations ( skilled and semi-skilled ) , using the methodology developed in the earlier study of non-manual occupations : [choice] of samples of specific job vacancies and interviewing the relevant recruitment decision makers , shortly after the vacancy has been filled , to question them about the whole process of recruitment from identification of a vacancy to selecting and appointing a new employee .

This study will also take into account choices between alternative methods and the selection of topics and sites for investigation .
this study will also take into account choices between alternative methods and the [choice] of topics and sites for investigation .

Two longitudinal studies of medical student selection and education
two longitudinal studies of medical student [choice] and education

Earlier research produced a comprehensive description of medical student selection in the United Kingdom at the beginning of the 1980s .
earlier research produced a comprehensive description of medical student [choice] in the united kingdom at the beginning of the 1980s .

In other words , the selection of spouses living close is not only large , but much larger than chances alone would suggest .
in other words , the [choice] of spouses living close is not only large , but much larger than chances alone would suggest .

An appropriate selection of firms will be made whose knowledge base is currently threatened by new technology or a novel design configuration .
an appropriate [choice] of firms will be made whose knowledge base is currently threatened by new technology or a novel design configuration .

The study is based on a careful selection and interpretation of the large volume of potentially relevant material , and addresses attitudes and the factors affecting those attitudes , as well as identifying future areas of difficulty and possible solutions .
the study is based on a careful [choice] and interpretation of the large volume of potentially relevant material , and addresses attitudes and the factors affecting those attitudes , as well as identifying future areas of difficulty and possible solutions .

We are not talking about a selection test here .
we are not talking about a [choice] test here .

’ At the crux of the matter , argues John Mann , is this problem of equating assessment with selection .
’ at the crux of the matter , argues john mann , is this problem of equating assessment with [choice] .

Overall , he says he 'd like to see grammar schools play a greater role in the current debate about selection .
overall , he says he 'd like to see grammar schools play a greater role in the current debate about [choice] .

European Ryder Cup hopefuls Barry Lane , David Gilford and Steven Richardson considerably improved their chances of gaining selection for the match against the United States at The Belfry in September with top-six finishes in the Lancia Martini Italian Open at Modena .
european ryder cup hopefuls barry lane , david gilford and steven richardson considerably improved their chances of gaining [choice] for the match against the united states at the belfry in september with top-six finishes in the lancia martini italian open at modena .

Only a handful of players from their original selection turned out , the management obviously having decided that they were not going to give even a hint of their championship formation .
only a handful of players from their original [choice] turned out , the management obviously having decided that they were not going to give even a hint of their championship formation .

Selection snub for champion
[choice] snub for champion

There is also confirmation that Northern Ireland will be sending an 18-strong team to the West Athletic Games in Sittard , Holland on June 5 and 6 , with the selection likely to feature the main contenders for next year 's Commonwealth Games .
there is also confirmation that northern ireland will be sending an 18-strong team to the west athletic games in sittard , holland on june 5 and 6 , with the [choice] likely to feature the main contenders for next year 's commonwealth games .

He may have an enormous amount of ground to make up , but Hoey ( 58 ) believes selection , even at this stage is within the Shandon star 's reach .
he may have an enormous amount of ground to make up , but hoey ( 58 ) believes [choice] , even at this stage is within the shandon star 's reach .

Anderson also plans to go to the St Andrew 's Links Trophy early next month , instead of the East of Ireland at County Louth , to intensify his bid for selection .
anderson also plans to go to the st andrew 's links trophy early next month , instead of the east of ireland at county louth , to intensify his bid for [choice] .

‘ But he would be a very strong runner indeed for Walker Cup honours , never mind international selection , if he could lift a trophy . ’
‘ but he would be a very strong runner indeed for walker cup honours , never mind international [choice] , if he could lift a trophy . ’

‘ Walker Cup selection is very open this year .
‘ walker cup [choice] is very open this year .

His place in the final British squad for the World Student Games has been confirmed , selection for the New York tournament being a blow to Lurgan .
his place in the final british squad for the world student games has been confirmed , [choice] for the new york tournament being a blow to lurgan .

What he fails to grasp is that if that obstetric experience is withdrawn from Downpatrick , then there will be no selection of patients whatsoever and all will have to make their way to Belfast or Lisburn irrespective of clinical condition .
what he fails to grasp is that if that obstetric experience is withdrawn from downpatrick , then there will be no [choice] of patients whatsoever and all will have to make their way to belfast or lisburn irrespective of clinical condition .

The selection of what are known as quince rootstocks by fruit researchers earlier this century changed the situation by bringing about a degree of control of the vigour of the grafted trees .
the [choice] of what are known as quince rootstocks by fruit researchers earlier this century changed the situation by bringing about a degree of control of the vigour of the grafted trees .

They have been sent out together as a result of the recent meeting of the Board of Governors which discussed the selection of sports .
they have been sent out together as a result of the recent meeting of the board of governors which discussed the [choice] of sports .

The Regional Committees will be informed immediately of this selection so that they can take it into account when making their own choices .
the regional committees will be informed immediately of this [choice] so that they can take it into account when making their own choices .

The candidate selection process in British politics
the candidate [choice] process in british politics

In Britain candidate selection in the Labour and Conservative parties is the Parliament .
in britain candidate [choice] in the labour and conservative parties is the parliament .

The projects breaks n devloping an interactive model which analyses both sides of the selection process .
the projects breaks n devloping an interactive model which analyses both sides of the [choice] process .

Typically on hearing the news of his Lions selection his first thoughts were for others .
typically on hearing the news of his lions [choice] his first thoughts were for others .

Lynsey has come through the ranks from Ulster Under-16 level , to the Under-21s , before gaining selection for the Ulster senior squad .
lynsey has come through the ranks from ulster under-16 level , to the under-21s , before gaining [choice] for the ulster senior squad .

Now comes selection for the full Irish side .
now comes [choice] for the full irish side .

The Kintyre bar has a large selection of mouth-watering whiskies and the meals in the restaurant offer high quality cooking .
the kintyre bar has a large [choice] of mouth-watering whiskies and the meals in the restaurant offer high quality cooking .

McBride can put his luck down to criticism from scribes down south earlier in the season , rather than bad selection policy .
mcbride can put his luck down to criticism from scribes down south earlier in the season , rather than bad [choice] policy .

‘ We will probably hold some trial games before making our final selection .
‘ we will probably hold some trial games before making our final [choice] .

Next week , at O'Kane 's Auction — April 1 at 7 pm — there will be a selection of garden furniture and ceramics .
next week , at o'kane 's auction — april 1 at 7 pm — there will be a [choice] of garden furniture and ceramics .

That means the big defender , who has graduated successfully through the Ulster Under 16 , Under 18 and Under 21 teams , was eligible for senior selection .
that means the big defender , who has graduated successfully through the ulster under 16 , under 18 and under 21 teams , was eligible for senior [choice] .

Playing for your province does n't count , but it has been practice that if a player is banned at club level , he is n't considered for selection at that time .
playing for your province does n't count , but it has been practice that if a player is banned at club level , he is n't considered for [choice] at that time .

Similarly Eric Elwood , whose attitude was so positive and who played such an influential role in his two matches , was too much of an unknown quantity for the selectors to risk selection .
similarly eric elwood , whose attitude was so positive and who played such an influential role in his two matches , was too much of an unknown quantity for the selectors to risk [choice] .

The selection of Dewi Morris ahead of Robert Jones is mystifying and exacerbates the potential problems to be experienced at half-back .
the [choice] of dewi morris ahead of robert jones is mystifying and exacerbates the potential problems to be experienced at half-back .

The selection of so many England players was probably arrived at because of their high profile over the past couple of seasons .
the [choice] of so many england players was probably arrived at because of their high profile over the past couple of seasons .

With it , however , comes a series of dilemmas over team selection .
with it , however , comes a series of dilemmas over team [choice] .

Save it as a Text-only document ( use the < Tab > key to make this selection ) .
save it as a text-only document ( use the < tab > key to make this [choice] ) .

Responsibility for the selection , preparation , recording and receipt of journal parts to be sent for binding each month .
responsibility for the [choice] , preparation , recording and receipt of journal parts to be sent for binding each month .

Criteria for selection
criteria for [choice]

These were found by inspection of Laming [ 00 ] , which was published after the initial thesis selection had been made .
these were found by inspection of laming [ 00 ] , which was published after the initial thesis [choice] had been made .

When this task of selection is completed the designer must then consider how the motor and drive are to be controlled and interfaced to the remainder of the system .
when this task of [choice] is completed the designer must then consider how the motor and drive are to be controlled and interfaced to the remainder of the system .

Eventually there will be no variation left for natural selection to work upon .
eventually there will be no variation left for natural [choice] to work upon .

Plausible as this argument must have sounded , it is not only an argument against natural selection .
plausible as this argument must have sounded , it is not only an argument against natural [choice] .

There is a pool of variation for selection to work on .
there is a pool of variation for [choice] to work on .

Other genes change at a higher rate , presumably because natural selection is more tolerant of variations in them .
other genes change at a higher rate , presumably because natural [choice] is more tolerant of variations in them .

Presumably natural selection 's tolerance of their errors is intermediate .
presumably natural [choice] 's tolerance of their errors is intermediate .

The slowest-evolving molecules , like histones , turn out to be the ones that have been most subject to natural selection .
the slowest-evolving molecules , like histones , turn out to be the ones that have been most subject to natural [choice] .

Fibrinopeptides are the fastest-evolving molecules because natural selection almost completely ignores them .
fibrinopeptides are the fastest-evolving molecules because natural [choice] almost completely ignores them .

The reason this seems paradoxical is that we place so much emphasis on natural selection as the driving force of evolution .
the reason this seems paradoxical is that we place so much emphasis on natural [choice] as the driving force of evolution .

If there is no natural selection , therefore , we might expect that there would be no evolution .
if there is no natural [choice] , therefore , we might expect that there would be no evolution .

Conversely , strong ‘ selection pressure ’ , we could be forgiven for thinking , might be expected to lead to rapid evolution .
conversely , strong ‘ [choice] pressure ’ , we could be forgiven for thinking , might be expected to lead to rapid evolution .

Instead , what we find is that natural selection exerts a braking effect on evolution .
instead , what we find is that natural [choice] exerts a braking effect on evolution .

The baseline rate of evolution , in the absence of natural selection , is the maximum possible rate .
the baseline rate of evolution , in the absence of natural [choice] , is the maximum possible rate .

Evolution by natural selection could not be faster than the mutation rate , for mutation is , ultimately , the only way in which new variation enters the species .
evolution by natural [choice] could not be faster than the mutation rate , for mutation is , ultimately , the only way in which new variation enters the species .

All that natural selection can do is accept certain new variations , and reject others .
all that natural [choice] can do is accept certain new variations , and reject others .

As a matter of fact , most of natural selection is concerned with preventing evolutionary change rather than with driving it .
as a matter of fact , most of natural [choice] is concerned with preventing evolutionary change rather than with driving it .

This is the basic ingredient of cumulative selection .
this is the basic ingredient of cumulative [choice] .

Something like this kind of elementary natural selection has been duplicated in the test-tube .
something like this kind of elementary natural [choice] has been duplicated in the test-tube .

It is but a short step from this to natural selection and evolution in the laboratory .
it is but a short step from this to natural [choice] and evolution in the laboratory .

Experiments such as these help us to appreciate the entirely automatic and non-deliberate nature of natural selection .
experiments such as these help us to appreciate the entirely automatic and non-deliberate nature of natural [choice] .

If the cause is a self-replicating entity , the effect , be it ever so distant and indirect , can be subject to natural selection .
if the cause is a self-replicating entity , the effect , be it ever so distant and indirect , can be subject to natural [choice] .

Cumulative selection is the key to all our modern explanations of life .
cumulative [choice] is the key to all our modern explanations of life .

Cumulative selection is the key but it had to get started , and we can not escape the need to postulate a single-step chance event in the origin of cumulative selection itself .
cumulative [choice] is the key but it had to get started , and we can not escape the need to postulate a single-step chance event in the origin of cumulative [choice] itself .

So , cumulative selection can manufacture complexity while single-step selection can not .
so , cumulative [choice] can manufacture complexity while single-step [choice] can not .

But cumulative selection can not work unless there is some minimal machinery of replication and replicator power , and the only machinery of replication that we know seems too complicated to have come into existence by means of anything less than many generations of cumulative selection !
but cumulative [choice] can not work unless there is some minimal machinery of replication and replicator power , and the only machinery of replication that we know seems too complicated to have come into existence by means of anything less than many generations of cumulative [choice] !

If we do n't use up all our ration of luck in our theory of the origin of life , we have some left over to spend on our theories of subsequent evolution , after cumulative selection has got going .
if we do n't use up all our ration of luck in our theory of the origin of life , we have some left over to spend on our theories of subsequent evolution , after cumulative [choice] has got going .

My personal feeling is that , once cumulative selection has got itself properly started , we need to postulate only a relatively small amount of luck in the subsequent evolution of life and intelligence .
my personal feeling is that , once cumulative [choice] has got itself properly started , we need to postulate only a relatively small amount of luck in the subsequent evolution of life and intelligence .

Cumulative selection , once it has begun , seems to me powerful enough to make the evolution of intelligence probable , if not inevitable .
cumulative [choice] , once it has begun , seems to me powerful enough to make the evolution of intelligence probable , if not inevitable .

Before that there were many generations of cumulative selection , based upon some quite different replicating entities .
before that there were many generations of cumulative [choice] , based upon some quite different replicating entities .

If there is any tendency for one type of crystal to grow and split more quickly than the other , we shall have a simple kind of natural selection .
if there is any tendency for one type of crystal to grow and split more quickly than the other , we shall have a simple kind of natural [choice] .

So , we have a speculative picture of mineral crystals on the primeval Earth showing some of the properties of replication , multiplication , heredity and mutation that would have been necessary in order for a form of cumulative selection to get started .
so , we have a speculative picture of mineral crystals on the primeval earth showing some of the properties of replication , multiplication , heredity and mutation that would have been necessary in order for a form of cumulative [choice] to get started .

But so far we are dealing only with single-step selection .
but so far we are dealing only with single-step [choice] .

Could a form of cumulative selection get going ?
could a form of cumulative [choice] get going ?

To call this a ‘ life ’ cycle would be to beg an important question , but it is a cycle of a sort , and it shares with true life cycles the ability to initiate cumulative selection .
to call this a ‘ life ’ cycle would be to beg an important question , but it is a cycle of a sort , and it shares with true life cycles the ability to initiate cumulative [choice] .

In other words , there are many opportunities for rudimentary cumulative selection to get going .
in other words , there are many opportunities for rudimentary cumulative [choice] to get going .

These little flights of fancy , embellishments of Cairns-Smith 's own concern only one of several kinds of mineral ‘ life cycle ’ that could have started cumulative selection along its momentous road .
these little flights of fancy , embellishments of cairns-smith 's own concern only one of several kinds of mineral ‘ life cycle ’ that could have started cumulative [choice] along its momentous road .

If oil-drillers can exploit organic molecules to manipulate the flow and drillability of mud , there is no reason why cumulative selection should not have led to the same kind of exploitation by self-replicating minerals .
if oil-drillers can exploit organic molecules to manipulate the flow and drillability of mud , there is no reason why cumulative [choice] should not have led to the same kind of exploitation by self-replicating minerals .

Just as our eyes can see only that narrow band of electromagnetic frequencies that natural selection equipped our ancestors to see , so our brains are built to cope with narrow bands of sizes and times .
just as our eyes can see only that narrow band of electromagnetic frequencies that natural [choice] equipped our ancestors to see , so our brains are built to cope with narrow bands of sizes and times .

Our brains have been built by natural selection to assess probability and risk , just as our eyes have been built to assess electromagnetic wavelength .
our brains have been built by natural [choice] to assess probability and risk , just as our eyes have been built to assess electromagnetic wavelength .

Our ancestors have always needed to take decisions involving risks and probabilities , and natural selection has therefore equipped our brains to assess probabilities against a background of the short lifetime that we can , in any case , expect .
our ancestors have always needed to take decisions involving risks and probabilities , and natural [choice] has therefore equipped our brains to assess probabilities against a background of the short lifetime that we can , in any case , expect .

We still do n't know exactly how natural selection began on Earth
we still do n't know exactly how natural [choice] began on earth

People sometimes think that natural selection is a purely negative force , capable of weeding out freaks and failures , but not capable of building up complexity , beauty and efficiency of design .
people sometimes think that natural [choice] is a purely negative force , capable of weeding out freaks and failures , but not capable of building up complexity , beauty and efficiency of design .

Natural selection may only subtract , but mutation can add .
natural [choice] may only subtract , but mutation can add .

There are ways in which mutation and natural selection together can lead , over the long span of geological time , to a building up of complexity that has more in common with addition than with subtraction .
there are ways in which mutation and natural [choice] together can lead , over the long span of geological time , to a building up of complexity that has more in common with addition than with subtraction .

In natural selection , genes are always selected for their capacity to flourish in the environment in which they find themselves .
in natural [choice] , genes are always selected for their capacity to flourish in the environment in which they find themselves .

ancestral copies of themselves ) have each been part of the environment in which natural selection has worked on the others .
ancestral copies of themselves ) have each been part of the environment in which natural [choice] has worked on the others .

After many generations of cumulative selection in a particular place , the local animals and plants become well fitted to the conditions , for instance the weather conditions , in that place .
after many generations of cumulative [choice] in a particular place , the local animals and plants become well fitted to the conditions , for instance the weather conditions , in that place .

If there is a steady downward drift in the average temperature in the area , a drift that persists over centuries , successive generations of animals will be propelled by a steady selection ‘ pressure ’ in the direction , say , of growing longer coats of hair .
if there is a steady downward drift in the average temperature in the area , a drift that persists over centuries , successive generations of animals will be propelled by a steady [choice] ‘ pressure ’ in the direction , say , of growing longer coats of hair .

If , after a few thousand years of reduced temperature the trend reverses and average temperatures creep up again , the animals will come under the influence of a new selection pressure , and will be pushed towards growing shorter coats again .
if , after a few thousand years of reduced temperature the trend reverses and average temperatures creep up again , the animals will come under the influence of a new [choice] pressure , and will be pushed towards growing shorter coats again .

Cumulative selection will see to it that animals are well fitted to outrun their predators or outwit their prey , no less than it sees to it that they are well fitted to the prevailing weather conditions .
cumulative [choice] will see to it that animals are well fitted to outrun their predators or outwit their prey , no less than it sees to it that they are well fitted to the prevailing weather conditions .

This is because the succession of cheetahs , unlike the succession of annual weather conditions , is itself subject to cumulative selection .
this is because the succession of cheetahs , unlike the succession of annual weather conditions , is itself subject to cumulative [choice] .

Gazelles , no less than cheetahs , are subject to cumulative selection , and they too will tend , as the generations go by , to improve their ability to run fast , to react swiftly , to become invisible by blending into the long grass .
gazelles , no less than cheetahs , are subject to cumulative [choice] , and they too will tend , as the generations go by , to improve their ability to run fast , to react swiftly , to become invisible by blending into the long grass .

Even if there is a special sense in which cows are ‘ friends ’ of grasses , natural selection does not favour individual grass plants that go out of their way to be eaten by cows !
even if there is a special sense in which cows are ‘ friends ’ of grasses , natural [choice] does not favour individual grass plants that go out of their way to be eaten by cows !

Unfortunately , natural selection does n't care about total economies , and it has no room for cartels and agreements .
unfortunately , natural [choice] does n't care about total economies , and it has no room for cartels and agreements .

It is all done automatically by ordinary natural selection .
it is all done automatically by ordinary natural [choice] .

They cooperate because they all stand to gain from the same outcome — the survival and reproduction of the communal body — and because they constitute an important part of the environment in which natural selection works on each other .
they cooperate because they all stand to gain from the same outcome — the survival and reproduction of the communal body — and because they constitute an important part of the environment in which natural [choice] works on each other .

Each new genetic improvement selected on one side of the arms race — say predators — changes the environment for selection of genes on the other side of the arms race — prey .
each new genetic improvement selected on one side of the arms race — say predators — changes the environment for [choice] of genes on the other side of the arms race — prey .

Without it , we would have been left with the feeling that natural selection is only a destructive process , or at best a process of weeding-out .
without it , we would have been left with the feeling that natural [choice] is only a destructive process , or at best a process of weeding-out .

We have seen two ways in which natural selection can be a constructive force .
we have seen two ways in which natural [choice] can be a constructive force .

If the namecode was entered then either the Personnel Data screen would be displayed , if only one employee matched the namecode , or a selection screen showing the name , department , date of joining and staff number of those employees with that particular namecode .
if the namecode was entered then either the personnel data screen would be displayed , if only one employee matched the namecode , or a [choice] screen showing the name , department , date of joining and staff number of those employees with that particular namecode .

The correct staff number could then be entered directly from this selection screen to display the desired employee 's Personal Data screen .
the correct staff number could then be entered directly from this [choice] screen to display the desired employee 's personal data screen .

Remembering just in time that this heartless cynic was responsible for getting her out of the clutches of the Gibraltar Police and Customs Service , Polly managed to bite back the caustic retort trembling on the tip of her tongue and stared blankly at the vast selection of starters and main courses .
remembering just in time that this heartless cynic was responsible for getting her out of the clutches of the gibraltar police and customs service , polly managed to bite back the caustic retort trembling on the tip of her tongue and stared blankly at the vast [choice] of starters and main courses .

But she certainly had n't expected to see a selection of Penguin Classics .
but she certainly had n't expected to see a [choice] of penguin classics .

One problem in testing the influence of interest rates on investment is the selection of an appropriate interest rate .
one problem in testing the influence of interest rates on investment is the [choice] of an appropriate interest rate .

And that , too , was Luke , she thought — the sure touch , the instinctive flair and selection .
and that , too , was luke , she thought — the sure touch , the instinctive flair and [choice] .

You can make a selection of names to be included in the list so the computer will only display combinations of the selected names .
you can make a [choice] of names to be included in the list so the computer will only display combinations of the selected names .

Version 5.2 includes a variety of new tools including QuickFinder , an indexing and fast text-retrieval system , plus a new selection of button bars and a related QuickMenu feature .
version 5.2 includes a variety of new tools including quickfinder , an indexing and fast text-retrieval system , plus a new [choice] of button bars and a related quickmenu feature .

These , again , are pre-set to a small selection , but , noticeably , they include only those colours that normally print well with a three colour ribbon , which , given the price and target audience of the program , is a sensible move .
these , again , are pre-set to a small [choice] , but , noticeably , they include only those colours that normally print well with a three colour ribbon , which , given the price and target audience of the program , is a sensible move .

Dr Solomon 's Anti-Virus Toolkit now comes in a new Windows flavour , and with only six on-screen buttons to push ( one of them is the exit button ) , you ca n't really get any simpler selection of what is very powerful anti-virus software .
dr solomon 's anti-virus toolkit now comes in a new windows flavour , and with only six on-screen buttons to push ( one of them is the exit button ) , you ca n't really get any simpler [choice] of what is very powerful anti-virus software .

Add to this easy slide show production for business presentations complete with a goodly selection of transition effects and you very useful piece of business software .
add to this easy slide show production for business presentations complete with a goodly [choice] of transition effects and you very useful piece of business software .

16 million colours on your screen , 50 extra fonts or 270,000 synonyms are offered in this month 's quickies selection .
16 million colours on your screen , 50 extra fonts or 270,000 synonyms are offered in this month 's quickies [choice] .

Amongst this month 's Quickies hardware selection we have a privacy anti-glare screen , a scanner that can read and spell check a printed document and a small footprint desktop laser printer .
amongst this month 's quickies hardware [choice] we have a privacy anti-glare screen , a scanner that can read and spell check a printed document and a small footprint desktop laser printer .

Amongst this month 's Quickies hardware selection we have a privacy anti-glare screen , a scanner that can read and spell check a printed document and a small footprint desktop laser printer .
amongst this month 's quickies hardware [choice] we have a privacy anti-glare screen , a scanner that can read and spell check a printed document and a small footprint desktop laser printer .

All of these features can have a sound attached , and there is a selection of four hundred different ones to choose from .
all of these features can have a sound attached , and there is a [choice] of four hundred different ones to choose from .

Now to enter a selection criteria .
now to enter a [choice] criteria .

Management accounts are easily accessed , and allow criteria selection to make listing aged debtors ( a sadly increasing race of accounts departments that do n't pay their bills on time ) and so forth very easy .
management accounts are easily accessed , and allow criteria [choice] to make listing aged debtors ( a sadly increasing race of accounts departments that do n't pay their bills on time ) and so forth very easy .

The main menu offers a selection of activities ( fig 1 ) , the main one being option 2 where you specify the text file you have prepared .
the main menu offers a [choice] of activities ( fig 1 ) , the main one being option 2 where you specify the text file you have prepared .

When this dialogue is opened again , the same folder or file selection is presented and the scroll bar is in exactly the same position .
when this dialogue is opened again , the same folder or file [choice] is presented and the scroll bar is in exactly the same position .

All you need to do is mark the block that contains the numbers using Ctrl-K-B to indicate the start of the selection and Ctrl-K-K to indicate its end .
all you need to do is mark the block that contains the numbers using ctrl-k-b to indicate the start of the [choice] and ctrl-k-k to indicate its end .

The selection can contain more than just the numbers you wish to sum so you could have in your document Apples 20 ; Pears 25 ; Oranges 36 and having marked the passage you would use the command Ctrl-K-M ( Block math ) and see a message :
the [choice] can contain more than just the numbers you wish to sum so you could have in your document apples 20 ; pears 25 ; oranges 36 and having marked the passage you would use the command ctrl-k-m ( block math ) and see a message :

Presentation software has now developed a very distinctive approach in which the user simply has to combine their own information , message and logos with an appropriate selection from the wide range of supplied backgrounds that are designed complete with colour palettes and suitable fonts .
presentation software has now developed a very distinctive approach in which the user simply has to combine their own information , message and logos with an appropriate [choice] from the wide range of supplied backgrounds that are designed complete with colour palettes and suitable fonts .

’ Both Doshi and Asif felt that the selection showed an emphasis on one-day matches .
’ both doshi and asif felt that the [choice] showed an emphasis on one-day matches .

But his selection problems are nothing compared to the turmoil at Lyngby , following the sale of five of their players , the shock resignation of coach Kent Karlsson and just one win from their opening six games of the season .
but his [choice] problems are nothing compared to the turmoil at lyngby , following the sale of five of their players , the shock resignation of coach kent karlsson and just one win from their opening six games of the season .

— Household Equipment : Selection , operation and care of household equipment ( Brigham Young University ) .
— household equipment : [choice] , operation and care of household equipment ( brigham young university ) .

It turned out to be — most improbably , Ianthe thought — a paperback selection of the poems of Tennyson .
it turned out to be — most improbably , ianthe thought — a paperback [choice] of the poems of tennyson .

Then she remembered that it was only a selection of the poems he had been reading and she did not need to speculate further , for — much to her surprise — he began to read
then she remembered that it was only a [choice] of the poems he had been reading and she did not need to speculate further , for — much to her surprise — he began to read

Entranced by the selection , she wandered towards the centre of the complex to gaze upwards at tiers of galleries strung with lights , climbing plants and even trees .
entranced by the [choice] , she wandered towards the centre of the complex to gaze upwards at tiers of galleries strung with lights , climbing plants and even trees .

Its permanent collection of fine Victorian paintings often sits cheek by jowl with a varied selection of current art and craft practices some of which also provide opportunities for visitors to participate in .
its permanent collection of fine victorian paintings often sits cheek by jowl with a varied [choice] of current art and craft practices some of which also provide opportunities for visitors to participate in .

Nor does their selection preclude the work of male writers eg , Craig Owens , whose classic essay ‘ The Discourse of Others : Feminists and Postmodernism ’ is included .
nor does their [choice] preclude the work of male writers eg , craig owens , whose classic essay ‘ the discourse of others : feminists and postmodernism ’ is included .

In the appointment of subcontractors , safety performance was given a high priority in the selection process and contractors with poor safety records were not invited to bid .
in the appointment of subcontractors , safety performance was given a high priority in the [choice] process and contractors with poor safety records were not invited to bid .

The appropriateness of the comments is not one for the committee since the committee has no responsibility for the judges , their selection or their comments .
the appropriateness of the comments is not one for the committee since the committee has no responsibility for the judges , their [choice] or their comments .

‘ This kind of selection is a problem because many nurses rotate between so-called ‘ high risk ’ and ‘ low risk ’ areas during the course of their work , ’ he said .
‘ this kind of [choice] is a problem because many nurses rotate between so-called ‘ high risk ’ and ‘ low risk ’ areas during the course of their work , ’ he said .

Plus a selection of new and forthcoming titles — all coming on 29th January .
plus a [choice] of new and forthcoming titles — all coming on 29th january .

David Kewley , she will set up and manage a new department ( made up of the book club and book fair editorial staff ) responsible for the selection , acquisition and exploitation of the sales potential of the books and other products bought for sale through the company 's book clubs and book fairs .
david kewley , she will set up and manage a new department ( made up of the book club and book fair editorial staff ) responsible for the [choice] , acquisition and exploitation of the sales potential of the books and other products bought for sale through the company 's book clubs and book fairs .

Added to that was the effect of a very good selection of Irish titles .
added to that was the effect of a very good [choice] of irish titles .

Nearly all the 65 contributors work in the United Kingdom , a bias that has slightly influenced the selection of topics and viewpoints .
nearly all the 65 contributors work in the united kingdom , a bias that has slightly influenced the [choice] of topics and viewpoints .

For example , in situations requiring the selection of elastomers for use as hose-pipes or gaskets , the correct choice of elastomer is of prime importance , as contact with highly compatible fluids may cause serious swelling and impair the operation of the system .
for example , in situations requiring the [choice] of elastomers for use as hose-pipes or gaskets , the correct choice of elastomer is of prime importance , as contact with highly compatible fluids may cause serious swelling and impair the operation of the system .

To avoid such problems a technologist may wish to have at his disposal a rough guide to aid the selection of solvents for a polymer or to assess the extent of polymer-liquid interaction other than those already described .
to avoid such problems a technologist may wish to have at his disposal a rough guide to aid the [choice] of solvents for a polymer or to assess the extent of polymer-liquid interaction other than those already described .

John Aytoun presented a selection of new carpet designs which were enthusiastically received .
john aytoun presented a [choice] of new carpet designs which were enthusiastically received .

The techniques of display , enhancement , filtering and transformation of remotely-sensed images that have been described in this chapter represent only a selection of those available .
the techniques of display , enhancement , filtering and transformation of remotely-sensed images that have been described in this chapter represent only a [choice] of those available .

The simulation begins by the selection of the coordinates of the cell in which the stream has its source , and proceeds by random selection of the direction of flow .
the simulation begins by the [choice] of the coordinates of the cell in which the stream has its source , and proceeds by random [choice] of the direction of flow .

selection of crop combinations , and
[choice] of crop combinations , and

The list given above is just a selection ; an operational cartographic database would hold many more features .
the list given above is just a [choice] ; an operational cartographic database would hold many more features .

polygon overlay and selection ,
polygon overlay and [choice] ,

This list of requirements is not exhaustive and it is more than likely that the executive committee in charge of the planning process would change its mind at least once during the selection procedure as enquiries proceeded .
this list of requirements is not exhaustive and it is more than likely that the executive committee in charge of the planning process would change its mind at least once during the [choice] procedure as enquiries proceeded .

The main contribution of manufacturing is the selection and operation of established production processes and the management of an agreed production programme .
the main contribution of manufacturing is the [choice] and operation of established production processes and the management of an agreed production programme .

The next chapter will discuss financial techniques used in setting criteria for the selection of project proposals to maximize profitability .
the next chapter will discuss financial techniques used in setting criteria for the [choice] of project proposals to maximize profitability .

To establish the merit of project proposals without overlooking any significant factor , it is highly desirable to have a selection system that is applied to all cases .
to establish the merit of project proposals without overlooking any significant factor , it is highly desirable to have a [choice] system that is applied to all cases .

Described a project selection check list .
described a project [choice] check list .

On the 1st May an odd selection of individuals , myself included , set out to travel not only South to Totnes Castle , but also back in time about 530 years .
on the 1st may an odd [choice] of individuals , myself included , set out to travel not only south to totnes castle , but also back in time about 530 years .

The selection held at the moment by reception is limited to syllabus books , but putting out as much as possible on display would be beneficial .
the [choice] held at the moment by reception is limited to syllabus books , but putting out as much as possible on display would be beneficial .

In a fit of feverish activity Gould proceeded to publish a series of lectures and papers as quickly as he could possibly produce them ; on 25 August he exhibited and named at the Zoological Society six new species of kangaroo and presented his information on the bowerbirds ; on 8 September he read a paper at a scientific meeting on the extraordinary brush turkey , or Alectura , among a selection of others ; on 13 October he gave an account of the Ocellated leipoa ; on 10 November he exhibited at the Society 50 of his new Australian birds , which he characterised in subsequent meetings ; and so on , until he had presented all his new trophies from both the bird and animal kingdoms to the awestruck Zoological members .
in a fit of feverish activity gould proceeded to publish a series of lectures and papers as quickly as he could possibly produce them ; on 25 august he exhibited and named at the zoological society six new species of kangaroo and presented his information on the bowerbirds ; on 8 september he read a paper at a scientific meeting on the extraordinary brush turkey , or alectura , among a [choice] of others ; on 13 october he gave an account of the ocellated leipoa ; on 10 november he exhibited at the society 50 of his new australian birds , which he characterised in subsequent meetings ; and so on , until he had presented all his new trophies from both the bird and animal kingdoms to the awestruck zoological members .

In 1990 Richard Cork made a selection of prints for purchase at an affordable rate by hospitals .
in 1990 richard cork made a [choice] of prints for purchase at an affordable rate by hospitals .

‘ There is a whole side of art , ’ writes Marina Vaizey on the selection criteria for Paintings in Hospitals , ‘ the kind of art that questions assumptions , that creatively promotes tension , insecurity , curiosity and enquiry that is restless , probing and disturbing , which is not appropriate in these circumstances .
‘ there is a whole side of art , ’ writes marina vaizey on the [choice] criteria for paintings in hospitals , ‘ the kind of art that questions assumptions , that creatively promotes tension , insecurity , curiosity and enquiry that is restless , probing and disturbing , which is not appropriate in these circumstances .

The two exhibitions were both group-instigated , and the individual artists have been closely consulted in relation to the selection and hanging of the work .
the two exhibitions were both group-instigated , and the individual artists have been closely consulted in relation to the [choice] and hanging of the work .

In July will be launching a new dry cat food made by us called ‘ 's Selection ’ — a very attractive product for which we have high expectations .
in july will be launching a new dry cat food made by us called ‘ 's [choice] ’ — a very attractive product for which we have high expectations .

[ Gangland is ] isolated from the wider culture of the larger community by the processes of competition and conflict which have resulted in the selection of its population' .
[ gangland is ] isolated from the wider culture of the larger community by the processes of competition and conflict which have resulted in the [choice] of its population' .

Selection has favoured those organisms which have scientific , learning , rule-obeying capacities all of which contribute towards the development and maintenance of advanced societies .
[choice] has favoured those organisms which have scientific , learning , rule-obeying capacities all of which contribute towards the development and maintenance of advanced societies .

In the front hall — in case any burglar should choose to throw himself through the fireproof glass in the window or slice through the mortise lock with a flame gun — was a selection of things to trip over .
in the front hall — in case any burglar should choose to throw himself through the fireproof glass in the window or slice through the mortise lock with a flame gun — was a [choice] of things to trip over .

Procedure for the Selection of the Leader of the Conservative Party
procedure for the [choice] of the leader of the conservative party

And even if the ‘ caretaker ’ solution is still disliked , would not a strong argument in its favour be that the automatic selection of the ‘ caretaker ’ by virtue of his position preordained either by the stricken Prime Minister or ( in the case of a Labour government ) by his position as Deputy Leader of the Labour Party mean that that selection would keep the Queen above the party infighting , and overall would ensure that the royal prerogative of choice of a new Prime Minister in this context would have no part to play ?
and even if the ‘ caretaker ’ solution is still disliked , would not a strong argument in its favour be that the automatic [choice] of the ‘ caretaker ’ by virtue of his position preordained either by the stricken prime minister or ( in the case of a labour government ) by his position as deputy leader of the labour party mean that that [choice] would keep the queen above the party infighting , and overall would ensure that the royal prerogative of choice of a new prime minister in this context would have no part to play ?

It is true , and important , that a party in a majority is able to reject any selection of which it does not approve-if it is prepared to undergo the internal conflict this would probably entail .
it is true , and important , that a party in a majority is able to reject any [choice] of which it does not approve-if it is prepared to undergo the internal conflict this would probably entail .

The selection of a prospective parliamentary candidate shall not be regarded as completed until the name of the member selected has been placed before a meeting of the National Executive Committee , and his or her selection has been duly endorsed .
the [choice] of a prospective parliamentary candidate shall not be regarded as completed until the name of the member selected has been placed before a meeting of the national executive committee , and his or her [choice] has been duly endorsed .

If this party is represented in parliament by a member of the Parliamentary Labour Party , the procedure set out in section ( 3 ) of this clause ( for the selection of a prospective parliamentary candidate ) shall be set in motion not later than thirty-six months after the last time the said Member of Parliament was elected .
if this party is represented in parliament by a member of the parliamentary labour party , the procedure set out in section ( 3 ) of this clause ( for the [choice] of a prospective parliamentary candidate ) shall be set in motion not later than thirty-six months after the last time the said member of parliament was elected .

The Member of Parliament shall be eligible for nomination for selection as the prospective parliamentary candidate and , whether nominated or not , he or she shall be entitled to appear as if they had been nominated before the special meeting of the General Committee convened in accordance with section ( 3 ) of this clause and to be considered for selection as the prospective parliamentary candidate .
the member of parliament shall be eligible for nomination for [choice] as the prospective parliamentary candidate and , whether nominated or not , he or she shall be entitled to appear as if they had been nominated before the special meeting of the general committee convened in accordance with section ( 3 ) of this clause and to be considered for [choice] as the prospective parliamentary candidate .

( 9 ) When this party has selected the prospective parliamentary candidate , section ( 3 ) of this clause shall be applicable only when section ( 8 ) applies or , having received a written request from the General Committee of this party for permission to reconsider the selection of the prospective parliamentary candidate , the National Executive Committee has decided that in its opinion there are changed circumstances relating to the prospective parliamentary candidate since his or her selection , and has given authority to this party to convene a special meeting of the General Committee in accordance with regulations sanctioned by the National Executive Committee to consider a resolution that the prospective candidate selected previously shall not be the candidate at the next general election .
( 9 ) when this party has selected the prospective parliamentary candidate , section ( 3 ) of this clause shall be applicable only when section ( 8 ) applies or , having received a written request from the general committee of this party for permission to reconsider the [choice] of the prospective parliamentary candidate , the national executive committee has decided that in its opinion there are changed circumstances relating to the prospective parliamentary candidate since his or her [choice] , and has given authority to this party to convene a special meeting of the general committee in accordance with regulations sanctioned by the national executive committee to consider a resolution that the prospective candidate selected previously shall not be the candidate at the next general election .

’ Everything but the free flow of natural selection is disagreeable to so much as contemplate , but the planet sinks beneath the weight of us , stinks because of the shit of us ; if we do n't do something we all go down together , gasping for air , for heaven 's blessing .
’ everything but the free flow of natural [choice] is disagreeable to so much as contemplate , but the planet sinks beneath the weight of us , stinks because of the shit of us ; if we do n't do something we all go down together , gasping for air , for heaven 's blessing .

Waveband selection is achieved by means of filters .
waveband [choice] is achieved by means of filters .

Band selection is by Wratten filter .
band [choice] is by wratten filter .

Option 2 is to obtain an approximate indication of the edges of the rectangular area viewed by the camera . Selection is followed by the message
option 2 is to obtain an approximate indication of the edges of the rectangular area viewed by the camera . [choice] is followed by the message

Option 3 is to enable the user to position the reference card correctly . Selection is followed by the message
option 3 is to enable the user to position the reference card correctly . [choice] is followed by the message

In Chapter 14 we saw how moral hazard and adverse selection tend to inhibit the setting up of insurance markets to deal with risk .
in chapter 14 we saw how moral hazard and adverse [choice] tend to inhibit the setting up of insurance markets to deal with risk .

However , we saw that problems of adverse selection and moral hazard would inhibit the organization of private insurance markets .
however , we saw that problems of adverse [choice] and moral hazard would inhibit the organization of private insurance markets .

For example , it is the problem of acquiring the relevant information about purchasers of insurance policies that leads insurance companies to face problems of moral hazard and adverse selection .
for example , it is the problem of acquiring the relevant information about purchasers of insurance policies that leads insurance companies to face problems of moral hazard and adverse [choice] .

Moral hazard , adverse selection , and other informational problems prevent the development of a complete set of forward and contingent markets .
moral hazard , adverse [choice] , and other informational problems prevent the development of a complete set of forward and contingent markets .

Currently available speech recognition systems impose a selection of constraints on the input to simplify the speech recognition task .
currently available speech recognition systems impose a [choice] of constraints on the input to simplify the speech recognition task .

The character recognition phase may propose a selection of possible characters for the input .
the character recognition phase may propose a [choice] of possible characters for the input .

The identification of common phrases and word combinations may assist in selection of the correct word .
the identification of common phrases and word combinations may assist in [choice] of the correct word .

Although the task for the current system is recognition rather than comprehension , the use of semantic information is still important since it can provide a further level of constraint for selection of the correct word from the candidate words .
although the task for the current system is recognition rather than comprehension , the use of semantic information is still important since it can provide a further level of constraint for [choice] of the correct word from the candidate words .

3.2 . Selection of a Parser
3.2 . [choice] of a parser

There are a number of selection criteria that should be taken into consideration when selecting a parser . The main considerations are :
there are a number of [choice] criteria that should be taken into consideration when selecting a parser . the main considerations are :

Perhaps the most important selection to make is the type of grammar on which the parser is to be based .
perhaps the most important [choice] to make is the type of grammar on which the parser is to be based .

There are a number of practical considerations that must be taken into account in the selection of a parser .
there are a number of practical considerations that must be taken into account in the [choice] of a parser .

For the initial investigation no tagged corpus was available , instead the text used for training consisted of a selection of ‘ raw ’ ( i.e .
for the initial investigation no tagged corpus was available , instead the text used for training consisted of a [choice] of ‘ raw ’ ( i.e .

In order to achieve this balance care must be taken in the selection of sources from which the corpus is created and how much of each source is used in the corpus .
in order to achieve this balance care must be taken in the [choice] of sources from which the corpus is created and how much of each source is used in the corpus .

Even if the complete compound exists within the syntax window it is likely that the incorrect parts of speech will be assigned to the constituent words resulting in an erratic selection of words by the analyser .
even if the complete compound exists within the syntax window it is likely that the incorrect parts of speech will be assigned to the constituent words resulting in an erratic [choice] of words by the analyser .

start , middle and end of the trigram ) improve the selection of the correct word from the lattice .
start , middle and end of the trigram ) improve the [choice] of the correct word from the lattice .

The use of syntactic information for assisting in the selection of the correct word candidates in an automatic text recognition system has been investigated .
the use of syntactic information for assisting in the [choice] of the correct word candidates in an automatic text recognition system has been investigated .

The programme provides us with a quaint selection of Sons , Brides and other relations of Frankenstein , all based on some English lady 's knock-off of Rabbi Judah Loewe and the golem of Prague .
the programme provides us with a quaint [choice] of sons , brides and other relations of frankenstein , all based on some english lady 's knock-off of rabbi judah loewe and the golem of prague .

The final selection was slanted towards books with a strong social content and which explored political issues .
the final [choice] was slanted towards books with a strong social content and which explored political issues .

But the trial shows the need to look with the utmost care at staff selection procedures .
but the trial shows the need to look with the utmost care at staff [choice] procedures .

The House will be aware that the majority of contracts for the development of this aircraft have already been let , including the radar selection which my right hon .
the house will be aware that the majority of contracts for the development of this aircraft have already been let , including the radar [choice] which my right hon .

That seems a strangely ill-prepared way to attend such a debate — without a copy of the Bill or of the Hansard of the Standing Committee , with Mr. Speaker 's selection of amendments or copies of those amendments .
that seems a strangely ill-prepared way to attend such a debate — without a copy of the bill or of the hansard of the standing committee , with mr. speaker 's [choice] of amendments or copies of those amendments .

Here is a selection of questions ( answers at the end of the Journal ) : —
here is a [choice] of questions ( answers at the end of the journal ) : —

Ordered , That the Bill be committed to a Select Committee of seven Members , four to be nominated by the House and three by the Committee of Selection .
ordered , that the bill be committed to a select committee of seven members , four to be nominated by the house and three by the committee of [choice] .

Instead academic publishers compete in duplication the same market , publishing different editions of the same small selection of writing .
instead academic publishers compete in duplication the same market , publishing different editions of the same small [choice] of writing .

The selection of an anecdote to narrate the significance of an occasion is more important than the general sense of what was actually said or done .
the [choice] of an anecdote to narrate the significance of an occasion is more important than the general sense of what was actually said or done .

Identifying and examining a cross-section of planning departments to pursue in-depth studies concerning the selection , introduction and operation of computer systems .
identifying and examining a cross-section of planning departments to pursue in-depth studies concerning the [choice] , introduction and operation of computer systems .

The third part of the book covers the selection , design and installation of a smallbore central heating system .
the third part of the book covers the [choice] , design and installation of a smallbore central heating system .

Unfortunately , there is little pipe — so you would need quite a standardisation between nut sizes large selection of open-ended spanners to cope with all the nuts you might find .
unfortunately , there is little pipe — so you would need quite a standardisation between nut sizes large [choice] of open-ended spanners to cope with all the nuts you might find .

You probably have a reasonable selection of screwdrivers already .
you probably have a reasonable [choice] of screwdrivers already .

Like school team selection time , there are winners and losers by decree .
like school team [choice] time , there are winners and losers by decree .

Some members of Red , Yeb , Baz , Jasper , girlies and an assorted selection of strangers and their managers take their seats and we pull dreamily away from the pavement .
some members of red , yeb , baz , jasper , girlies and an assorted [choice] of strangers and their managers take their seats and we pull dreamily away from the pavement .

The sky is now spotted with a scattered selection of bright dots like children 's vitamin pills .
the sky is now spotted with a scattered [choice] of bright dots like children 's vitamin pills .

Indeed , the selection of an indexing approach is crucially dependent upon user requirements .
indeed , the [choice] of an indexing approach is crucially dependent upon user requirements .

The selection of certain subjects to be specified and the omission of other subjects is rather dependent upon the collection to be classified ; thus , especially with regard to the selection process , it is difficult to design a scheme which is suitable for a number of different libraries .
the [choice] of certain subjects to be specified and the omission of other subjects is rather dependent upon the collection to be classified ; thus , especially with regard to the [choice] process , it is difficult to design a scheme which is suitable for a number of different libraries .

The three following principles are employed in Sears ' for the selection and assignment of subject headings :
the three following principles are employed in sears ' for the [choice] and assignment of subject headings :

Selection of terms to be included in the thesaurus .
[choice] of terms to be included in the thesaurus .

Synonyms , related terms and other variants must now be collected , either by human selection or with the aid of the computer .
synonyms , related terms and other variants must now be collected , either by human [choice] or with the aid of the computer .

These sources , which form the basis of the intellectual selection of terms , may be augmented or ousted by the machine selection of terms .
these sources , which form the basis of the intellectual [choice] of terms , may be augmented or ousted by the machine [choice] of terms .

For him the value of representative democracy resides in the fact that it makes possible the selection of effective political leaders , as well as providing a training for them .
for him the value of representative democracy resides in the fact that it makes possible the [choice] of effective political leaders , as well as providing a training for them .

This restrictive conception of democracy as a technique for the selection of political leaders was one important influence leading political sociologists to devote their attention too exclusively to elections and voting behaviour .
this restrictive conception of democracy as a technique for the [choice] of political leaders was one important influence leading political sociologists to devote their attention too exclusively to elections and voting behaviour .

This suggests that governments can use monetary policy to stabilize output by appropriate selection of γ 2 that is , by appropriately selecting the link between the money stock and the aggregate demand shock two periods before .
this suggests that governments can use monetary policy to stabilize output by appropriate [choice] of γ 2 that is , by appropriately selecting the link between the money stock and the aggregate demand shock two periods before .

To see clearly that the selection of the parameter γ 2 affects the distribution of output around its natural level , we follow Barro 's procedure and first derive what real output in a typical market would be if there were full current information ; that is , if everyone knew the current value of all the shocks affecting the economy .
to see clearly that the [choice] of the parameter γ 2 affects the distribution of output around its natural level , we follow barro 's procedure and first derive what real output in a typical market would be if there were full current information ; that is , if everyone knew the current value of all the shocks affecting the economy .

So the selection of this value for γ 1 causes no change in the price term which influences supply , .
so the [choice] of this value for γ 1 causes no change in the price term which influences supply , .

It is clear from this equation that the selection of the policy parameter γ 1 is now important for the distribution of output around its full information value .
it is clear from this equation that the [choice] of the policy parameter γ 1 is now important for the distribution of output around its full information value .

The selection rules depend on the symmetry properties of the electronic transition .
the [choice] rules depend on the symmetry properties of the electronic transition .

5.7.1 Fundamental vibrational selection rule
5.7.1 fundamental vibrational [choice] rule

The main exceptions to the selection rule occur in electronic spectra ( see Section 6.6 ) , and in the resonance Raman effect ( Section 5.17 ) , where progressions due to transitions with Δν = 0 , 1 , 2 , 3 … may be observed .
the main exceptions to the [choice] rule occur in electronic spectra ( see section 6.6 ) , and in the resonance raman effect ( section 5.17 ) , where progressions due to transitions with δν = 0 , 1 , 2 , 3 … may be observed .

5.7.2 . Symmetry selection rules
5.7.2 . symmetry [choice] rules

We must therefore consider first how to determine the symmetry of a vibration , and secondly what the consequences of these symmetry selection rules may be .
we must therefore consider first how to determine the symmetry of a vibration , and secondly what the consequences of these symmetry [choice] rules may be .

In the absence of symmetry selection rules that require it to be zero , the value of the derivative is not restricted .
in the absence of symmetry [choice] rules that require it to be zero , the value of the derivative is not restricted .

In real life , the business of deducing molecular symmetry from vibrational spectra may be complicated by transitions which do not correspond to the vibrational selection rule .
in real life , the business of deducing molecular symmetry from vibrational spectra may be complicated by transitions which do not correspond to the vibrational [choice] rule .

Those with are formally forbidden under the fundamental vibrational selection rule .
those with are formally forbidden under the fundamental vibrational [choice] rule .

Difference bands behave exactly like the corresponding combination bands as far as symmetry selection rules , band contours and polarization are concerned .
difference bands behave exactly like the corresponding combination bands as far as symmetry [choice] rules , band contours and polarization are concerned .

If the substitution is only partial ( involving only one , say , of a group of symmetry-related atoms ) the resulting reduction of molecular symmetry may alter the selection rules .
if the substitution is only partial ( involving only one , say , of a group of symmetry-related atoms ) the resulting reduction of molecular symmetry may alter the [choice] rules .

There is no simple selection rule for Δν in this case , and in some cases extensive vibrational progressions are found .
there is no simple [choice] rule for δν in this case , and in some cases extensive vibrational progressions are found .

The selection rules governing the changes in vibrational and rotational quantum numbers depend on the nature of the electronic transition , and they can be ascertained by analyzing the pattern and structures of the bands .
the [choice] rules governing the changes in vibrational and rotational quantum numbers depend on the nature of the electronic transition , and they can be ascertained by analyzing the pattern and structures of the bands .

6.7.3 Selection rules
6.7.3 [choice] rules

The selection rules that govern the intensities of valence electronic transitions are derived from the quantum mechanical equations that are used to formalize and understand the processes involved .
the [choice] rules that govern the intensities of valence electronic transitions are derived from the quantum mechanical equations that are used to formalize and understand the processes involved .

The rules can be divided into those concerned with electron spin and those related to orbital properties . The spin selection rules are very simple in principle :
the rules can be divided into those concerned with electron spin and those related to orbital properties . the spin [choice] rules are very simple in principle :

The orbital selection rule may be stated in different ways .
the orbital [choice] rule may be stated in different ways .

This rule is known as the Laporte selection rule .
this rule is known as the laporte [choice] rule .

It is less stringent than the spin selection rule , partly because the mechanisms for getting round it are more effective .
it is less stringent than the spin [choice] rule , partly because the mechanisms for getting round it are more effective .

Another feature of electronic transitions is that the selection rule for pure vibrational transitions no longer applies .
another feature of electronic transitions is that the [choice] rule for pure vibrational transitions no longer applies .

The bands associated with them are rarely very strong , and are sometimes very weak because of the electronic selection rules , but they have been studied extensively , and offer very detailed information about the electronic structures of transition metal derivatives .
the bands associated with them are rarely very strong , and are sometimes very weak because of the electronic [choice] rules , but they have been studied extensively , and offer very detailed information about the electronic structures of transition metal derivatives .

If an individual faced with a higher level of benefits out of work relative to expected income in work will be more choosy in job selection , the actual magnitude of the effects of these benefits on the behaviour of the unemployed becomes important to policy makers .
if an individual faced with a higher level of benefits out of work relative to expected income in work will be more choosy in job [choice] , the actual magnitude of the effects of these benefits on the behaviour of the unemployed becomes important to policy makers .

The selection of materials to be processed is made in the field and usually collections comprising many samples arrive in the laboratory at any one time .
the [choice] of materials to be processed is made in the field and usually collections comprising many samples arrive in the laboratory at any one time .

Careful selection of critical areas for sectioning saves time and expense , and allows subsequent petrographic study to be based on knowledge of the section 's context .
careful [choice] of critical areas for sectioning saves time and expense , and allows subsequent petrographic study to be based on knowledge of the section 's context .

This leaves pension funds with a very wide range of powers over the selection and management of investments and this has attracted a degree of adverse attention in recent years .
this leaves pension funds with a very wide range of powers over the [choice] and management of investments and this has attracted a degree of adverse attention in recent years .

The commission recommended , as a step towards integration , that a number of public schools should accept some of their pupils ( eventually at least half ) from maintained schools , using criteria of comprehensive selection and social needs ( rather than selection according to ability ) ; these pupils would receive financial assistance .
the commission recommended , as a step towards integration , that a number of public schools should accept some of their pupils ( eventually at least half ) from maintained schools , using criteria of comprehensive [choice] and social needs ( rather than [choice] according to ability ) ; these pupils would receive financial assistance .

This Circular declared the ( Labour ) government 's objective of ending selection at 11 plus and eliminating separatism in secondary education .
this circular declared the ( labour ) government 's objective of ending [choice] at 11 plus and eliminating separatism in secondary education .

This Circular withdrew Circular 10/70 , and reaffirmed the ( Labour ) government 's objectives of ending selection at 11 plus and creating a unified system of secondary education .
this circular withdrew circular 10/70 , and reaffirmed the ( labour ) government 's objectives of ending [choice] at 11 plus and creating a unified system of secondary education .

This attempted to abolish selection by ability for secondary schools .
this attempted to abolish [choice] by ability for secondary schools .

It laid down the general principle of comprehensive education which would have ended selection over a period ( but this was repealed in the 1979 Act ) .
it laid down the general principle of comprehensive education which would have ended [choice] over a period ( but this was repealed in the 1979 act ) .

The conjecture that the stress energy tensor is proportional to some curvature tensor leads to the selection for this role of a unique contraction of the Riemann tensor ( Section 7.3 ) called the Einstein tensor .
the conjecture that the stress energy tensor is proportional to some curvature tensor leads to the [choice] for this role of a unique contraction of the riemann tensor ( section 7.3 ) called the einstein tensor .

Some further criterion of selection is required , which in practice must mean the analyst 's own preconceptions , or his overall impression , as to what is important or interesting about the text he is dealing with .
some further criterion of [choice] is required , which in practice must mean the analyst 's own preconceptions , or his overall impression , as to what is important or interesting about the text he is dealing with .

Jakobson , however , proposes a different ‘ empirical linguistic criterion ’ for the definition of the poetic function : ‘ The poetic function projects the principle of equivalence from the axis of selection into the axis of combination .
jakobson , however , proposes a different ‘ empirical linguistic criterion ’ for the definition of the poetic function : ‘ the poetic function projects the principle of equivalence from the axis of [choice] into the axis of combination .

This distinction between the axis of selection and that of combination corresponds to Saussure 's distinction between associative and syntagmatic relationships , between relationships of absence and presence in language .
this distinction between the axis of [choice] and that of combination corresponds to saussure 's distinction between associative and syntagmatic relationships , between relationships of absence and presence in language .

Reformulating Saussure , Jakobson had pointed out earlier ( Jakobson 1956 : 55ff ) that every linguistic message is the product of a double process : ( 1 ) the act of selection among items not present in the message but associated in the code ( i.e .
reformulating saussure , jakobson had pointed out earlier ( jakobson 1956 : 55ff ) that every linguistic message is the product of a double process : ( 1 ) the act of [choice] among items not present in the message but associated in the code ( i.e .

One may quibble with some of Jakobson 's distinctions and classifications , but it must be stressed that these are only a small selection of the multitude of relationships that he identifies in the space of this short poem .
one may quibble with some of jakobson 's distinctions and classifications , but it must be stressed that these are only a small [choice] of the multitude of relationships that he identifies in the space of this short poem .

‘ Stylistics ’ thus becomes an essentially comparative study of the patterns of preference shown by the writer in his selection from the linguistic resources available to him , a question of the relative frequencies of choice which distinguish the language of his text from that of others ; it is an ‘ application rather than an extension of linguistics ’ ( p.217 ) .
‘ stylistics ’ thus becomes an essentially comparative study of the patterns of preference shown by the writer in his [choice] from the linguistic resources available to him , a question of the relative frequencies of choice which distinguish the language of his text from that of others ; it is an ‘ application rather than an extension of linguistics ’ ( p.217 ) .

She slipped on a figure-hugging black dress and adorned the outfit with a bold selection of costume jewellery .
she slipped on a figure-hugging black dress and adorned the outfit with a bold [choice] of costume jewellery .

Most schools have a selection of resources based upon a white , ethnocentric curriculum , and publishers and producers still feel there is little market for anything else .
most schools have a [choice] of resources based upon a white , ethnocentric curriculum , and publishers and producers still feel there is little market for anything else .

Assessment for selection and evaluation is summative ; assessment to inform the teaching is formative .
assessment for [choice] and evaluation is summative ; assessment to inform the teaching is formative .

Subsequent sections of this article explore , in turn , assessment for teaching , selection , evaluation and curriculum control .
subsequent sections of this article explore , in turn , assessment for teaching , [choice] , evaluation and curriculum control .

Assessment for selection
assessment for [choice]

Selection also takes place for purposes which go beyond the school .
[choice] also takes place for purposes which go beyond the school .

’ They need information about what constitutes and causes success or failure within a particular domain , as well as strategies for detecting this at the time of the selection .
’ they need information about what constitutes and causes success or failure within a particular domain , as well as strategies for detecting this at the time of the [choice] .

However , there are considerable difficulties associated with assessment for selection .
however , there are considerable difficulties associated with assessment for [choice] .

Assessments for selection primarily serve the interests of the selectors , who , in turn , represent concerns within society such as industrial and economic achievement , or academic excellence .
assessments for [choice] primarily serve the interests of the selectors , who , in turn , represent concerns within society such as industrial and economic achievement , or academic excellence .

However , selection for opportunities outside affects what happens at school .
however , [choice] for opportunities outside affects what happens at school .

Selection for teaching groups within the school may also affect pupils .
[choice] for teaching groups within the school may also affect pupils .

For any selection procedure , there are three questions to consider .
for any [choice] procedure , there are three questions to consider .

Does it have a negative and disproportionately large influence on those who are not selected , especially those who do not wish to be considered for selection ?
does it have a negative and disproportionately large influence on those who are not selected , especially those who do not wish to be considered for [choice] ?

Thus , imposed assessments , either incidentally , when assessments are carried out for selection or evaluation , or deliberately , if they are so designed , can have the effect of controlling the curriculum .
thus , imposed assessments , either incidentally , when assessments are carried out for [choice] or evaluation , or deliberately , if they are so designed , can have the effect of controlling the curriculum .

The above selection ( out of fifty-two questions presented in the article ) , represents the kind of general questioning being advocated as a necessary first step towards a more detailed analysis of each subject area .
the above [choice] ( out of fifty-two questions presented in the article ) , represents the kind of general questioning being advocated as a necessary first step towards a more detailed analysis of each subject area .

What now follows is an example of one such analysis in the area of English ; the use of the ‘ class reader ’ which attempts to answer the question : ‘ Does the selection of such texts take into account the above criteria ? ’
what now follows is an example of one such analysis in the area of english ; the use of the ‘ class reader ’ which attempts to answer the question : ‘ does the [choice] of such texts take into account the above criteria ? ’

discover teachers ' reasons for selection and use of the most popular texts ;
discover teachers ' reasons for [choice] and use of the most popular texts ;

Teachers ' Reasons for Selection of Texts
teachers ' reasons for [choice] of texts

Its appealing theme of adventure and war was mentioned and under the heading ‘ reasons for selection ’ , ‘ good adventure story ’ , ‘ gory in places ’ , ‘ parents versus children ’ , ‘ children wanting to fight their own war themselves ’ are all offered as significant features .
its appealing theme of adventure and war was mentioned and under the heading ‘ reasons for [choice] ’ , ‘ good adventure story ’ , ‘ gory in places ’ , ‘ parents versus children ’ , ‘ children wanting to fight their own war themselves ’ are all offered as significant features .

Although the planners , writers , illustrators and publishers of textbooks and children 's books in general have the power to influence attitudes and to develop a sense of equality and respect for all , it is frequently the teachers ' selection of texts on a ‘ gender-aware ’ basis , and with a view to the overall literary diet of pupils , which is a deciding factor .
although the planners , writers , illustrators and publishers of textbooks and children 's books in general have the power to influence attitudes and to develop a sense of equality and respect for all , it is frequently the teachers ' [choice] of texts on a ‘ gender-aware ’ basis , and with a view to the overall literary diet of pupils , which is a deciding factor .

This kind of ‘ searching out ’ or conscious selection is an important feature .
this kind of ‘ searching out ’ or conscious [choice] is an important feature .

Professional associations would seem to be well placed in terms of expertise and disinterest to carry out this kind of selection .
professional associations would seem to be well placed in terms of expertise and disinterest to carry out this kind of [choice] .

For the last decade , such accolades have been heard more rarely since Mr Swinton chose a hermit 's life in the West Country and no paintings of his have come before the Selection Committee at the Royal Academy since he left London .
for the last decade , such accolades have been heard more rarely since mr swinton chose a hermit 's life in the west country and no paintings of his have come before the [choice] committee at the royal academy since he left london .

When he presided in court , the count was accompanied by a panel of local boni homines , `` good men `` , that is , more substantial landholders with perhaps further qualifications of age and experience and personal prestige , in whose selection an element of peer-group choice was acknowledged .
when he presided in court , the count was accompanied by a panel of local boni homines , `` good men `` , that is , more substantial landholders with perhaps further qualifications of age and experience and personal prestige , in whose [choice] an element of peer-group choice was acknowledged .

To supervise for instance the selection of `` good men `` to serve on local panels , they sent missi from the palace .
to supervise for instance the [choice] of `` good men `` to serve on local panels , they sent missi from the palace .

Changed circumstances began to alter the criteria which were used for the selection and appointment of heads .
changed circumstances began to alter the criteria which were used for the [choice] and appointment of heads .

Alternatively many restaurants offer a cosmopolitan selection of dishes and so you can find on the one menu everything from the French Eggs Benedict to native Cajun Chicken and of course the ubiquitous Apple Pie .
alternatively many restaurants offer a cosmopolitan [choice] of dishes and so you can find on the one menu everything from the french eggs benedict to native cajun chicken and of course the ubiquitous apple pie .

Selection criteria tends to be whatever is cheapest in ‘ Bargain Books ’ .
[choice] criteria tends to be whatever is cheapest in ‘ bargain books ’ .

This selection were at least self-inflicted , with the theatre of operations restricted to himself .
this [choice] were at least self-inflicted , with the theatre of operations restricted to himself .

Glasgow 's growing importance as a European commercial centre was underlined by the city 's selection as the venue for Europartenariat ‘ 93 — the largest European event for small and medium sized enterprises .
glasgow 's growing importance as a european commercial centre was underlined by the city 's [choice] as the venue for europartenariat ‘ 93 — the largest european event for small and medium sized enterprises .

An announcement in May confirming the selection of Glasgow removed earlier uncertainty , although final confirmation has to wait for a further consultation period until the end of June .
an announcement in may confirming the [choice] of glasgow removed earlier uncertainty , although final confirmation has to wait for a further consultation period until the end of june .

Conditions were extremely arduous and the work exhausting but at least , as one former prisoner testified years later , unlike conventional prisons all over Spain , there was neither the obligation to sing the Falangist hymn , nor the nightly selection ( saca ) of prisoners to be shot next day .
conditions were extremely arduous and the work exhausting but at least , as one former prisoner testified years later , unlike conventional prisons all over spain , there was neither the obligation to sing the falangist hymn , nor the nightly [choice] ( saca ) of prisoners to be shot next day .

All staff who take part in selection interviewing
all staff who take part in [choice] interviewing

The following selection of support materials may be found helpful by centres :
the following [choice] of support materials may be found helpful by centres :

However , each module places different demands on the student and those responsible for programme design and guiding students in the selection of modules should bear these demands in mind , so that modules are taken which are appropriate to interest , experience and previous attainment .
however , each module places different demands on the student and those responsible for programme design and guiding students in the [choice] of modules should bear these demands in mind , so that modules are taken which are appropriate to interest , experience and previous attainment .

4.2 Preferred entry level statements in the module descriptors give guidance on the demands of different modules in the cognate group and provide points of reference for selection and initial registration .
4.2 preferred entry level statements in the module descriptors give guidance on the demands of different modules in the cognate group and provide points of reference for [choice] and initial registration .

By careful selection of topics from the content of the module , the student can be provided with the opportunity of exploring the usefulness and limitations of selected strategies to different types of problem before going on to tackle the formal investigation .
by careful [choice] of topics from the content of the module , the student can be provided with the opportunity of exploring the usefulness and limitations of selected strategies to different types of problem before going on to tackle the formal investigation .

Selection of a suitable topic for investigation out of a set of possibilities can be made through the application of a number of criteria which can act as a useful screen for filtering out unsuitable topics .
[choice] of a suitable topic for investigation out of a set of possibilities can be made through the application of a number of criteria which can act as a useful screen for filtering out unsuitable topics .

The selection of appropriate investigations is a crucial process .
the [choice] of appropriate investigations is a crucial process .

the strategies which could be adopted , with some justification for selection ;
the strategies which could be adopted , with some justification for [choice] ;

For example , to indicate explicitly which strategy to employ is to deny the student the opportunity of selection .
for example , to indicate explicitly which strategy to employ is to deny the student the opportunity of [choice] .

It is essential , however , that the student takes responsibility for the final decisions on the selection of strategies and means of implementation .
it is essential , however , that the student takes responsibility for the final decisions on the [choice] of strategies and means of implementation .

This would then be a useful time to engage in the brainstorming process to generate additional topics for individual investigations and give practice in applying the selection criteria .
this would then be a useful time to engage in the brainstorming process to generate additional topics for individual investigations and give practice in applying the [choice] criteria .

Whenever a preliminary selection has been made the student should be encouraged to consider the feasibility of the topic in terms of the resource implications and other constraints .
whenever a preliminary [choice] has been made the student should be encouraged to consider the feasibility of the topic in terms of the resource implications and other constraints .

The final selection of the investigation must rest with the student .
the final [choice] of the investigation must rest with the student .

As well as evidence of the selection of a strategy , there should be evidence of the justification for selection eg the student explains why graphical techniques were used to investigate the phasing of traffic lights .
as well as evidence of the [choice] of a strategy , there should be evidence of the justification for [choice] eg the student explains why graphical techniques were used to investigate the phasing of traffic lights .

The existence of a written job description prepared in advance of recruitment and selection is considered evidence of the job 's essential functions , but would not be accepted uncritically .
the existence of a written job description prepared in advance of recruitment and [choice] is considered evidence of the job 's essential functions , but would not be accepted uncritically .

Such inquiries also occur face-to-face during the course of an interview or selection procedure .
such inquiries also occur face-to-face during the course of an interview or [choice] procedure .

The most usual situation is for the Commissioner to be asked to advise on the selection of a solicitor , and the applicant will be given a list from which to choose .
the most usual situation is for the commissioner to be asked to advise on the [choice] of a solicitor , and the applicant will be given a list from which to choose .

One of the panel , Keith Parker , editor of the Wolverhampton Express and Star , described the selection as ‘ a very difficult job ’ .
one of the panel , keith parker , editor of the wolverhampton express and star , described the [choice] as ‘ a very difficult job ’ .

Yet , without minimising the very real material and political benefits gained by ordinary working-class people in the 1940s , one must recognise the qualitatively ambiguous nature of these welfare innovations : a National Health Service which greatly benefited working-class women and children but also consolidated the power of an elite of consultants ; secondary education for all , but qualitatively differentiated , with selection by and large on grounds of social class , and the independent sector left intact ; a comprehensive social security system , but with benefit rates no higher in relation to average earnings than they had been in the 1930s .
yet , without minimising the very real material and political benefits gained by ordinary working-class people in the 1940s , one must recognise the qualitatively ambiguous nature of these welfare innovations : a national health service which greatly benefited working-class women and children but also consolidated the power of an elite of consultants ; secondary education for all , but qualitatively differentiated , with [choice] by and large on grounds of social class , and the independent sector left intact ; a comprehensive social security system , but with benefit rates no higher in relation to average earnings than they had been in the 1930s .

In 1942 the Scottish Council for Research in Education published the conclusions of McClelland 's study of selection procedures for secondary education .
in 1942 the scottish council for research in education published the conclusions of mcclelland 's study of [choice] procedures for secondary education .

Changes occurred as a by-product of war emergency which greatly affected people 's view of the secondary selection system .
changes occurred as a by-product of war emergency which greatly affected people 's view of the secondary [choice] system .

The inspectorate , who came into most frequent contact with the diversities of local procedures , were consistently interested in ‘ modernising ’ the selection system , and in some ways they were the single group most responsible for altering local authority activities . Some of them obviously exceeded their duties in their zeal for examination improvement , as a memo of December 1942 makes clear : These examinations are to be regarded as a domestic affair of the Local Education Authorities for the conduct of which no responsibility must rest upon Inspectors …
the inspectorate , who came into most frequent contact with the diversities of local procedures , were consistently interested in ‘ modernising ’ the [choice] system , and in some ways they were the single group most responsible for altering local authority activities . some of them obviously exceeded their duties in their zeal for examination improvement , as a memo of december 1942 makes clear : these examinations are to be regarded as a domestic affair of the local education authorities for the conduct of which no responsibility must rest upon inspectors …

4– The inspectors could encourage change but not enforce it — central bodies had no direct power over secondary selection .
4– the inspectors could encourage change but not enforce it — central bodies had no direct power over secondary [choice] .

They raised them to 100 % so that all secondary education was to be carried out on selection by merit.47
they raised them to 100 % so that all secondary education was to be carried out on [choice] by merit.47

In very few education committees did the passing of the Act cause any change in the selection process at all ; in many the change was cosmetic .
in very few education committees did the passing of the act cause any change in the [choice] process at all ; in many the change was cosmetic .

Yet this change did not require much expenditure or creative thought allocation as a concept could have been deployed , rather than selection .
yet this change did not require much expenditure or creative thought allocation as a concept could have been deployed , rather than [choice] .

Selection in the localities
[choice] in the localities

What it meant to move towards school records could be to increase the subjective , teacher-controlled element in selection or to diminish the relative effects of differences between teachers or schools — it was never an unambiguous change .
what it meant to move towards school records could be to increase the subjective , teacher-controlled element in [choice] or to diminish the relative effects of differences between teachers or schools — it was never an unambiguous change .

It is not clear why the motives of the White Paper of 1943 , the intentions of the inspectorate and the hopes of educational reformers were so little heeded in the specific detail of selection .
it is not clear why the motives of the white paper of 1943 , the intentions of the inspectorate and the hopes of educational reformers were so little heeded in the specific detail of [choice] .

The obvious explanation is that the finer points of selection were to be left to the LEAs as compensation for loss of power , because central direction was unnecessary .
the obvious explanation is that the finer points of [choice] were to be left to the leas as compensation for loss of power , because central direction was unnecessary .

The single most important move of the 1938–50 period was the extension of selection to the entire age group , and the 1944 Act actually made this more commonplace , but it did not create the move — only forty-three LEAs , less than half , considered the whole group throughout the selection process , another forty LEAs qualified children by excluding those who did badly in a first exam as part of the selection procedure .
the single most important move of the 1938–50 period was the extension of [choice] to the entire age group , and the 1944 act actually made this more commonplace , but it did not create the move — only forty-three leas , less than half , considered the whole group throughout the [choice] process , another forty leas qualified children by excluding those who did badly in a first exam as part of the [choice] procedure .

It was at the pivot of the secondary system — the process of selection — that innovation apparently took place .
it was at the pivot of the secondary system — the process of [choice] — that innovation apparently took place .

However , despite some change in secondary selection , it remains the case , most remarkably , that though wartime and free education made the arguments of economy , fairness and impartiality more applicable they did not make them universally acceptable .
however , despite some change in secondary [choice] , it remains the case , most remarkably , that though wartime and free education made the arguments of economy , fairness and impartiality more applicable they did not make them universally acceptable .

The important changes in design were firstly to increase the number of judgments in the recognition phase in order to obtain better recognition data than was available for the previous studies , secondly , to use a much more varied selection of driving situations , and thirdly to show each location only once during the judgment phase of the experiment .
the important changes in design were firstly to increase the number of judgments in the recognition phase in order to obtain better recognition data than was available for the previous studies , secondly , to use a much more varied [choice] of driving situations , and thirdly to show each location only once during the judgment phase of the experiment .

Although it was desired to have as wide a selection of situations as possible in the stimulus set , caution dictated against simply selecting a random set of situations differing along multiple dimensions .
although it was desired to have as wide a [choice] of situations as possible in the stimulus set , caution dictated against simply selecting a random set of situations differing along multiple dimensions .

‘ Our aim is to develop gymnasts from grass roots to top level , paying particular attention to coaching standards , setting the rules and standards for competitions and criteria for team selection . ’
‘ our aim is to develop gymnasts from grass roots to top level , paying particular attention to coaching standards , setting the rules and standards for competitions and criteria for team [choice] . ’

And finally you have to complete the gruelling selection weekend run by Raleigh International on 16/17 October !
and finally you have to complete the gruelling [choice] weekend run by raleigh international on 16/17 october !

Thus ( 54 ) , with an adjective which can occur predicatively ( but not in the prenominal attributive position ) , is quite acceptable ; but ( 55 ) , containing galore which is excluded from ordinary predicative position , is not : ( 54 ) the observers reported Her Majesty ( to be ) asleep ( 55 ) the observers reported the whisky ( to be ) galore We may further note that there are certain inherently restrictive adjectives ( including superlatives and , under certain conditions , ordinals ) which imply selection out of a known set , and which appear to occur ( unlike most adjectives ) in ordinary predicative position accompanied by the definite article : ( 56 ) ( a ) your slice is the largest ( b ) your slice is the small ( See Chapter 7 ; and Ferris , in preparation . )
thus ( 54 ) , with an adjective which can occur predicatively ( but not in the prenominal attributive position ) , is quite acceptable ; but ( 55 ) , containing galore which is excluded from ordinary predicative position , is not : ( 54 ) the observers reported her majesty ( to be ) asleep ( 55 ) the observers reported the whisky ( to be ) galore we may further note that there are certain inherently restrictive adjectives ( including superlatives and , under certain conditions , ordinals ) which imply [choice] out of a known set , and which appear to occur ( unlike most adjectives ) in ordinary predicative position accompanied by the definite article : ( 56 ) ( a ) your slice is the largest ( b ) your slice is the small ( see chapter 7 ; and ferris , in preparation . )

Even more important , the emperor 's participation , which had accounted for the selection of many eleventh-century popes ( and anti-popes ) had been totally rejected by 1179 .
even more important , the emperor 's participation , which had accounted for the [choice] of many eleventh-century popes ( and anti-popes ) had been totally rejected by 1179 .

But a random selection of the massive output of the chancery shows all the stops pulled out of the papal organ : the reminder to the papal judge , acting by delegation in a distant province of the Church , that he will need to answer for his actions before the Supreme Judge , the care with which letters seeking advice are answered ( Eustace of Ely ) , the terrible missives which reached King John and other miscreants and recalcitrants .
but a random [choice] of the massive output of the chancery shows all the stops pulled out of the papal organ : the reminder to the papal judge , acting by delegation in a distant province of the church , that he will need to answer for his actions before the supreme judge , the care with which letters seeking advice are answered ( eustace of ely ) , the terrible missives which reached king john and other miscreants and recalcitrants .

the term ‘ natural selection ’ had been used by others before Darwin supplied the concept which the term now implies ) .
the term ‘ natural [choice] ’ had been used by others before darwin supplied the concept which the term now implies ) .

The formal environment within which this form of communication takes place ; the circulation of preprints or abstracts prior to conferences ; the peer review involved in the selection of speakers and topics ; and the public nature of the talks , all ensure that this form of oral presentation is a much more structured and circumscribed communication than a mere conversation .
the formal environment within which this form of communication takes place ; the circulation of preprints or abstracts prior to conferences ; the peer review involved in the [choice] of speakers and topics ; and the public nature of the talks , all ensure that this form of oral presentation is a much more structured and circumscribed communication than a mere conversation .

Revolutionary ideas in science , such as the idea of evolution by natural selection ; quantum physics itself ; plate tectonics , or the genetic code , can occur through the action of single , high-influence ideas , or through the summation of numbers of small , accretionary pieces of evidence .
revolutionary ideas in science , such as the idea of evolution by natural [choice] ; quantum physics itself ; plate tectonics , or the genetic code , can occur through the action of single , high-influence ideas , or through the summation of numbers of small , accretionary pieces of evidence .

But , none the less , the aim to study the whole population determined the scope and the character of both these types of early surveys and , in so doing , encouraged the search for new ways of doing so cheaply through innovations in the applications of statistical theory to the selection of samples .
but , none the less , the aim to study the whole population determined the scope and the character of both these types of early surveys and , in so doing , encouraged the search for new ways of doing so cheaply through innovations in the applications of statistical theory to the [choice] of samples .

Broadly , the reason for this is that in smaller populations the selection of an extreme value for the sample would have a greater effect on the calculation of any value for that sample if the sample was also small as a ratio of the population .
broadly , the reason for this is that in smaller populations the [choice] of an extreme value for the sample would have a greater effect on the calculation of any value for that sample if the sample was also small as a ratio of the population .

Strictly speaking , of course , this kind of sampling does not allow the deployment of statistical analysis in order to make inferences to population values from the sample , since the selection of cases within quota categories is not done according to random sampling procedures .
strictly speaking , of course , this kind of sampling does not allow the deployment of statistical analysis in order to make inferences to population values from the sample , since the [choice] of cases within quota categories is not done according to random sampling procedures .

The random selection of units was vital .
the random [choice] of units was vital .

The random selection of cases is an approximation to experimental randomisation if it can be assumed that the population from which the sample is drawn is homogeneous : a reasonable assumption when dealing with a population of seeds , plants , germs , etc .
the random [choice] of cases is an approximation to experimental randomisation if it can be assumed that the population from which the sample is drawn is homogeneous : a reasonable assumption when dealing with a population of seeds , plants , germs , etc .

The `` fixed-alternative `` question provides respondents with a selection of answers , `` yes `` or `` no `` or `` do n't know `` being the simplest , from which they have to make the choice which best reflects their answer to the question .
the `` fixed-alternative `` question provides respondents with a [choice] of answers , `` yes `` or `` no `` or `` do n't know `` being the simplest , from which they have to make the choice which best reflects their answer to the question .

On May 20 the human rights organization Amnesty International had expressed concern at the lack of access of defence counsel and the " selection " process for the 200 detainees waiting to be tried .
on may 20 the human rights organization amnesty international had expressed concern at the lack of access of defence counsel and the " [choice] " process for the 200 detainees waiting to be tried .

Selection of Prime Minister-elect
[choice] of prime minister-elect

During the session there had been some debate over the selection of the ministers of finance and foreign affairs .
during the session there had been some debate over the [choice] of the ministers of finance and foreign affairs .

Scattered violence was reported , but the meetings resulted in the selection of 144,950 delegates for the primaries , which would choose gubernatorial candidates for the state elections due in 1992 .
scattered violence was reported , but the meetings resulted in the [choice] of 144,950 delegates for the primaries , which would choose gubernatorial candidates for the state elections due in 1992 .

Selection by China of Hong Kong consultants
[choice] by china of hong kong consultants

The successful candidate had been imposed by the Labour Party nationally after it had refused to place on the selection short-list the locally preferred nominee , Ken Capstick , who was a close associate of Arthur Scargill , president of the National Union of Mineworkers .
the successful candidate had been imposed by the labour party nationally after it had refused to place on the [choice] short-list the locally preferred nominee , ken capstick , who was a close associate of arthur scargill , president of the national union of mineworkers .

Although the final decision on the choice of chairman was to be made by the Republican National Committee in January , most observers believed that , with Bush 's endorsement , the selection of Bennett was a formality .
although the final decision on the choice of chairman was to be made by the republican national committee in january , most observers believed that , with bush 's endorsement , the [choice] of bennett was a formality .

Selection of Cabinet — Executive appointments
[choice] of cabinet — executive appointments

Both Ozawa and Hata expressed their disapproval of the choice by boycotting occasion of the announcement of Obuchi 's selection .
both ozawa and hata expressed their disapproval of the choice by boycotting occasion of the announcement of obuchi 's [choice] .

Ozawa and his supporters — estimated to constitute a majority within the faction 's 67 members in the lower chamber of the Diet , and to include almost all of the faction 's younger members — contested the procedural validity of Obuchi 's selection and indicated that they were prepared to establish a breakaway faction rather than accept his leadership .
ozawa and his supporters — estimated to constitute a majority within the faction 's 67 members in the lower chamber of the diet , and to include almost all of the faction 's younger members — contested the procedural validity of obuchi 's [choice] and indicated that they were prepared to establish a breakaway faction rather than accept his leadership .

Noting that the award corresponded with the 500th anniversary of the arrival of Christopher Columbus in the Americas , it said that this `` was not a coincidence [ but ] … it was not the only factor `` in the selection .
noting that the award corresponded with the 500th anniversary of the arrival of christopher columbus in the americas , it said that this `` was not a coincidence [ but ] … it was not the only factor `` in the [choice] .

Students had in particular objected to the introduction of a selection process for university entrance .
students had in particular objected to the introduction of a [choice] process for university entrance .

The key message emerging from the discussion is that the deployment of medical technology , be it drugs , equipment or new procedures , must rest on rigorous and continuous assessments of effectiveness cost and safety , and the appropriate selection of patients who can benefit .
the key message emerging from the discussion is that the deployment of medical technology , be it drugs , equipment or new procedures , must rest on rigorous and continuous assessments of effectiveness cost and safety , and the appropriate [choice] of patients who can benefit .

Teachers should try to identify criteria such as those mentioned above to guide their selection of content .
teachers should try to identify criteria such as those mentioned above to guide their [choice] of content .

There has to be a selection of content and teachers have to identify the key elements which they will focus upon and those which will receive the `` broad brush `` treatment .
there has to be a [choice] of content and teachers have to identify the key elements which they will focus upon and those which will receive the `` broad brush `` treatment .

In constructing a scheme of work then the selection of content must be closely related to a judgement on the depth of coverage to be attempted .
in constructing a scheme of work then the [choice] of content must be closely related to a judgement on the depth of coverage to be attempted .

does the teacher always have to use the overhead projector or slide projector with the whole class or can groups of pupils go and view a selection of slides independently as needed ?
does the teacher always have to use the overhead projector or slide projector with the whole class or can groups of pupils go and view a [choice] of slides independently as needed ?

The teacher might think of extra resources : a box of artefacts ( some of which may be replicas ) which the pupils can handle ; a bookcase with additional reference materials including dictionaries and atlases as well as appropriate texts of higher and lower levels or a selection of visual materials for study .
the teacher might think of extra resources : a box of artefacts ( some of which may be replicas ) which the pupils can handle ; a bookcase with additional reference materials including dictionaries and atlases as well as appropriate texts of higher and lower levels or a [choice] of visual materials for study .

Also as has been suggested in the Non-Statutory Guidance for history from the National Curriculum Council pupils could be given a selection of materials in a scissor and paste exercise to design a poster explaining why French people wanted a revolution in 1789 .
also as has been suggested in the non-statutory guidance for history from the national curriculum council pupils could be given a [choice] of materials in a scissor and paste exercise to design a poster explaining why french people wanted a revolution in 1789 .

Careful selection of the document is crucial .
careful [choice] of the document is crucial .

Technical deficiencies may irritate , but judicious selection of a short sequence can provide useful evidential material .
technical deficiencies may irritate , but judicious [choice] of a short sequence can provide useful evidential material .

Many departments buy a varied selection of relevant books and source material and use these alongside teacher-produced resources .
many departments buy a varied [choice] of relevant books and source material and use these alongside teacher-produced resources .

It was felt by some students that areas of the ‘ Enterprise ’ component may have been downplayed somewhat if there was no visible link between the ‘ content ’ and assessment ; however , more students expressed the view that they would scrutinise the Enterprise component of future optional and elective modules before selection .
it was felt by some students that areas of the ‘ enterprise ’ component may have been downplayed somewhat if there was no visible link between the ‘ content ’ and assessment ; however , more students expressed the view that they would scrutinise the enterprise component of future optional and elective modules before [choice] .

a concentrated effort will be made with departments to encourage further involvement of employer partners as guest lecturers ; in the process of course development ; in selection of staff .
a concentrated effort will be made with departments to encourage further involvement of employer partners as guest lecturers ; in the process of course development ; in [choice] of staff .

If you want to talk about the work of an author , you need to judge how many texts to talk about and how varied your selection needs to be ( many authors write in different modes : novels , short stories , poems , diaries and letters , etc ) .
if you want to talk about the work of an author , you need to judge how many texts to talk about and how varied your [choice] needs to be ( many authors write in different modes : novels , short stories , poems , diaries and letters , etc ) .

In other cases again , your selection is based on an informal research procedure : you choose works you consider representative in some respect ( e.g .
in other cases again , your [choice] is based on an informal research procedure : you choose works you consider representative in some respect ( e.g .

We could say simply `` ( edited ) `` but perhaps we should take the title page at its word and say instead `` ( selection and arrangement ) `` .
we could say simply `` ( edited ) `` but perhaps we should take the title page at its word and say instead `` ( [choice] and arrangement ) `` .

Can the use of psychological tests for personnel selection find you the right person for the job ? of The Psychological Corporation Ltd looks at the history of ability and personality tests and compares their predictive validity and cost effectiveness with more traditional types of assessment .
can the use of psychological tests for personnel [choice] find you the right person for the job ? of the psychological corporation ltd looks at the history of ability and personality tests and compares their predictive validity and cost effectiveness with more traditional types of assessment .

The question is , can the use of psychological tests during the selection process help to predict this future performance ?
the question is , can the use of psychological tests during the [choice] process help to predict this future performance ?

Since the time psychologists and personnel managers have searched for more effective methods of personnel selection and psychological tests are one result of this work .
since the time psychologists and personnel managers have searched for more effective methods of personnel [choice] and psychological tests are one result of this work .

Psychological tests used for selection purposes can be divided into two main categories , ability tests and personality tests .
psychological tests used for [choice] purposes can be divided into two main categories , ability tests and personality tests .

Tests in use today for personnel selection include both multiple aptitude batteries like the Differential Aptitude test which provides the kind of profile described above , and specific aptitude tests like the General Clerical Test which concentrates on one group of skills .
tests in use today for personnel [choice] include both multiple aptitude batteries like the differential aptitude test which provides the kind of profile described above , and specific aptitude tests like the general clerical test which concentrates on one group of skills .

The usefulness of any test in a selection procedure is evaluated by analysing the predictive validity of these tests within a specified situation .
the usefulness of any test in a [choice] procedure is evaluated by analysing the predictive validity of these tests within a specified situation .

Smith , Gregg and Andrews ( 1989 ) devised the following ranking of selection methods with respect to their predictive validity : graphology and astrology were at the same level as chance prediction , references and interviews were a little higher , then structured interviews , then biodata , personality tests and assessment centres for performance , then ability tests and work sample tests and finally , at the highest level , assessment centres for promotion .
smith , gregg and andrews ( 1989 ) devised the following ranking of [choice] methods with respect to their predictive validity : graphology and astrology were at the same level as chance prediction , references and interviews were a little higher , then structured interviews , then biodata , personality tests and assessment centres for performance , then ability tests and work sample tests and finally , at the highest level , assessment centres for promotion .

While these two assessments of the predictive validity of various personnel selection methods differ slightly , what they both demonstrate clearly is the enhanced predictive validity of both ability tests and personality tests over the traditional selection methods of the interview and letters of reference .
while these two assessments of the predictive validity of various personnel [choice] methods differ slightly , what they both demonstrate clearly is the enhanced predictive validity of both ability tests and personality tests over the traditional [choice] methods of the interview and letters of reference .

Meta-analysis , a statistical technique used to pool results of studies and therefore yield estimates based on samples of thousands rather than tens , allows for a re-evaluation of the predictive validity of selection methods .
meta-analysis , a statistical technique used to pool results of studies and therefore yield estimates based on samples of thousands rather than tens , allows for a re-evaluation of the predictive validity of [choice] methods .

Cook ( 1988 ) has collapsed the results of a number of meta-analytic studies to determine the usefulness of 10 selection methods with respect to validity , cost , practicality , generality and legality .
cook ( 1988 ) has collapsed the results of a number of meta-analytic studies to determine the usefulness of 10 [choice] methods with respect to validity , cost , practicality , generality and legality .

He finds that there are six classes of selection methods with high validity — peer ratings , biodata , ability tests , assessment centres , work sample tests and job knowledge tests , and concludes that ability tests are probably the best alternative because of their high generality , high practicality and low cost .
he finds that there are six classes of [choice] methods with high validity — peer ratings , biodata , ability tests , assessment centres , work sample tests and job knowledge tests , and concludes that ability tests are probably the best alternative because of their high generality , high practicality and low cost .

The findings led to a widespread belief that psychological tests were situation specific and therefore limited in their usefulness for personnel selection .
the findings led to a widespread belief that psychological tests were situation specific and therefore limited in their usefulness for personnel [choice] .

However , although the results of validity generalisation studies are impressive and constitute a strong argument in favour of using ability tests for personnel selection , it has yet to be seen to what extent its conclusions will be taken up by practitioners in the field .
however , although the results of validity generalisation studies are impressive and constitute a strong argument in favour of using ability tests for personnel [choice] , it has yet to be seen to what extent its conclusions will be taken up by practitioners in the field .

So far , this discussion has examined the usefulness of psychological tests in selection procedures in terms of their predictive validity .
so far , this discussion has examined the usefulness of psychological tests in [choice] procedures in terms of their predictive validity .

Although the formula means that the higher the validity the greater the return , it also means that selection tests can be worth using even when their validity is low , so long as their cost is also low .
although the formula means that the higher the validity the greater the return , it also means that [choice] tests can be worth using even when their validity is low , so long as their cost is also low .

Increased productivity can also mean increased costs , and the costs of selection are incurred before the savings are made , so interest charges need to be included .
increased productivity can also mean increased costs , and the costs of [choice] are incurred before the savings are made , so interest charges need to be included .

Also , employers are constantly employing new staff so the return on selection has to be calculated over a longer period of time to get a true picture of the effects of selection methods .
also , employers are constantly employing new staff so the return on [choice] has to be calculated over a longer period of time to get a true picture of the effects of [choice] methods .

Although these initial estimates are somewhat crude , either way the available results strongly suggest that use of a valid selection test can contribute susbstantially to an organisation 's profitability .
although these initial estimates are somewhat crude , either way the available results strongly suggest that use of a valid [choice] test can contribute susbstantially to an organisation 's profitability .

marketing manager of Williams Refrigeration Limited , gives a brief guide to the selection of refrigerators , consideration of kitchen design and an explanation of the chief technical features of refrigeration .
marketing manager of williams refrigeration limited , gives a brief guide to the [choice] of refrigerators , consideration of kitchen design and an explanation of the chief technical features of refrigeration .

However , it is worth taking the time to make a careful selection — after all , you could be living with your choice for 24 hours a day , 365 days a year , for the next 10 years .
however , it is worth taking the time to make a careful [choice] — after all , you could be living with your choice for 24 hours a day , 365 days a year , for the next 10 years .

It is , therefore , proven that a combi-steaner is not only an advantage in the commercial kitchen , but an essential ingredient designed and built to make the chef 's life easier and to realise dramatic savings so that it quickly pays for itself . However , when you decide to purchase one for yourself , here are a few Do 's and Don'ts to assist in your selection :
it is , therefore , proven that a combi-steaner is not only an advantage in the commercial kitchen , but an essential ingredient designed and built to make the chef 's life easier and to realise dramatic savings so that it quickly pays for itself . however , when you decide to purchase one for yourself , here are a few do 's and don'ts to assist in your [choice] :

Select the right sized unit for the numbers you cater for . There are many sizes and shapes available but the main rule of thumb guide to size selection is : 6 shelf 40-80 people 10 shelf 80-140 people 20 shelf approx 200 people 20 double shelf approx 400 people
select the right sized unit for the numbers you cater for . there are many sizes and shapes available but the main rule of thumb guide to size [choice] is : 6 shelf 40-80 people 10 shelf 80-140 people 20 shelf approx 200 people 20 double shelf approx 400 people

He also includes a guide to equipment selection , training and purchasing .
he also includes a guide to equipment [choice] , training and purchasing .

The influence of the `` diglossia `` paradigm is apparent in the `` reported pattern of dialect selection `` represented as a tree diagram in Sutcliffe ( 1982a : 148 ) .
the influence of the `` diglossia `` paradigm is apparent in the `` reported pattern of dialect [choice] `` represented as a tree diagram in sutcliffe ( 1982a : 148 ) .

However that may be , Cnut 's considerable generosity to Canterbury implies that he did have good relations with Æthelnoth , and this possibly made him the more determined to control the selection of his successor .
however that may be , cnut 's considerable generosity to canterbury implies that he did have good relations with æthelnoth , and this possibly made him the more determined to control the [choice] of his successor .

General SVQs are designed to assist selection of candidates for higher education and employment .
general svqs are designed to assist [choice] of candidates for higher education and employment .

The optional selection of the qualification has been structured into routes , one for each of the main science disciplines , biology , chemistry , and physics .
the optional [choice] of the qualification has been structured into routes , one for each of the main science disciplines , biology , chemistry , and physics .

They say their selection policies are robust — though the numbers can vary .
they say their [choice] policies are robust — though the numbers can vary .

Selection does not depend on simple presence or absence in the cohort , but on relative goodness of fit to the sensory input .
[choice] does not depend on simple presence or absence in the cohort , but on relative goodness of fit to the sensory input .

If , as this example suggests , partial word strings of more than two words are necessary to guarantee selection of the correct word-string , then the number of alternative partial word strings that has to be considered at any one time will increase correspondingly , particularly when words are hypothesized from a mid-class input .
if , as this example suggests , partial word strings of more than two words are necessary to guarantee [choice] of the correct word-string , then the number of alternative partial word strings that has to be considered at any one time will increase correspondingly , particularly when words are hypothesized from a mid-class input .

This database will be protected by copyright because it has required skill and judgment in the design of the structure of the database ( that is , number and type of fields and their lengths ) and in the selection of the information to be entered .
this database will be protected by copyright because it has required skill and judgment in the design of the structure of the database ( that is , number and type of fields and their lengths ) and in the [choice] of the information to be entered .

This would be similar in principle to the Cramp v Smythson [ 1944 ] case discussed earlier in this chapter in which copyright was denied to a simple diary because the commonplace nature of the information left little room for judgment in the selection and organization of the information .
this would be similar in principle to the cramp v smythson [ 1944 ] case discussed earlier in this chapter in which copyright was denied to a simple diary because the commonplace nature of the information left little room for judgment in the [choice] and organization of the information .

If a database is the result of a great deal of effort alone with little judgment in the design of the database or in the selection of material ( for example , a telephone directory stored in a computer database or a directory of postcodes ) it is debatable whether it will attract copyright protection .
if a database is the result of a great deal of effort alone with little judgment in the design of the database or in the [choice] of material ( for example , a telephone directory stored in a computer database or a directory of postcodes ) it is debatable whether it will attract copyright protection .

The Draft Directive provides for copyright protection for collections which , by reason of their selection or arrangement , constitute the author 's own intellectual creation ( similar to the German standard for copyright protection generally ) .
the draft directive provides for copyright protection for collections which , by reason of their [choice] or arrangement , constitute the author 's own intellectual creation ( similar to the german standard for copyright protection generally ) .

Even if a database contains pre-existing works , it can be considered to be a new work of copyright if it is the result of selection and judgment .
even if a database contains pre-existing works , it can be considered to be a new work of copyright if it is the result of [choice] and judgment .

Examples include : the automatic generation of weather forecasts by a computer communicating with satellites , the selection of lists of random numbers for a competition or for the Premium Bond draw , programs which produce artistic designs or music automatically , being based upon a set of rules built into the program , a program designed to simulate some particular environment , such as climate , monetary systems , battle scenarios , etc .
examples include : the automatic generation of weather forecasts by a computer communicating with satellites , the [choice] of lists of random numbers for a competition or for the premium bond draw , programs which produce artistic designs or music automatically , being based upon a set of rules built into the program , a program designed to simulate some particular environment , such as climate , monetary systems , battle scenarios , etc .

Rather than pursuing the discussion at an abstract level , it seems sensible to give here a brief synopsis of a selection of French fabliaux which can be regarded as highly typical of the genre , and which represent a range of subtypes within the genre : tales of sensual appetite or greed , adultery and fornication , sexual naivety and sexual fetishism ; a tale of robbers , the macabre joke of the corpse that apparently either can not or will not lie still , and a lavatorial tale of turds .
rather than pursuing the discussion at an abstract level , it seems sensible to give here a brief synopsis of a [choice] of french fabliaux which can be regarded as highly typical of the genre , and which represent a range of subtypes within the genre : tales of sensual appetite or greed , adultery and fornication , sexual naivety and sexual fetishism ; a tale of robbers , the macabre joke of the corpse that apparently either can not or will not lie still , and a lavatorial tale of turds .

Its introduction will greatly assist staff recruitment and selection for , in the long-term , all members of staff will have a log book which shows the skills they have acquired .
its introduction will greatly assist staff recruitment and [choice] for , in the long-term , all members of staff will have a log book which shows the skills they have acquired .

As members of one of the world 's elite fighting forces , they have to gain the coveted green beret and undergo the same rigorous selection and training exercises as all other Royal Marines .
as members of one of the world 's elite fighting forces , they have to gain the coveted green beret and undergo the same rigorous [choice] and training exercises as all other royal marines .

No formal qualifications required , although you will have to sit a selection test [ reasoning , English language , numeracy and mechanical comprehension ] .
no formal qualifications required , although you will have to sit a [choice] test [ reasoning , english language , numeracy and mechanical comprehension ] .

The Catering guild achieve their high standards and premium service through their commitment to recruitment selection and continued training .
the catering guild achieve their high standards and premium service through their commitment to recruitment [choice] and continued training .

Our growth over the years is in part due to the company 's commitment to recruitment selection and continued training , both in recessional times as well as in good .
our growth over the years is in part due to the company 's commitment to recruitment [choice] and continued training , both in recessional times as well as in good .

Even in the very early days of the company , we were aware of the importance of recruitment selection and training and we would not have been able to grow as successfully as we have without it ’ , says
even in the very early days of the company , we were aware of the importance of recruitment [choice] and training and we would not have been able to grow as successfully as we have without it ’ , says

McDonald 's takes enormous care in the selection of its management trainees .
mcdonald 's takes enormous care in the [choice] of its management trainees .

The Society presented her with a beautiful flower arrangement and she also received a selection of other gifts including a small tea service .
the society presented her with a beautiful flower arrangement and she also received a [choice] of other gifts including a small tea service .

The Society presented her with a beautiful flower arrangement and she also received a selection of other gifts including a small tea service .
the society presented her with a beautiful flower arrangement and she also received a [choice] of other gifts including a small tea service .

For a large scale public display an audition is probably the best method of selection , leaving interested performers free to offer themselves .
for a large scale public display an audition is probably the best method of [choice] , leaving interested performers free to offer themselves .

This would also raise important questions regarding the policies and practices of institutions with regard to : selecting students , and ensuring that the selection procedures are appropriate in identifying students with the potential for success ; ensuring that they are adequately prepared for their course of study , and providing assistance where necessary through appropriate pre-entry provision ; supporting students during the time that they are in the institution , including ensuring that approaches to teaching and learning are appropriate as well as providing the study skills and counselling support required .
this would also raise important questions regarding the policies and practices of institutions with regard to : selecting students , and ensuring that the [choice] procedures are appropriate in identifying students with the potential for success ; ensuring that they are adequately prepared for their course of study , and providing assistance where necessary through appropriate pre-entry provision ; supporting students during the time that they are in the institution , including ensuring that approaches to teaching and learning are appropriate as well as providing the study skills and counselling support required .

Among these are a wonderful selection of teas , including blackberry , bitter orange and mango in 25g tins at £1.45 , and herbs such as shallot flakes , harissa powder ( very hot peppers ) and mustard seed , all £1.50 .
among these are a wonderful [choice] of teas , including blackberry , bitter orange and mango in 25g tins at £1.45 , and herbs such as shallot flakes , harissa powder ( very hot peppers ) and mustard seed , all £1.50 .

Cadbury 's chocolate is a taste of sheer luxury . So chocs away to win a set of classic china , glass and cutlery , a chocolate goodies selection and a book of dreamy recipes
cadbury 's chocolate is a taste of sheer luxury . so chocs away to win a set of classic china , glass and cutlery , a chocolate goodies [choice] and a book of dreamy recipes

All prize winners will receive a copy of the new Cadbury cookery book The Taste of Chocolate and super selection of Cadbury confectionery .
all prize winners will receive a copy of the new cadbury cookery book the taste of chocolate and super [choice] of cadbury confectionery .

150 runners up will receive a copy of The Taste of Chocolate , a super selection of Cadbury confectionery and Cadbury 's Milk Tray chocolates .
150 runners up will receive a copy of the taste of chocolate , a super [choice] of cadbury confectionery and cadbury 's milk tray chocolates .

Serve hot with the watercress sauce and a good selection of steamed spring vegetables .
serve hot with the watercress sauce and a good [choice] of steamed spring vegetables .

Judy Goolden sees red with this selection .
judy goolden sees red with this [choice] .

Our aluminium selection is mainly suitable for sponge cakes .
our aluminium [choice] is mainly suitable for sponge cakes .

The writer has often pondered on the manner of their selection , and likes to feel that their skill carried more weight than their religious affiliations .
the writer has often pondered on the manner of their [choice] , and likes to feel that their skill carried more weight than their religious affiliations .

It might well be that upon their selection the Roman Catholics were appraised of the atmosphere in England and advised not to be too obvious in their worship , galling though that would have been to those proud and independent men .
it might well be that upon their [choice] the roman catholics were appraised of the atmosphere in england and advised not to be too obvious in their worship , galling though that would have been to those proud and independent men .

When the baglady enters the hushed cafeteria and threads steadily past the skewered tables , when the derelict stands and faces the oncoming crowds and arrives at his soft selection , we all know who they have in mind .
when the baglady enters the hushed cafeteria and threads steadily past the skewered tables , when the derelict stands and faces the oncoming crowds and arrives at his soft [choice] , we all know who they have in mind .

sliding selection chart
sliding [choice] chart

At the same time , criticisms which underlay le français fondamental have been made to illustrate the fact that such vocabulary selection , far from being all that linguists can contribute to the preparation of teaching materials , is still in a stage of development .
at the same time , criticisms which underlay le français fondamental have been made to illustrate the fact that such vocabulary [choice] , far from being all that linguists can contribute to the preparation of teaching materials , is still in a stage of development .

Two methods may have the same selection of structure , vocabulary and meaning , yet differ in the order in which they teach it .
two methods may have the same [choice] of structure , vocabulary and meaning , yet differ in the order in which they teach it .

They may have the same selection but a different gradation .
they may have the same [choice] but a different gradation .

Intonation carries meaning also through choices involving the dividing of an utterance into tone groups , one for each major information unit ; the selection of one foot within the tone group to carry the tonic or main pitch movement .
intonation carries meaning also through choices involving the dividing of an utterance into tone groups , one for each major information unit ; the [choice] of one foot within the tone group to carry the tonic or main pitch movement .

Hildreth goes further and discusses mechanisms in online catalogues to support browsing , such as features for term selection and result manipulation and displays .
hildreth goes further and discusses mechanisms in online catalogues to support browsing , such as features for term [choice] and result manipulation and displays .

All commands , or menu selections ( there is no clear distinction between command and selection ) were performed by a single keystroke .
all commands , or menu selections ( there is no clear distinction between command and [choice] ) were performed by a single keystroke .

Single digits and occasionally letters were also used for selection .
single digits and occasionally letters were also used for [choice] .

The experiment obtained data on user preferences and general assessments of the performance of the two catalogues on ease of use and learning , display formats , selection menu design and the ease and speed of navigation and browsing .
the experiment obtained data on user preferences and general assessments of the performance of the two catalogues on ease of use and learning , display formats , [choice] menu design and the ease and speed of navigation and browsing .

Selection menu design
[choice] menu design

In an ideal playground , there 'd be a good selection of equipment covering as wide an age range as possible .
in an ideal playground , there 'd be a good [choice] of equipment covering as wide an age range as possible .

Of course now it 's warm enough to start getting out in the garden , what could be better than to take a selection of water toys to play with in the paddling pool outside ? Even if you have n't a pool , a large bucket of water can be just as good if you have the right kind of toys .
of course now it 's warm enough to start getting out in the garden , what could be better than to take a [choice] of water toys to play with in the paddling pool outside ? even if you have n't a pool , a large bucket of water can be just as good if you have the right kind of toys .

So selection is the important basis for action : in making decisions , in choosing people , in reacting to events .
so [choice] is the important basis for action : in making decisions , in choosing people , in reacting to events .

Selection will be based on our priorities , on explicit criteria and fundamentally on our emotional reactions .
[choice] will be based on our priorities , on explicit criteria and fundamentally on our emotional reactions .

After a selection has been made it is a useful exercise to spell out — to oneself as much as to others — why that selection has been made .
after a [choice] has been made it is a useful exercise to spell out — to oneself as much as to others — why that [choice] has been made .

As suggested elsewhere , one of the problems with selection is giving up the attractive paths that are not being chosen .
as suggested elsewhere , one of the problems with [choice] is giving up the attractive paths that are not being chosen .

If selection is difficult then more attention should probably be paid to generating further alternatives which are more attractive or combine features .
if [choice] is difficult then more attention should probably be paid to generating further alternatives which are more attractive or combine features .

It is well to keep in mind that the purpose of selection is action : what comes next .
it is well to keep in mind that the purpose of [choice] is action : what comes next .

With the call for a larger pool of officers to man the cutters grew the need for a more organised method of crew selection and the Cutter Manning conference was inaugurated .
with the call for a larger pool of officers to man the cutters grew the need for a more organised method of crew [choice] and the cutter manning conference was inaugurated .

Reg Clarke , our cutter Principal , was actively involved in the final selection of the Fairey Marine Tracker patrol vessel which was built exclusively by Fairey 's in their workshops at Hamble and Cowes .
reg clarke , our cutter principal , was actively involved in the final [choice] of the fairey marine tracker patrol vessel which was built exclusively by fairey 's in their workshops at hamble and cowes .

When Blanche 's trunk has arrived Stanley looks through it to try to prove to Stella that Blanche has sold Belle Reve and bought herself pearls and diamonds and a huge selection of clothes .
when blanche 's trunk has arrived stanley looks through it to try to prove to stella that blanche has sold belle reve and bought herself pearls and diamonds and a huge [choice] of clothes .

There is a wonderful misery that pervades Tennyson 's poetry which enables him to create an amazing selection of emotions .
there is a wonderful misery that pervades tennyson 's poetry which enables him to create an amazing [choice] of emotions .

At the weekend the Stall offers for sale the usual selection of Catholic newspapers and Catholic Truth Society publications , rosary beads and medals , prayer cards and candles .
at the weekend the stall offers for sale the usual [choice] of catholic newspapers and catholic truth society publications , rosary beads and medals , prayer cards and candles .

For the rest of the week it is given over to a different selection : good second-hand clothes , useful but redundant household articles , outgrown children 's toys plus almost anything that someone no longer needs and someone else might use .
for the rest of the week it is given over to a different [choice] : good second-hand clothes , useful but redundant household articles , outgrown children 's toys plus almost anything that someone no longer needs and someone else might use .

Of the 146 patients referred for endoscopic treatment of choledocholithiasis the overall success rate for clearing the common bile duct stones was 72.6% which is somewhat lower than other reported series but might reflect the selection of patients to a specialised centre .
of the 146 patients referred for endoscopic treatment of choledocholithiasis the overall success rate for clearing the common bile duct stones was 72.6% which is somewhat lower than other reported series but might reflect the [choice] of patients to a specialised centre .

Ethical considerations and volunteer selection
ethical considerations and volunteer [choice]

This could imply that individuals with portal hypertension are protected against these degenerative vascular disorders but the possibility of a selection bias against referring patients with bleeding varices who have multiple non-hepatic pathologies can not be excluded .
this could imply that individuals with portal hypertension are protected against these degenerative vascular disorders but the possibility of a [choice] bias against referring patients with bleeding varices who have multiple non-hepatic pathologies can not be excluded .

Patient selection , therefore , affected their rate of positive diagnosis , which was only 14 % compared with 50.7 % in our study .
patient [choice] , therefore , affected their rate of positive diagnosis , which was only 14 % compared with 50.7 % in our study .

The only way in which these late pouch excisions are likely to be minimised is by greater care in patient selection , particularly the identification of Crohn 's disease .
the only way in which these late pouch excisions are likely to be minimised is by greater care in patient [choice] , particularly the identification of crohn 's disease .

The use of this score is recommended for the selection of patients with high early mortality after variceal bleeding despite sclerotherapy , and for the design of new therapeutic trials .
the use of this score is recommended for the [choice] of patients with high early mortality after variceal bleeding despite sclerotherapy , and for the design of new therapeutic trials .

Studies assessing the value of various risk factors and scoring systems in patients with acute variceal haemorrhage are important as they may offer a useful mean of selection for entry into clinica trials or they may identify a group of patients with a very high mortality .
studies assessing the value of various risk factors and scoring systems in patients with acute variceal haemorrhage are important as they may offer a useful mean of [choice] for entry into clinica trials or they may identify a group of patients with a very high mortality .

To analyse whether the response rate was related to treatment modification or selection of patients , the actual response was compared with a predicted response that was obtained with a response model developed by Brook et al .
to analyse whether the response rate was related to treatment modification or [choice] of patients , the actual response was compared with a predicted response that was obtained with a response model developed by brook et al .

This result suggests that the high response rate was not caused by selection of patients likely to respond but by the treatment modification .
this result suggests that the high response rate was not caused by [choice] of patients likely to respond but by the treatment modification .

Differences in patient selection , faecal collection , and conflicting results .
differences in patient [choice] , faecal collection , and conflicting results .

Again differences in analytical techniques , patient selection , and other variables makes the interpretation of some of these studies difficult .
again differences in analytical techniques , patient [choice] , and other variables makes the interpretation of some of these studies difficult .

The presence or absence of reflux symptoms was not used as a selection criterion for asthmatics .
the presence or absence of reflux symptoms was not used as a [choice] criterion for asthmatics .

The design of the study was based on firm methodology : ( 1 ) the asthma was well defined and well documented ; ( 2 ) the selection pattern included only asthmatics whose primary complaint was asthma ; ( 3 ) all consenting asthmatics were studied ; and ( 4 ) all endoscopies were performed by two endoscopists using the same predefined criteria .
the design of the study was based on firm methodology : ( 1 ) the asthma was well defined and well documented ; ( 2 ) the [choice] pattern included only asthmatics whose primary complaint was asthma ; ( 3 ) all consenting asthmatics were studied ; and ( 4 ) all endoscopies were performed by two endoscopists using the same predefined criteria .

Such limitations are referred to as patient selection bias , spectrum bias , and observer ( signal detection ) bias , respectively .
such limitations are referred to as patient [choice] bias , spectrum bias , and observer ( signal detection ) bias , respectively .

Firstly , patient selection bias would have affected the results if we ‘ picked and chose ’ ( either consciously or unconsciously ) which patients were to receive endoscopic examination .
firstly , patient [choice] bias would have affected the results if we ‘ picked and chose ’ ( either consciously or unconsciously ) which patients were to receive endoscopic examination .

If asthmatics with reflux were somehow more readily influenced to have endoscopy than asthmatics without reflux , our results would apply only to a selected group of asthmatics , and selection bias would be present .
if asthmatics with reflux were somehow more readily influenced to have endoscopy than asthmatics without reflux , our results would apply only to a selected group of asthmatics , and [choice] bias would be present .

We suggest that since 94 % of the asthmatics consented to endoscopy , selection bias was unlikely to be a major factor in biasing our results .
we suggest that since 94 % of the asthmatics consented to endoscopy , [choice] bias was unlikely to be a major factor in biasing our results .

This is thought to reflect a selection bias .
this is thought to reflect a [choice] bias .

The incidence of Dieulafoy 's lesions among patients with acute upper gastrointestinal bleeding varies from 0.5 % to 14 % , mainly depending upon selection criteria .
the incidence of dieulafoy 's lesions among patients with acute upper gastrointestinal bleeding varies from 0.5 % to 14 % , mainly depending upon [choice] criteria .

The exclusion criteria for the selection of controls were constipation or other gastrointestinal problems .
the exclusion criteria for the [choice] of controls were constipation or other gastrointestinal problems .

It will set out recommended procedures for equal opportunities practice in the selection of pupils and tenants for chambers .
it will set out recommended procedures for equal opportunities practice in the [choice] of pupils and tenants for chambers .

For instance , there will be sections on good interview procedure , objective selection criteria , lines of questioning to avoid etc .
for instance , there will be sections on good interview procedure , objective [choice] criteria , lines of questioning to avoid etc .

Her sisters under the skin would man the constituency selection committees .
her sisters under the skin would man the constituency [choice] committees .

His advice as to her speech before a selection committee ( ‘ Take my tip , Ama , ’ he had said , ‘ three parts to a good speech .
his advice as to her speech before a [choice] committee ( ‘ take my tip , ama , ’ he had said , ‘ three parts to a good speech .

He knew only too well that he had something that Amaranth wanted very badly indeed access to the Arden candidate 's selection committee .
he knew only too well that he had something that amaranth wanted very badly indeed access to the arden candidate 's [choice] committee .

Investors are rational price takers who make their selection of wealth-producing assets using risks ( standard deviation of expected returns ) and the expected returns .
investors are rational price takers who make their [choice] of wealth-producing assets using risks ( standard deviation of expected returns ) and the expected returns .

These calculations can be easily set up on a computer spreadsheet and variations may be performed to determine the best-looking selection according to the investor 's risk-return preferences . For example , the above portfolio was re-evaluated using equal weightings instead of capitalization-based weightings and the following results were obtained :
these calculations can be easily set up on a computer spreadsheet and variations may be performed to determine the best-looking [choice] according to the investor 's risk-return preferences . for example , the above portfolio was re-evaluated using equal weightings instead of capitalization-based weightings and the following results were obtained :

The coefficient of diversification used in the above analysis reintroduces the concept of security selection for portfolios . Two of the most important implications of the Markowitz analysis and the Tobin-Markowitz model presented in Chapter 4 were that :
the coefficient of diversification used in the above analysis reintroduces the concept of security [choice] for portfolios . two of the most important implications of the markowitz analysis and the tobin-markowitz model presented in chapter 4 were that :

However , given the practical difficulties of identifying the risk free asset and identifying the market portfolio with the existence of brokerage and taxation , security selection and portfolio construction remains important .
however , given the practical difficulties of identifying the risk free asset and identifying the market portfolio with the existence of brokerage and taxation , security [choice] and portfolio construction remains important .

In a study by Evans and Archer it was shown that random selection of securities would eliminate most of the non-market risk once the number of securities in the portfolio had reached 10–15 shares .
in a study by evans and archer it was shown that random [choice] of securities would eliminate most of the non-market risk once the number of securities in the portfolio had reached 10–15 shares .

The performance ranking of a selection of unit trusts is shown in Table 6.8 .
the performance ranking of a [choice] of unit trusts is shown in table 6.8 .

Furthermore , it is logical that models which can yield an investment strategy capable of beating a process of random selection and ‘ buy-and-hold ’ would not be published until they ceased to be profitable for their creators .
furthermore , it is logical that models which can yield an investment strategy capable of beating a process of random [choice] and ‘ buy-and-hold ’ would not be published until they ceased to be profitable for their creators .

4 Project Selection
4 project [choice]

To establish the merit of project proposals without overlooking any significant factor , it is highly desirable to have a selection system that is applied to all cases .
to establish the merit of project proposals without overlooking any significant factor , it is highly desirable to have a [choice] system that is applied to all cases .

These were followed or interspersed by a windswept Starmer-Smith standing on the touchline , microphone in hand , sporting a selection from his extensive wardrobe of scarves and neckties , and promising delights which were sure to come next week but which had unaccountably failed to materialise this week .
these were followed or interspersed by a windswept starmer-smith standing on the touchline , microphone in hand , sporting a [choice] from his extensive wardrobe of scarves and neckties , and promising delights which were sure to come next week but which had unaccountably failed to materialise this week .

The salty , fishy odour of baccala ( dried salt cod ) hits you at the door , and there is a good selection of Spanish pork products , not forgetting chorizo sausage and serrano ham .
the salty , fishy odour of baccala ( dried salt cod ) hits you at the door , and there is a good [choice] of spanish pork products , not forgetting chorizo sausage and serrano ham .

Alan Bates 's Muse Of Fire , for example , could have been compiled by a computer : its selection of all the biggest blazes in world literature lacks any sense of dramatic propulsion , a shapeless cabaret-set without music .
alan bates 's muse of fire , for example , could have been compiled by a computer : its [choice] of all the biggest blazes in world literature lacks any sense of dramatic propulsion , a shapeless cabaret-set without music .

The two wingers were , in the manager 's words , ‘ brilliant against Poland at Wembley ’ , but tactical considerations had already precluded their selection in tandem next week .
the two wingers were , in the manager 's words , ‘ brilliant against poland at wembley ’ , but tactical considerations had already precluded their [choice] in tandem next week .

The Conservative parliamentary selection board meets three or four times a year .
the conservative parliamentary [choice] board meets three or four times a year .

One qualification is that some evolutionary changes occur by chance , without natural selection .
one qualification is that some evolutionary changes occur by chance , without natural [choice] .

Another concerns the way in which selection acts , and in particular the target of selection : should we think of genes , or organisms , or populations , as being the entities which survive and reproduce , and upon which selection acts ?
another concerns the way in which [choice] acts , and in particular the target of [choice] : should we think of genes , or organisms , or populations , as being the entities which survive and reproduce , and upon which [choice] acts ?

Faced with these possibilities , we have to think very carefully about the ways in which natural selection acts .
faced with these possibilities , we have to think very carefully about the ways in which natural [choice] acts .

Since , other things being equal , natural selection favours those types which reproduce most rapidly , there are real difficulties in giving a selective explanation for the widespread occurrence of sexual fusion .
since , other things being equal , natural [choice] favours those types which reproduce most rapidly , there are real difficulties in giving a selective explanation for the widespread occurrence of sexual fusion .

Thus we are still using the Darwinian model of evolution by natural selection , but the entities to which we are applying it are populations , or species , and not individuals as in most applications of the idea .
thus we are still using the darwinian model of evolution by natural [choice] , but the entities to which we are applying it are populations , or species , and not individuals as in most applications of the idea .

It is natural that people should question the theory of evolution by natural selection .
it is natural that people should question the theory of evolution by natural [choice] .

No one wants to think that they are the product of blind chance and mindless selection .
no one wants to think that they are the product of blind chance and mindless [choice] .

Therefore , even if some particular sequence is the best possible protein for some particular function , and would be favoured by natural selection if once it arose , it could never arise in the first place merely by chance .
therefore , even if some particular sequence is the best possible protein for some particular function , and would be favoured by natural [choice] if once it arose , it could never arise in the first place merely by chance .

It follows that some process other than random mutation and selection must be involved .
it follows that some process other than random mutation and [choice] must be involved .

If evolution by natural selection is to lead from some random sequence to one unique optimal sequence , there must be a series of intermediate sequences , between the random and the optimal , each being a slight improvement on the one before , the steps from one sequence to the next being a change in one amino acid , or at most of two or three amino acids .
if evolution by natural [choice] is to lead from some random sequence to one unique optimal sequence , there must be a series of intermediate sequences , between the random and the optimal , each being a slight improvement on the one before , the steps from one sequence to the next being a change in one amino acid , or at most of two or three amino acids .

If this is so , then the random sequence can evolve into the optimal one in as few as 100 steps , each step being driven by natural selection .
if this is so , then the random sequence can evolve into the optimal one in as few as 100 steps , each step being driven by natural [choice] .

How long would it take for selection to specify 10 8 base pairs ?
how long would it take for [choice] to specify 10 8 base pairs ?

Kimura has always accepted that morphological evolution is adaptive , and brought about by selection as Darwin proposed .
kimura has always accepted that morphological evolution is adaptive , and brought about by [choice] as darwin proposed .

More important , if a trait is advantageous to an individual , it will become fixed in the species by selection , even if it is harmful to the long-term prospects of the species .
more important , if a trait is advantageous to an individual , it will become fixed in the species by [choice] , even if it is harmful to the long-term prospects of the species .

’ Since there is no necessary chemical connection between the substances which bind to allosteric proteins , and the chemical reactions those proteins catalyse , it follows that the results of metabolism , although fully interpretable by the laws of chemistry , are not dictated by those laws , but by the physiological needs of the organism , and ultimately by natural selection .
’ since there is no necessary chemical connection between the substances which bind to allosteric proteins , and the chemical reactions those proteins catalyse , it follows that the results of metabolism , although fully interpretable by the laws of chemistry , are not dictated by those laws , but by the physiological needs of the organism , and ultimately by natural [choice] .

It is understandable , in terms of natural selection , that an animal whose natural habitat is the underside of stones should congregate in the dark : but bow do they do it ?
it is understandable , in terms of natural [choice] , that an animal whose natural habitat is the underside of stones should congregate in the dark : but bow do they do it ?

There is an obvious analogy between operant conditioning and evolution by natural selection .
there is an obvious analogy between operant conditioning and evolution by natural [choice] .

Behaviour becomes adapted to the environment by the reinforcement of spontaneous acts , just as morphological structure is adapted by the natural selection of spontaneous mutations .
behaviour becomes adapted to the environment by the reinforcement of spontaneous acts , just as morphological structure is adapted by the natural [choice] of spontaneous mutations .

Food is reinforcing , and injury aversive , because past natural selection has favoured animals in which this was so .
food is reinforcing , and injury aversive , because past natural [choice] has favoured animals in which this was so .

And at 6.15 Miss Danziger entered the drawing-room , where at least eighteen of the guests were gathered drinking tea and eating from a selection of Danish pastries and pies , and talking with unusual excitement .
and at 6.15 miss danziger entered the drawing-room , where at least eighteen of the guests were gathered drinking tea and eating from a [choice] of danish pastries and pies , and talking with unusual excitement .

The selection of elements below is quite revealing .
the [choice] of elements below is quite revealing .

This selection of elements also reveals the increase in atomic weight over atomic number .
this [choice] of elements also reveals the increase in atomic weight over atomic number .

These conditions can be extended into all aspects of human communication and design , even including the design and selection of type faces .
these conditions can be extended into all aspects of human communication and design , even including the design and [choice] of type faces .

Selection , abstraction and hierarchy are of its essence : and these to be reordered , grouped and juxtaposed to maximum effect .
[choice] , abstraction and hierarchy are of its essence : and these to be reordered , grouped and juxtaposed to maximum effect .

By the random selection of single items , they drew attention to the multitude of peripheral experiences that form the texture of life itself .
by the random [choice] of single items , they drew attention to the multitude of peripheral experiences that form the texture of life itself .

However certain basic principles have emerged and a selection from these are discussed .
however certain basic principles have emerged and a [choice] from these are discussed .

Such intimacy requires careful selection of a detail that is representative of the whole .
such intimacy requires careful [choice] of a detail that is representative of the whole .

With the selection of some anti-O'Neill candidates in the 1970 Stormont elections and the Westminster elections of the same year , the conservatives sensed that they could win back the Unionist Party machine .
with the [choice] of some anti-o'neill candidates in the 1970 stormont elections and the westminster elections of the same year , the conservatives sensed that they could win back the unionist party machine .

We 'll be talking about the important practical details you have to grapple with when making your selection , but the first and last point is always the overall view of the project and objectives .
we 'll be talking about the important practical details you have to grapple with when making your [choice] , but the first and last point is always the overall view of the project and objectives .

’ Other soldiers sent letters with similar sentiments direct to the Stümer , which , with its circulation during the war estimated at still over 300,000 , continued as before to publish a selection of the most repulsively anti Jewish readers ' letters .
’ other soldiers sent letters with similar sentiments direct to the stümer , which , with its circulation during the war estimated at still over 300,000 , continued as before to publish a [choice] of the most repulsively anti jewish readers ' letters .

You can imagine the intrigue , the excitement and gossip that would accompany the selection of a king !
you can imagine the intrigue , the excitement and gossip that would accompany the [choice] of a king !

His selection , the last spasm of the grouse-moor class , provoked feelings of extraordinary vehemence both among the growing band of young meritocrats within the party and many outside , among them Sammy Finer , then a professor of politics at Keele University .
his [choice] , the last spasm of the grouse-moor class , provoked feelings of extraordinary vehemence both among the growing band of young meritocrats within the party and many outside , among them sammy finer , then a professor of politics at keele university .

The selection procedure the forty-six weekenders were undergoing was devised in 1980 to recognize talent , wherever it came from .
the [choice] procedure the forty-six weekenders were undergoing was devised in 1980 to recognize talent , wherever it came from .

Somerville 's procedure subjects would-be MPs to argument , interview , drafting tests and debate , and has some similarities with the selection tests for the Foreign Office or civil service : where the Foreign Office once had a country house , the Conservative party has a motel .
somerville 's procedure subjects would-be mps to argument , interview , drafting tests and debate , and has some similarities with the [choice] tests for the foreign office or civil service : where the foreign office once had a country house , the conservative party has a motel .

The Conservative selection board was designed to bring the candidates ' list into the latter half of the twentieth century by including more industrialists , more women , more representatives of ethnic minorities , and reducing the number of barristers looking for a congenial second career .
the conservative [choice] board was designed to bring the candidates ' list into the latter half of the twentieth century by including more industrialists , more women , more representatives of ethnic minorities , and reducing the number of barristers looking for a congenial second career .

The suburban southern venue for the selection board is more than just convenient ( a sortie into Lancashire was abandoned after the second session ) , it is a metaphor for the new style of the party .
the suburban southern venue for the [choice] board is more than just convenient ( a sortie into lancashire was abandoned after the second session ) , it is a metaphor for the new style of the party .

The selection process is not unlike that for a giant multinational corporation , and those who win through have some similarities to corporate executives .
the [choice] process is not unlike that for a giant multinational corporation , and those who win through have some similarities to corporate executives .

Even those who have long since abandoned hope of winning Downing Street 's favour have increasingly won their places after passing through a selection process which prevents the eccentric and the too-individualistic getting a look-in .
even those who have long since abandoned hope of winning downing street 's favour have increasingly won their places after passing through a [choice] process which prevents the eccentric and the too-individualistic getting a look-in .

Because MPs enjoy such low status , because the work is so poorly paid , because the upper classes have largely abandoned ideas of ‘ service ’ , and because the selection process has killed off the old boy network , there is less and less interest in politics in the Conservatives ' traditional reservoir of support .
because mps enjoy such low status , because the work is so poorly paid , because the upper classes have largely abandoned ideas of ‘ service ’ , and because the [choice] process has killed off the old boy network , there is less and less interest in politics in the conservatives ' traditional reservoir of support .

In the case of immigration , a rare insight into the selection of the Great and Good occurred in January 1986 , when , under the thirty year rule , government documents of the mid-fifties were declassified .
in the case of immigration , a rare insight into the [choice] of the great and good occurred in january 1986 , when , under the thirty year rule , government documents of the mid-fifties were declassified .

Unlike other university appointments , which are made by faculty boards or governing bodies on the basis of academic achievement , there is no formal selection process , and no open competition for regius professorships .
unlike other university appointments , which are made by faculty boards or governing bodies on the basis of academic achievement , there is no formal [choice] process , and no open competition for regius professorships .

Some are expected to apply for permission to reintroduce selection , joining the 150 grammar schools reprieved by Labour 's defeat .
some are expected to apply for permission to reintroduce [choice] , joining the 150 grammar schools reprieved by labour 's defeat .

Mr Bob Williams , another of the original ‘ gang of eight ’ who opposed his selection , said : ‘ John Taylor is a good candidate but not for Cheltenham .
mr bob williams , another of the original ‘ gang of eight ’ who opposed his [choice] , said : ‘ john taylor is a good candidate but not for cheltenham .

The British contingent is based on the 145 members of 24 Field Ambulance , from Catterick , North Yorkshire , who will take with them 18 ambulances , 62 other vehicles and a selection of mechanics , communications , logistics and headquarters personnel .
the british contingent is based on the 145 members of 24 field ambulance , from catterick , north yorkshire , who will take with them 18 ambulances , 62 other vehicles and a [choice] of mechanics , communications , logistics and headquarters personnel .

Having ensured that a sterile first half ended goalless by making a tremendous reaction save to thwart Olney , Grobbelaar , who has been walking a selection tightrope all season , then allowed a far from ferocious low shot by Daley at the end of a thrilling 50-yard burst to slip under him and into the net .
having ensured that a sterile first half ended goalless by making a tremendous reaction save to thwart olney , grobbelaar , who has been walking a [choice] tightrope all season , then allowed a far from ferocious low shot by daley at the end of a thrilling 50-yard burst to slip under him and into the net .

Olympic selection was settled in two classes .
olympic [choice] was settled in two classes .

The selection of Bunce , who had a place in The Daily Telegraph 's World Cup team of the tournament , will cause ripples at the International Board 's meeting which ends in Wellington today .
the [choice] of bunce , who had a place in the daily telegraph 's world cup team of the tournament , will cause ripples at the international board 's meeting which ends in wellington today .

It is the qualification rules — the lack of them , that is — that are at fault and New Zealand are no worse than several other countries , including the Home Unions , in allowing , in the absence of directives , expediency to govern selection .
it is the qualification rules — the lack of them , that is — that are at fault and new zealand are no worse than several other countries , including the home unions , in allowing , in the absence of directives , expediency to govern [choice] .

The defeat of Redgrave and Pinsent is unlikely to prevent their selection for the Olympic coxless pairs and it could prove to have been a useful warning to the world champions to raise their performance for Cologne in two weeks ' time , when all the potential Olympic crews will have their first try-out .
the defeat of redgrave and pinsent is unlikely to prevent their [choice] for the olympic coxless pairs and it could prove to have been a useful warning to the world champions to raise their performance for cologne in two weeks ' time , when all the potential olympic crews will have their first try-out .

Robin Smith does not regard himself as an automatic selection for this summer 's campaign against Pakistan , despite winning the Cornhill player of the year award .
robin smith does not regard himself as an automatic [choice] for this summer 's campaign against pakistan , despite winning the cornhill player of the year award .

If he plays in all five Pakistan Tests , he will be one short of 100 appearances for England , and that includes three years in the middle of his career when he was banned from selection for involvement in a rebel tour of South Africa .
if he plays in all five pakistan tests , he will be one short of 100 appearances for england , and that includes three years in the middle of his career when he was banned from [choice] for involvement in a rebel tour of south africa .

Haldane also saw that there must be evolutionary conflicts between different levels of selection , that what was good for the individual might not be good for the species , what was good for a male might not be good for a female , and , above all , what was good for a gene might not be good for an individual .
haldane also saw that there must be evolutionary conflicts between different levels of [choice] , that what was good for the individual might not be good for the species , what was good for a male might not be good for a female , and , above all , what was good for a gene might not be good for an individual .

Furthermore , for the man in a hurry , they will put together a special selection and take it to his home or office .
furthermore , for the man in a hurry , they will put together a special [choice] and take it to his home or office .

In an authoritative report prepared in 1985 for Greenpeace , Simon Northridge of the Marine Resources Assessment Group of Imperial College , London , and Professor Georg Pilleri , a respected dolphin expert , identified a lengthy list of incidental catches of dolphins and porpoises in gill-nets , of which the following are only a selection .
in an authoritative report prepared in 1985 for greenpeace , simon northridge of the marine resources assessment group of imperial college , london , and professor georg pilleri , a respected dolphin expert , identified a lengthy list of incidental catches of dolphins and porpoises in gill-nets , of which the following are only a [choice] .

Mr Wickens would not dream of handing selection or filtering to anyone else , whether the union or a local government .
mr wickens would not dream of handing [choice] or filtering to anyone else , whether the union or a local government .

Here are two ideas to complement your own selection of salami and sausages .
here are two ideas to complement your own [choice] of salami and sausages .

The following selection of sauces are all quick to prepare .
the following [choice] of sauces are all quick to prepare .

Delicatessens stock an interesting selection of canned fish and they will always stock smoked salmon .
delicatessens stock an interesting [choice] of canned fish and they will always stock smoked salmon .

He also made sure that all players were kept informed of decisions about team selection , which had not always happened before .
he also made sure that all players were kept informed of decisions about team [choice] , which had not always happened before .

The gilt-edged selection from Tennyson into which he dipped , before reading him more extensively ( around his fifteenth year ) , belonged to his mother .
the gilt-edged [choice] from tennyson into which he dipped , before reading him more extensively ( around his fifteenth year ) , belonged to his mother .

The notion of quotas has angered the Central Council for Jews in Germany , whose chairman , Heinz Galinski , has said that this would represent a sinister form of selection .
the notion of quotas has angered the central council for jews in germany , whose chairman , heinz galinski , has said that this would represent a sinister form of [choice] .

And dangerous for the goat : a myotonic goat picking himself up from his umpteenth collapse of the day might wonder why natural selection had not taken its course long ago and dispensed with his unhappy breed .
and dangerous for the goat : a myotonic goat picking himself up from his umpteenth collapse of the day might wonder why natural [choice] had not taken its course long ago and dispensed with his unhappy breed .

Although the small sample size and bias in selection limits the predictive power of some of these measures , it demonstrates that there are real differences that distinguish companies that are suited for high temporary debt from those that are not .
although the small sample size and bias in [choice] limits the predictive power of some of these measures , it demonstrates that there are real differences that distinguish companies that are suited for high temporary debt from those that are not .

On the mid-price Archiv Galleria label-an invaluable source of excellent baroque material-DG has issued a selection from Simon Preston 's splendid collection with the Christ Church Cathedral Choir and Trevor Pinnock 's English Concert of Purcell 's Anglican church music .
on the mid-price archiv galleria label-an invaluable source of excellent baroque material-dg has issued a [choice] from simon preston 's splendid collection with the christ church cathedral choir and trevor pinnock 's english concert of purcell 's anglican church music .

Even the small selection in The Penguin Modern Painters shows how much the role suited him , with his objectivity of vision and his sheer efficiency of technique .
even the small [choice] in the penguin modern painters shows how much the role suited him , with his objectivity of vision and his sheer efficiency of technique .

His team , World Cup finalists and dotted with household idols , were taken to the cleaners by a bunch of Australian students and farmers in the first Test , and the second Test at Lille promises to be not only a trial of Fouroux 's incumbency as coach but also his tactical shrewdness in selection .
his team , world cup finalists and dotted with household idols , were taken to the cleaners by a bunch of australian students and farmers in the first test , and the second test at lille promises to be not only a trial of fouroux 's incumbency as coach but also his tactical shrewdness in [choice] .

Brendan Nasser and David Carter are well capable of disrupting French attempts at fluidity , but France 's problem is possession and if Lorieux , Devergie and Erbani ( a back-row man at lock ) can not provide authority , then Lynagh will surely punish Fouroux 's selection at full-back of France 's most capped centre , Philippe Sella .
brendan nasser and david carter are well capable of disrupting french attempts at fluidity , but france 's problem is possession and if lorieux , devergie and erbani ( a back-row man at lock ) can not provide authority , then lynagh will surely punish fouroux 's [choice] at full-back of france 's most capped centre , philippe sella .

There is more than a hint of desperation in this unlikely selection .
there is more than a hint of desperation in this unlikely [choice] .

The selection still has to be approved by the next full meeting of the constituency association but the chairwomen , Ms Anne Peck , said last night that this appeared to be a formality .
the [choice] still has to be approved by the next full meeting of the constituency association but the chairwomen , ms anne peck , said last night that this appeared to be a formality .

Last night six names went forward for next month 's selection contest caused by the decision of Mr Ted Leadbitter to retire after 25 years .
last night six names went forward for next month 's [choice] contest caused by the decision of mr ted leadbitter to retire after 25 years .

Mr Jones has criticised Mr Mandelson for announcing his candidature in a newspaper article and said that the spirit of the party 's selection code , which says the media should not be used to promote a candidate , may have been broken .
mr jones has criticised mr mandelson for announcing his candidature in a newspaper article and said that the spirit of the party 's [choice] code , which says the media should not be used to promote a candidate , may have been broken .

Rondar 's 370 , designed by Stephen Jones specifically for the competition , was one of the two boats that made the final selection .
rondar 's 370 , designed by stephen jones specifically for the competition , was one of the two boats that made the final [choice] .

Yesterday 's many developments — including the confirmation of Scudamore 's booking and the likelihood of drying ground — have prompted Coral 's to cut Docklands Express , my selection , to 8–1 from 11–1 and he is their new favourite .
yesterday 's many developments — including the confirmation of scudamore 's booking and the likelihood of drying ground — have prompted coral 's to cut docklands express , my [choice] , to 8–1 from 11–1 and he is their new favourite .

Parents : What use is a man about the house ? Helen Bullock 's article on dads who are unable to cope has attracted many readers ' letters . Here is a selection
parents : what use is a man about the house ? helen bullock 's article on dads who are unable to cope has attracted many readers ' letters . here is a [choice]

Clare was let off the residential weekend which is a normal part of the selection process and was taken on the strength of her interview and written application .
clare was let off the residential weekend which is a normal part of the [choice] process and was taken on the strength of her interview and written application .

Labour 's Kate Phillips , a 45-year-old freelance adviser to Third World aid agencies , who has used the year since her selection to raise her profile locally , is in tigerish mood .
labour 's kate phillips , a 45-year-old freelance adviser to third world aid agencies , who has used the year since her [choice] to raise her profile locally , is in tigerish mood .

The 10 Selection shares are all robust concerns , nine out of 10 ( the exception being Scottish Hydro-Electric ) deriving large chunks of their earnings abroad .
the 10 [choice] shares are all robust concerns , nine out of 10 ( the exception being scottish hydro-electric ) deriving large chunks of their earnings abroad .

The earlier ammonoids had gently wavy sutures , and many of the Mesozoic ones had sutures almost incredibly folded and contorted , so it looks as if natural selection were generally favouring increase in the elaboration of the folds .
the earlier ammonoids had gently wavy sutures , and many of the mesozoic ones had sutures almost incredibly folded and contorted , so it looks as if natural [choice] were generally favouring increase in the elaboration of the folds .

Drago/Geminis buffet-style restaurant ; Maravilla restaurant ; Don Giovanni à la carte restaurant ; selection of restaurants nearby .
drago/geminis buffet-style restaurant ; maravilla restaurant ; don giovanni à la carte restaurant ; [choice] of restaurants nearby .

Often called the ‘ Tunisian St Tropez ’ , this beautiful garden village houses a marina of sleek yachts , a selection of sophisticated waterfront boutiques and restaurants , and a superb 18-hole championship golf course .
often called the ‘ tunisian st tropez ’ , this beautiful garden village houses a marina of sleek yachts , a [choice] of sophisticated waterfront boutiques and restaurants , and a superb 18-hole championship golf course .

Named after its Byzantine church , this former fishing village is now the island 's most attractive and chic resort , with good shopping and a varied selection of restaurants and characteristic tavernas .
named after its byzantine church , this former fishing village is now the island 's most attractive and chic resort , with good shopping and a varied [choice] of restaurants and characteristic tavernas .

Walking : Both Lauterbrunnen and Murren have a wide selection of varied walks to choose from , all well signposted and ranging from gentle rambles to more strenuous hikes .
walking : both lauterbrunnen and murren have a wide [choice] of varied walks to choose from , all well signposted and ranging from gentle rambles to more strenuous hikes .

For the young and young at heart , nightlife can be very lively with a selection of restaurants and bars to choose from .
for the young and young at heart , nightlife can be very lively with a [choice] of restaurants and bars to choose from .

The resort is formed on a large bay , with a lakeside promenade which has a good selection of pavement cafes and bars .
the resort is formed on a large bay , with a lakeside promenade which has a good [choice] of pavement cafes and bars .

Sports facilities : these vary from resort to resort , but include a selection of tennis , mini-golf , walking , mountain-bike and pedalo hire .
sports facilities : these vary from resort to resort , but include a [choice] of tennis , mini-golf , walking , mountain-bike and pedalo hire .

Excursions : There is an excellent selection of value for money excursions , bookable locally including trips to the world famous cities of Verona , Venice and Florence .
excursions : there is an excellent [choice] of value for money excursions , bookable locally including trips to the world famous cities of verona , venice and florence .

Situated only 60 metres from the International Drive resort centre , the Famous Host International is only a few minutes walk from a great selection of restaurants , bars , and general hub that Orlando has to offer .
situated only 60 metres from the international drive resort centre , the famous host international is only a few minutes walk from a great [choice] of restaurants , bars , and general hub that orlando has to offer .

However , Lanzarote 's swinging , lively nightlife is not to be missed and there 's a good selection of restaurants within five minutes , and a lovely bar terrace can be found right next door in Cinco 's Plaza .
however , lanzarote 's swinging , lively nightlife is not to be missed and there 's a good [choice] of restaurants within five minutes , and a lovely bar terrace can be found right next door in cinco 's plaza .

Although do n't forget that , as usual , your Clubrep will also have a great selection of Club entertainment including a barbecue , the Reps ' Cabaret and a trip to Spain .
although do n't forget that , as usual , your clubrep will also have a great [choice] of club entertainment including a barbecue , the reps ' cabaret and a trip to spain .

The campsite also has a selection of shops on site including a supermarket , launderette , bureau de change and weekly flea market and the resort of Canet Plage is only a five minute drive away .
the campsite also has a [choice] of shops on site including a supermarket , launderette , bureau de change and weekly flea market and the resort of canet plage is only a five minute drive away .

These are just a selection of our trips which cost around £13 each .
these are just a [choice] of our trips which cost around £13 each .

It 's only 100 metres to the main road where a regular bus service will take you into the bustling resort centre of Magalluf , a 5 k ride which takes about 15 minutes , where a wider variety of bars , restaurants and nightlife can be found , or to Palma Nova 3km away , for a superb selection of restaurants .
it 's only 100 metres to the main road where a regular bus service will take you into the bustling resort centre of magalluf , a 5 k ride which takes about 15 minutes , where a wider variety of bars , restaurants and nightlife can be found , or to palma nova 3km away , for a superb [choice] of restaurants .

There is such an enormous selection of bars , clubs and discos and lots of beautiful scenery that should n't be missed .
there is such an enormous [choice] of bars , clubs and discos and lots of beautiful scenery that should n't be missed .

Ideally located , it 's only ten minutes ' walk from Levante Beach and very close to a selection of cafés , shops , bars and restaurants .
ideally located , it 's only ten minutes ' walk from levante beach and very close to a [choice] of cafés , shops , bars and restaurants .

You can choose between a vast selection of bars , all with English or English speaking staff , and take your pick out of the 6 or 7 nightclubs that raise the roof until the small hours .
you can choose between a vast [choice] of bars , all with english or english speaking staff , and take your pick out of the 6 or 7 nightclubs that raise the roof until the small hours .

The centre of town with its wide selection of cocktail bars , pubs and restaurants , is a ten minute walk from the hotel .
the centre of town with its wide [choice] of cocktail bars , pubs and restaurants , is a ten minute walk from the hotel .

Other popular haunts include 42nd Street — one of the most popular bars in Kavos , and the ship Inn , a well-known restaurant where you can enjoy a good selection of dishes , both English and traditional Greek .
other popular haunts include 42nd street — one of the most popular bars in kavos , and the ship inn , a well-known restaurant where you can enjoy a good [choice] of dishes , both english and traditional greek .

Just across the road is a selection of bars .
just across the road is a [choice] of bars .

Our favourite night clubs , The Albatross and Monaco 's , are literally a stone 's throw away and there 's a great selection of restaurants to choose from !
our favourite night clubs , the albatross and monaco 's , are literally a stone 's throw away and there 's a great [choice] of restaurants to choose from !

And in between there is a complete selection of discos , bars and night clubs , offering something for everyone at all prices .
and in between there is a complete [choice] of discos , bars and night clubs , offering something for everyone at all prices .

There 's also a great selection of restaurants to choose from , including Chinese , English , Indian and French cuisine .
there 's also a great [choice] of restaurants to choose from , including chinese , english , indian and french cuisine .

The selection of bars seems never ending .
the [choice] of bars seems never ending .

Breakfast is served at the hotel , and there is a good selection of bars and cafés nearby serving everything from bacon and eggs to fried squid .
breakfast is served at the hotel , and there is a good [choice] of bars and cafés nearby serving everything from bacon and eggs to fried squid .

This chapter defines planning as a broad process which involves the establishment of objectives and the formulation , evaluation and selection of policies , strategies and actions needed to achieve the objectives .
this chapter defines planning as a broad process which involves the establishment of objectives and the formulation , evaluation and [choice] of policies , strategies and actions needed to achieve the objectives .

Thirdly , quality is only possible where every component of the organisation 's needs is defined and appropriate training procedures are identified and implemented in order to improve the staff selection process .
thirdly , quality is only possible where every component of the organisation 's needs is defined and appropriate training procedures are identified and implemented in order to improve the staff [choice] process .

Selection for senior posts is therefore more important than training ; if people who display the appropriate qualities are placed in the correct context then they will flourish .
[choice] for senior posts is therefore more important than training ; if people who display the appropriate qualities are placed in the correct context then they will flourish .

In spite of these qualifications , this approach has dominated the selection of leaders in the education system .
in spite of these qualifications , this approach has dominated the [choice] of leaders in the education system .

Selection methods based on references and panel interviews , without systematic job and person specification , give preference to intuitive judgements which inevitably focus on traits .
[choice] methods based on references and panel interviews , without systematic job and person specification , give preference to intuitive judgements which inevitably focus on traits .

The traditional approach to the training and selection of headteachers has been on the basis of technical competence reinforced by practical experience .
the traditional approach to the training and [choice] of headteachers has been on the basis of technical competence reinforced by practical experience .

Selection procedures have thus been largely exercises in historical data gathering , confirming the ability of candidates to do their present job rather than the one for which they have applied .
[choice] procedures have thus been largely exercises in historical data gathering , confirming the ability of candidates to do their present job rather than the one for which they have applied .

Fifthly , selection procedures must be introduced which are based on accurate and relevant person and job specifications and which are predictive in nature .
fifthly , [choice] procedures must be introduced which are based on accurate and relevant person and job specifications and which are predictive in nature .

the deliberate selection of members of the team
the deliberate [choice] of members of the team

In a major review of the selection of biological sites of national importance to nature conservation in Britain ( Ratcliffe , 1977b ) , Outer Hebridean sites are discussed in their national context with regard to botany among other aspects .
in a major review of the [choice] of biological sites of national importance to nature conservation in britain ( ratcliffe , 1977b ) , outer hebridean sites are discussed in their national context with regard to botany among other aspects .

Published and unpublished lists were used in compiling the necessarily limited but , it is hoped , representative selection of Gaelic names that appears here , and help was given by Gaelic speakers in the Outer Hebrides and elsewhere .
published and unpublished lists were used in compiling the necessarily limited but , it is hoped , representative [choice] of gaelic names that appears here , and help was given by gaelic speakers in the outer hebrides and elsewhere .

We will end selection at 11 where it still exists .
we will end [choice] at 11 where it still exists .

The third notion is that of natural selection leading to adaptation .
the third notion is that of natural [choice] leading to adaptation .

The process by which the fittest are singled out for survival is natural selection .
the process by which the fittest are singled out for survival is natural [choice] .

If natural selection were given its head , and an infinite amount of time to work in , then it seems that all lineages would tend inexorably towards ‘ perfection ’ ; where perfection was defined as perfect adaptation .
if natural [choice] were given its head , and an infinite amount of time to work in , then it seems that all lineages would tend inexorably towards ‘ perfection ’ ; where perfection was defined as perfect adaptation .

For these reasons — internal constraint , changing circumstance , and chance — natural selection does not lead inexorably towards ‘ perfection ’ , or ( apparently ) to any predestined goal .
for these reasons — internal constraint , changing circumstance , and chance — natural [choice] does not lead inexorably towards ‘ perfection ’ , or ( apparently ) to any predestined goal .

Professor Graham Cairns-Smith of the University of Glasgow has suggested that the propensity of lineages to adapt through natural selection is the most fundamental of all the qualities of living things .
professor graham cairns-smith of the university of glasgow has suggested that the propensity of lineages to adapt through natural [choice] is the most fundamental of all the qualities of living things .

The idea of the organism ; the notion that organisms need to process energy to stay intact ; the appreciation that selection is constantly at work , favouring the best adapted — these are the fundamentals to keep in mind in all studies of ecology .
the idea of the organism ; the notion that organisms need to process energy to stay intact ; the appreciation that [choice] is constantly at work , favouring the best adapted — these are the fundamentals to keep in mind in all studies of ecology .

Natural selection favours efficiency .
natural [choice] favours efficiency .

Charles Darwin , in his theory of evolution by means of natural selection , stressed the role of competition .
charles darwin , in his theory of evolution by means of natural [choice] , stressed the role of competition .

Natural selection works because organisms are thrown into competition , and the ‘ fittest ’ are the ones that survive .
natural [choice] works because organisms are thrown into competition , and the ‘ fittest ’ are the ones that survive .

Natural selection , then , could have favoured organisms that contained pigments whose molecules were able to absorb solar radiations , and then dispose of the energy , thus preventing breakdown of more vital molecules .
natural [choice] , then , could have favoured organisms that contained pigments whose molecules were able to absorb solar radiations , and then dispose of the energy , thus preventing breakdown of more vital molecules .

One suggestion which spoke volumes , was for the erection of close-mesh wire fencing along the boundary hedges to stop balls going out of bounds , and another that a selection of books be provided in the clubhouse so that ‘ on the wet days there would be some occupation ’ .
one suggestion which spoke volumes , was for the erection of close-mesh wire fencing along the boundary hedges to stop balls going out of bounds , and another that a [choice] of books be provided in the clubhouse so that ‘ on the wet days there would be some occupation ’ .

In considering the evolution of the mental capacities of the human being we need to remind ourselves that evolution occurs through the differential selection of traits with survival value in the habitat adopted by the animals .
in considering the evolution of the mental capacities of the human being we need to remind ourselves that evolution occurs through the differential [choice] of traits with survival value in the habitat adopted by the animals .

Every living organism is thus constrained as a result of selection to live in what John Bowlby terms its ‘ environment of evolutionary adaptedness ’ , using stable strategies of exploitation which are the best available to it .
every living organism is thus constrained as a result of [choice] to live in what john bowlby terms its ‘ environment of evolutionary adaptedness ’ , using stable strategies of exploitation which are the best available to it .

They include current selection theory describing the mechanisms of biological change , accounts of animal studies that provide evidence concerning the psychobiological ‘ platform ’ from which human life ascended , inferences from infrahuman primates and other animals to man , and finally a treatment of the evolution of the component faculties that go to make up the human mind .
they include current [choice] theory describing the mechanisms of biological change , accounts of animal studies that provide evidence concerning the psychobiological ‘ platform ’ from which human life ascended , inferences from infrahuman primates and other animals to man , and finally a treatment of the evolution of the component faculties that go to make up the human mind .

Recent developments of Darwinian theory provide us with a new and deeper understanding of the processes of natural selection .
recent developments of darwinian theory provide us with a new and deeper understanding of the processes of natural [choice] .

Evolution by natural selection is ‘ the direct negation of organic growth .
evolution by natural [choice] is ‘ the direct negation of organic growth .

Innate behaviour repertoires only change through natural selection over successive generations and , although their range of tolerance , their capacities , can be extended , their capability in responding to rapid day to day environmental shifts is clearly limited .
innate behaviour repertoires only change through natural [choice] over successive generations and , although their range of tolerance , their capacities , can be extended , their capability in responding to rapid day to day environmental shifts is clearly limited .

Programmed by the genes or by the acquisition of conditioned operant behaviour , the organism emitted responses acquired through natural selection or learnt through reinforcement by rewards .
programmed by the genes or by the acquisition of conditioned operant behaviour , the organism emitted responses acquired through natural [choice] or learnt through reinforcement by rewards .

Once a hierarchical order of open systems had come into being , natural selection , operating on the elaboration of new hierarchies and new cybernetics , became capable of generating states of greater heterogeneity with integrative systemic control .
once a hierarchical order of open systems had come into being , natural [choice] , operating on the elaboration of new hierarchies and new cybernetics , became capable of generating states of greater heterogeneity with integrative systemic control .

Evolution , social selection , and altruism
evolution , social [choice] , and altruism

The theory of natural selection first propounded by Charles Darwin ( 1858 ) is a cornerstone of biological thought and its appreciation is essential to anyone asking evolutionary questions in relation to human social behaviour .
the theory of natural [choice] first propounded by charles darwin ( 1858 ) is a cornerstone of biological thought and its appreciation is essential to anyone asking evolutionary questions in relation to human social behaviour .

Evolution by selection is a balancing process .
evolution by [choice] is a balancing process .

In general , intermediates have more offspring in repeated generations than do extremes and , for this reason selection favouring intermediates is called ‘ stabilizing ’ .
in general , intermediates have more offspring in repeated generations than do extremes and , for this reason [choice] favouring intermediates is called ‘ stabilizing ’ .

In time then , as their potential representation is realized through actual selection , these types increase their proportional occurrence in the population as a whole .
in time then , as their potential representation is realized through actual [choice] , these types increase their proportional occurrence in the population as a whole .

Competition and selection are logically inevitable features of ecology , and this must be true on any planet on which life-forms reproduce and depend on supplies that can run out .
competition and [choice] are logically inevitable features of ecology , and this must be true on any planet on which life-forms reproduce and depend on supplies that can run out .

Efficiency in competition is thus a prime source of selection and occurs in many aspects of social life .
efficiency in competition is thus a prime source of [choice] and occurs in many aspects of social life .

Both these processes in the long term are effective agents of selection , especially when applied to differential capacities to obtain mates and to care for and rear young .
both these processes in the long term are effective agents of [choice] , especially when applied to differential capacities to obtain mates and to care for and rear young .

These fundamental ideas in population dynamics emphasize the individual as the subject of selection .
these fundamental ideas in population dynamics emphasize the individual as the subject of [choice] .

Sir Ronald Fisher in the 1958 edition of his great book The genetical theory of natural selection ( first published in 1930 ) cautioned against this fallacy and suggested that arguments about the benefit of a given trait to a species were misleading .
sir ronald fisher in the 1958 edition of his great book the genetical theory of natural [choice] ( first published in 1930 ) cautioned against this fallacy and suggested that arguments about the benefit of a given trait to a species were misleading .

There has been much debate about this question of the unit of natural selection .
there has been much debate about this question of the unit of natural [choice] .

Dawkins ( 1976 , 1978 ) has argued strongly that considering the individual animal as the unit of selection is a form of shorthand for what is actually selected down the generations is the gene , or over short time spans , groups of associated genes .
dawkins ( 1976 , 1978 ) has argued strongly that considering the individual animal as the unit of [choice] is a form of shorthand for what is actually selected down the generations is the gene , or over short time spans , groups of associated genes .

Over short time spans then genes are not the separate units of selection Dawkins supposes .
over short time spans then genes are not the separate units of [choice] dawkins supposes .

It looks as if the concept of the isolated gene as a unit of selection is an idealized abstraction from reality .
it looks as if the concept of the isolated gene as a unit of [choice] is an idealized abstraction from reality .

Alexander and Borgia ( 1978 ) have re-examined the problem of the unit of selection at different levels of biological organization .
alexander and borgia ( 1978 ) have re-examined the problem of the unit of [choice] at different levels of biological organization .

After considering a variety of cases their main conclusion is that , operationally , the genome ( the genes of an individual animal ) is a common unit of selection and that to refer to individuals as units of selection is not necessarily in error .
after considering a variety of cases their main conclusion is that , operationally , the genome ( the genes of an individual animal ) is a common unit of [choice] and that to refer to individuals as units of [choice] is not necessarily in error .

Individual organism and genic selection are two among several processes of selection that produce species populations .
individual organism and genic [choice] are two among several processes of [choice] that produce species populations .

Sexual selection depends on the success of certain individuals over others of the same sex in relation to the propagation of the species ; whilst natural selection depends on the success of both sexes , at all ages , in relation to the general conditions of life .
sexual [choice] depends on the success of certain individuals over others of the same sex in relation to the propagation of the species ; whilst natural [choice] depends on the success of both sexes , at all ages , in relation to the general conditions of life .

Darwin used several criteria for distinguishing sexual characteristics selected in this way : ( 1 ) the features acquired by sexual selection are confined to one sex ; ( 2 ) the features develop fully only at sexual maturity ; ( 3 ) the features often appear only during the reproductive season ; and ( 4 ) males are in most species the most active in courtship .
darwin used several criteria for distinguishing sexual characteristics selected in this way : ( 1 ) the features acquired by sexual [choice] are confined to one sex ; ( 2 ) the features develop fully only at sexual maturity ; ( 3 ) the features often appear only during the reproductive season ; and ( 4 ) males are in most species the most active in courtship .

An example of sexual selection emphasizing male-to-male exclusion ( intrasexual selection ) is provided by the antlers of deer .
an example of sexual [choice] emphasizing male-to-male exclusion ( intrasexual [choice] ) is provided by the antlers of deer .

Sexual selection emphasizing attraction of the opposite sex is commonly recorded in relation to the elaborate displays of polygamous birds .
sexual [choice] emphasizing attraction of the opposite sex is commonly recorded in relation to the elaborate displays of polygamous birds .

Darwin 's argument emphasized that sexual selection depends on the ‘ success of certain individuals over others of the same sex in relation to the propagation of the species ’ .
darwin 's argument emphasized that sexual [choice] depends on the ‘ success of certain individuals over others of the same sex in relation to the propagation of the species ’ .

Social selection results from ( a ) effects of competition between the subject and others of either sex with respect to commodities essential to survival in the situation that will allow attempt at reproduction , ( b ) competition for access to preferred members of the opposite sex for mating and ( c ) effects of competition between subjects for access to commodities in the environment essential for rearing of their young or those of relatives to reproductive age .
social [choice] results from ( a ) effects of competition between the subject and others of either sex with respect to commodities essential to survival in the situation that will allow attempt at reproduction , ( b ) competition for access to preferred members of the opposite sex for mating and ( c ) effects of competition between subjects for access to commodities in the environment essential for rearing of their young or those of relatives to reproductive age .

Of these ( b ) is the process most commonly referred to as sexual selection .
of these ( b ) is the process most commonly referred to as sexual [choice] .

Social selection is undoubtedly one of the main evolutionary processes responsible for the emergence of … behavioural characteristics .
social [choice] is undoubtedly one of the main evolutionary processes responsible for the emergence of … behavioural characteristics .

We can see easily enough that in a competitive world social selection for a selfish maximization of an individual 's capacity to reproduce will result in the predominance of certain traits in a population .
we can see easily enough that in a competitive world social [choice] for a selfish maximization of an individual 's capacity to reproduce will result in the predominance of certain traits in a population .

We have already seen , however , that on present evidence , and on the basis of extensive efforts at modelling , such a process of group selection seems unlikely to be important in evolution .
we have already seen , however , that on present evidence , and on the basis of extensive efforts at modelling , such a process of group [choice] seems unlikely to be important in evolution .

How such behaviours have evolved in the face of selection favouring the maximization of individual reproduction has been a great and tantalizing mystery to evolutionary theorists .
how such behaviours have evolved in the face of [choice] favouring the maximization of individual reproduction has been a great and tantalizing mystery to evolutionary theorists .

The process by which such behaviour arises is often called kin selection .
the process by which such behaviour arises is often called kin [choice] .

Social selection has thus yielded two main strategic components in the behaviour responsible for societal organization .
social [choice] has thus yielded two main strategic components in the behaviour responsible for societal organization .

Trivers argues that the chances of selection favouring altruistic behaviour in which individuals dispense a benefit to another greater than the cost of the act will be improved when many potentially altruistic situations arise in the population , when there are repetitive interactions of the same kind within a small group of individuals , and where symmetrical situations favouring the return of benefits are common .
trivers argues that the chances of [choice] favouring altruistic behaviour in which individuals dispense a benefit to another greater than the cost of the act will be improved when many potentially altruistic situations arise in the population , when there are repetitive interactions of the same kind within a small group of individuals , and where symmetrical situations favouring the return of benefits are common .

One of the most productive themes has been the association between two major types of selection pressure ( see below ) and differing reproductive strategies of species under ecological constraint .
one of the most productive themes has been the association between two major types of [choice] pressure ( see below ) and differing reproductive strategies of species under ecological constraint .

Competition and selection may be expected to yield traits that maximize rapid and early reproduction and the production of the largest possible brood or litter .
competition and [choice] may be expected to yield traits that maximize rapid and early reproduction and the production of the largest possible brood or litter .

Patterns of grouping and spatial dispersion are closely related to food resources and foraging strategy and come to constitute the demographic environment within which social selection determining behaviour responsible for mating and rearing strategies occurs .
patterns of grouping and spatial dispersion are closely related to food resources and foraging strategy and come to constitute the demographic environment within which social [choice] determining behaviour responsible for mating and rearing strategies occurs .

Some 30 per cent of ruff matings are owing to satellites , and selection has yielded a stable dimorphism of the two forms of male structure and display .
some 30 per cent of ruff matings are owing to satellites , and [choice] has yielded a stable dimorphism of the two forms of male structure and display .

Hamilton 's theory of the evolution of nepotistic behaviour as a consequence of maximizing the inclusive fitness of individuals through kin selection ( p. 42 ) has opened a passage from a nature red in tooth and claw to a no less rigorous nature in which the appearance of much gentler forms of interaction is comprehensible .
hamilton 's theory of the evolution of nepotistic behaviour as a consequence of maximizing the inclusive fitness of individuals through kin [choice] ( p. 42 ) has opened a passage from a nature red in tooth and claw to a no less rigorous nature in which the appearance of much gentler forms of interaction is comprehensible .

These features may be interpreted in terms of a high degree of social selection responsible for the care shown by the non-reproductives in the group .
these features may be interpreted in terms of a high degree of social [choice] responsible for the care shown by the non-reproductives in the group .

One of the best-documented analyses of altruism and kin selection in group-dwelling mammals is Bertram 's ( 1976 ) study of the lion pride .
one of the best-documented analyses of altruism and kin [choice] in group-dwelling mammals is bertram 's ( 1976 ) study of the lion pride .

These animals show evidence of considerable kin selection in that the females show communal suckling while the two males in the pride not only show no sexual competition for the females but are very tolerant towards all cubs .
these animals show evidence of considerable kin [choice] in that the females show communal suckling while the two males in the pride not only show no sexual competition for the females but are very tolerant towards all cubs .

The fact that small groups tend of necessity to comprise a membership of close kin favours the occurrence of kin selection and hence a high probability that cooperative behaviour will evolve .
the fact that small groups tend of necessity to comprise a membership of close kin favours the occurrence of kin [choice] and hence a high probability that cooperative behaviour will evolve .

Group formation may arise as a result of factors favouring defence or resource acquisition and the sizes and compositions of groups express the effects of social selection within them .
group formation may arise as a result of factors favouring defence or resource acquisition and the sizes and compositions of groups express the effects of social [choice] within them .

Selection of successful competitors is the prime mechanism in evolution .
[choice] of successful competitors is the prime mechanism in evolution .

The unit of selection is the individual phenotype : this , however , implies that the ultimate unit of selection is the gene that contributes successful traits .
the unit of [choice] is the individual phenotype : this , however , implies that the ultimate unit of [choice] is the gene that contributes successful traits .

Social selection , of which three types are distinguished , is a major process responsible for the evolution of behaviour .
social [choice] , of which three types are distinguished , is a major process responsible for the evolution of behaviour .

Altruistic behaviour , for long a puzzle to evolutionists , may now be explained largely in terms of kin selection for the inclusive fitness of individuals .
altruistic behaviour , for long a puzzle to evolutionists , may now be explained largely in terms of kin [choice] for the inclusive fitness of individuals .

Sexual selection under environmental constraints from a species habitat accounts for the adaptive radiation apparent in taxonomic groups .
sexual [choice] under environmental constraints from a species habitat accounts for the adaptive radiation apparent in taxonomic groups .

Indeed , since the female has the prime investment in young , this is exactly what would be expected from Trivers 's elaboration of Darwin 's account of sexual selection ( p. 52 ) .
indeed , since the female has the prime investment in young , this is exactly what would be expected from trivers 's elaboration of darwin 's account of sexual [choice] ( p. 52 ) .

In terms of selection theory it makes sense for an incoming male to kill the young , for the females then come into oestrus quickly and he can get his genes into the assembly line at the earliest opportunity .
in terms of [choice] theory it makes sense for an incoming male to kill the young , for the females then come into oestrus quickly and he can get his genes into the assembly line at the earliest opportunity .

You will need a selection of twist drills for the former , and wood bits in various sizes and patterns for the latter .
you will need a [choice] of twist drills for the former , and wood bits in various sizes and patterns for the latter .

Recruitment and selection
recruitment and [choice]

Selznick 's personal involvement in the recruitment and selection process for the film 's star was legendary .
selznick 's personal involvement in the recruitment and [choice] process for the film 's star was legendary .

But Selznick knew that he could not hand over the selection process to assistants .
but selznick knew that he could not hand over the [choice] process to assistants .

Though he delegated much of the work he always made the final selection choices .
though he delegated much of the work he always made the final [choice] choices .

Today , with personnel management much more established , it is far easier for many managers to take a back seat and leave recruitment and selection to specialists and even outside consultants .
today , with personnel management much more established , it is far easier for many managers to take a back seat and leave recruitment and [choice] to specialists and even outside consultants .

Despite this , it pays to be involved with recruitment and selection .
despite this , it pays to be involved with recruitment and [choice] .

So you are merely making life more difficult for yourself if you neglect the recruitment and selection process .
so you are merely making life more difficult for yourself if you neglect the recruitment and [choice] process .

Though recruitment and selection is not a particularly difficult process to master , it is time consuming .
though recruitment and [choice] is not a particularly difficult process to master , it is time consuming .

Employment agencies offer another source of help with the recruitment process as do specialist selection consultants .
employment agencies offer another source of help with the recruitment process as do specialist [choice] consultants .

The job description lies at the heart of good recruitment and selection practice .
the job description lies at the heart of good recruitment and [choice] practice .

group selection methods
group [choice] methods

Interviews have a poor reputation for effective selection .
interviews have a poor reputation for effective [choice] .

It does not necessarily help to use a panel interview for selection purposes if the members are also inexperienced .
it does not necessarily help to use a panel interview for [choice] purposes if the members are also inexperienced .

Once you have made the appointment and the candidate has accepted is this the end of the recruitment and selection process ?
once you have made the appointment and the candidate has accepted is this the end of the recruitment and [choice] process ?

Induction is a final but important step that is often neglected , falling between the end of the selection process and the beginning of a person taking up their new role .
induction is a final but important step that is often neglected , falling between the end of the [choice] process and the beginning of a person taking up their new role .

It will also mean that you do not have scope for considering all the potential alternatives thoroughly before making your final selection .
it will also mean that you do not have scope for considering all the potential alternatives thoroughly before making your final [choice] .

monthly lunches with a selection of employees
monthly lunches with a [choice] of employees

Young guests up to the age of 14 can choose a special selection of dishes from the main menu .
young guests up to the age of 14 can choose a special [choice] of dishes from the main menu .

Choose your gifts from our carefully chosen selection .
choose your gifts from our carefully chosen [choice] .

There 's an even bigger selection of period linens and lace at Collectible Costume .
there 's an even bigger [choice] of period linens and lace at collectible costume .

In the bosky garden is a selection of wire garden pieces designed by his father Robin in the 1950s .
in the bosky garden is a [choice] of wire garden pieces designed by his father robin in the 1950s .

Some studies , however , do exist and a selection is shown in Fig .
some studies , however , do exist and a [choice] is shown in fig .

To illustrate the ways in which different components of performance can be assessed , we will consider examples from a small selection of the tests that have been devised .
to illustrate the ways in which different components of performance can be assessed , we will consider examples from a small [choice] of the tests that have been devised .

The Clothes Show Magazine team invited Alison to show us some of her favourite outfits , as well as a selection of clothes that Betty wears . Can you spot the difference ?
the clothes show magazine team invited alison to show us some of her favourite outfits , as well as a [choice] of clothes that betty wears . can you spot the difference ?

The judges were impressed with Mr Salter 's initiative and ability in the selection , care and understanding of wine .
the judges were impressed with mr salter 's initiative and ability in the [choice] , care and understanding of wine .

They and many of Gaume 's friends and colleagues came together one evening in May to celebrate his 40 years in the kitchens of the world with a sumptuous dinner , matched by a fine selection of wines .
they and many of gaume 's friends and colleagues came together one evening in may to celebrate his 40 years in the kitchens of the world with a sumptuous dinner , matched by a fine [choice] of wines .

Brian Jordan looks at a selection of English wines , and some of the opportunities they provide
brian jordan looks at a [choice] of english wines , and some of the opportunities they provide

The range includes a selection of hobs , griddles , fryers , bain-maries , chip scuttles and sink units , as well as a convection oven and pasta cooker .
the range includes a [choice] of hobs , griddles , fryers , bain-maries , chip scuttles and sink units , as well as a convection oven and pasta cooker .

As the platoons march towards the assembly hall for a short church service and the Inspecting Officer 's address and presentation of awards , a minibus pulls away from the selection centre .
as the platoons march towards the assembly hall for a short church service and the inspecting officer 's address and presentation of awards , a minibus pulls away from the [choice] centre .

On 30 June Colonel Wilkinson was at his desk catching up on policy matters after having been away for several days visiting units in the Liverpool area and attending an Army Catering Corps Promotion Selection Board held at Exeter .
on 30 june colonel wilkinson was at his desk catching up on policy matters after having been away for several days visiting units in the liverpool area and attending an army catering corps promotion [choice] board held at exeter .

Before going to the shooting competition , he visited one of the rifle companies doing selection tests for promotion to Lance Corporal .
before going to the shooting competition , he visited one of the rifle companies doing [choice] tests for promotion to lance corporal .

Patrick first cut her hair into a soft convex bob before Kerry , using a spatula and slide technique , coloured the hair with a selection of blonde and soft brown shades from Wella 's Koleston 2000 range to help disguise the grey and give a variegated effect .
patrick first cut her hair into a soft convex bob before kerry , using a spatula and slide technique , coloured the hair with a [choice] of blonde and soft brown shades from wella 's koleston 2000 range to help disguise the grey and give a variegated effect .

The Clothes Show Magazine was present at this nail-biting stage of the proceedings , ready to make a selection of our own .
the clothes show magazine was present at this nail-biting stage of the proceedings , ready to make a [choice] of our own .

Flowers , from a selection at John Lewis .
flowers , from a [choice] at john lewis .

With their selection of jewellery , handbags and jackets as well , you need look no further .
with their [choice] of jewellery , handbags and jackets as well , you need look no further .

However , Pearson 's lack of interest in the methods of play construction led him towards even more unfocused ways of organizing his films , aiming for a sort of primitive naturalism — ‘ nothing more than the capture of things seen , life in the living , and by selection and arrangement , the flow of the human tale .
however , pearson 's lack of interest in the methods of play construction led him towards even more unfocused ways of organizing his films , aiming for a sort of primitive naturalism — ‘ nothing more than the capture of things seen , life in the living , and by [choice] and arrangement , the flow of the human tale .

Here is a selection of the most common mineral water .
here is a [choice] of the most common mineral water .

Remarkably versatile and elegantly styled , wicker and cane furniture for indoors and outside has never looked better and you 'll find a wide selection to choose from
remarkably versatile and elegantly styled , wicker and cane furniture for indoors and outside has never looked better and you 'll find a wide [choice] to choose from

Fill with a selection of colour co-ordinating pens and pencils .
fill with a [choice] of colour co-ordinating pens and pencils .

There is brighter news for the Rangers boss on the selection front .
there is brighter news for the rangers boss on the [choice] front .

Delta is good for the South and South-west and has a more interesting selection of commuter airlines .
delta is good for the south and south-west and has a more interesting [choice] of commuter airlines .

London Contemporary Dance Theatre have begun touring this autumn with their usual selection of excellently mixed bills .
london contemporary dance theatre have begun touring this autumn with their usual [choice] of excellently mixed bills .

’ In the name of Allah , things have come to a pretty pass if the tabloids are influencing England 's selection policy .
’ in the name of allah , things have come to a pretty pass if the tabloids are influencing england 's [choice] policy .

‘ Push ’ , ‘ discipline ’ or ‘ dig in ’ came hissing forth , and were once followed with a hilarious bellow when Parke made an injudicious shot selection : ‘ brain ' .
‘ push ’ , ‘ discipline ’ or ‘ dig in ’ came hissing forth , and were once followed with a hilarious bellow when parke made an injudicious shot [choice] : ‘ brain ' .

Seabrook believes the clubs ' hands would be strengthened by a change of selection policy so that only those based in the North play for the North .
seabrook believes the clubs ' hands would be strengthened by a change of [choice] policy so that only those based in the north play for the north .

Confirming Stanger 's inclusion , the only new cap in a team to be captained by David Sole , Bob Munro , the selection chairman , said the player had grasped his opportunity on the summer trip to Japan .
confirming stanger 's inclusion , the only new cap in a team to be captained by david sole , bob munro , the [choice] chairman , said the player had grasped his opportunity on the summer trip to japan .

Riddoch Chardonnay 1987 , £5.39 ( fine wine selection ) ; oaky , rich , pineappley Chardonnay in classic Australian ‘ white burgundy ’ style .
riddoch chardonnay 1987 , £5.39 ( fine wine [choice] ) ; oaky , rich , pineappley chardonnay in classic australian ‘ white burgundy ’ style .

In 1942 Lu Hsun was quoted by Mao Tse-tung as asserting that the aim of a modern Chinese artist should be : ‘ By selection to accept the historical legacy of Chinese traditional art ; to absorb the best style and technique from foreign art ; and thus to establish a new national art in accordance with the demands and needs of the masses .
in 1942 lu hsun was quoted by mao tse-tung as asserting that the aim of a modern chinese artist should be : ‘ by [choice] to accept the historical legacy of chinese traditional art ; to absorb the best style and technique from foreign art ; and thus to establish a new national art in accordance with the demands and needs of the masses .

An unwary reader might think that the book is a history of the changes in Western art , whereas it is in fact only a selection of some changes .
an unwary reader might think that the book is a history of the changes in western art , whereas it is in fact only a [choice] of some changes .

The critic here may be acting as an exhibition organiser or co-ordinator , critical decisions being mainly limited to selection .
the critic here may be acting as an exhibition organiser or co-ordinator , critical decisions being mainly limited to [choice] .

In this case selection is all , or almost all , as space does not allow for extensive description or interpretation .
in this case [choice] is all , or almost all , as space does not allow for extensive description or interpretation .

These are not just fizzy lager joints , but environments where a bank of six beer engines can sit happily on the bar counter offering a wide selection of real ales .
these are not just fizzy lager joints , but environments where a bank of six beer engines can sit happily on the bar counter offering a wide [choice] of real ales .

There are a host of audition pieces to be derived from the soliloquies and monologues , many of which are well tried favourites , and almost any selection will be reasonably well known .
there are a host of audition pieces to be derived from the soliloquies and monologues , many of which are well tried favourites , and almost any [choice] will be reasonably well known .

The question of selection is very personal ; after all , what makes you choose the character that you are going to do ? There must be some affinity between you and the man or woman on the printed page — something that you recognise not because you are ‘ just like that ’ but because you feel that you can interpret the situation with those words .
the question of [choice] is very personal ; after all , what makes you choose the character that you are going to do ? there must be some affinity between you and the man or woman on the printed page — something that you recognise not because you are ‘ just like that ’ but because you feel that you can interpret the situation with those words .

When presenting a classical and a modern piece women may use a practice skirt for one selection which can be used over jeans , or another skirt .
when presenting a classical and a modern piece women may use a practice skirt for one [choice] which can be used over jeans , or another skirt .

Here is a selection of speeches for both men and women that may be recommended for auditions at drama schools .
here is a [choice] of speeches for both men and women that may be recommended for auditions at drama schools .

You will probably , therefore , end up with a selection of varying pictures which could well be useful .
you will probably , therefore , end up with a [choice] of varying pictures which could well be useful .

Which leads to the usual problems associated with casting and auditioning . Do you think there 's a better means of selection , other than what seem generally to be regarded as a rather barbaric system ?
which leads to the usual problems associated with casting and auditioning . do you think there 's a better means of [choice] , other than what seem generally to be regarded as a rather barbaric system ?

With careful selection you can recreate your own wildlife haven .
with careful [choice] you can recreate your own wildlife haven .

Chain reaction Happily ( and daisy flowers always make me feel happy ) the same arrangement and connotations may be reproduced again and again in the garden by planting a selection of daisy relatives and look-alikes .
chain reaction happily ( and daisy flowers always make me feel happy ) the same arrangement and connotations may be reproduced again and again in the garden by planting a [choice] of daisy relatives and look-alikes .

However , a selection of your questions will be answered on these pages each month .
however , a [choice] of your questions will be answered on these pages each month .

Hedge selection More than 30 prospective hedges to choose from in our comprehensive and detailed selector table .
hedge [choice] more than 30 prospective hedges to choose from in our comprehensive and detailed selector table .

Bright ideas The brief selection of flowering plants listed here should help brighten the darker months .
bright ideas the brief [choice] of flowering plants listed here should help brighten the darker months .

Be careful that you do not continue to reject fields at the same time as getting lower and lower until it is too late either to have any selection or to achieve a good approach .
be careful that you do not continue to reject fields at the same time as getting lower and lower until it is too late either to have any [choice] or to achieve a good approach .

Poor selection
poor [choice]

There is an ‘ élitist thread ’ in such places , and joining was by oligarchic selection and specific invitation , followed by a suitably off-beat initiation .
there is an ‘ élitist thread ’ in such places , and joining was by oligarchic [choice] and specific invitation , followed by a suitably off-beat initiation .

In the meantime we may note that , right or wrong , balanced or not , Leonard spoke from the heart — as did the prophets of old ; the sell-out qualities of the book demonstrated the need , as well as his astuteness in compiling his selection .
in the meantime we may note that , right or wrong , balanced or not , leonard spoke from the heart — as did the prophets of old ; the sell-out qualities of the book demonstrated the need , as well as his astuteness in compiling his [choice] .

presumably , as part of your preparation and selection programme , you will already have done well against others .
presumably , as part of your preparation and [choice] programme , you will already have done well against others .

The second session begins with a few limbering-up exercises and then goes immediately to the selection .
the second session begins with a few limbering-up exercises and then goes immediately to the [choice] .

The truth of this conjecture would seem to be confirmed by Agatha Christie 's choice of titles for the 1938 volume , Hercule Poirot 's Christmas and the 1960 collection , The Adventure of the Christmas Pudding and a selection of Entrees .
the truth of this conjecture would seem to be confirmed by agatha christie 's choice of titles for the 1938 volume , hercule poirot 's christmas and the 1960 collection , the adventure of the christmas pudding and a [choice] of entrees .

This year the festival brings you the chance to see a wide and varied selection of the films which will be remembered as the highlights of cinema in 1991 .
this year the festival brings you the chance to see a wide and varied [choice] of the films which will be remembered as the highlights of cinema in 1991 .

The first part of proceeding will be the jury selection , known as the vior dire .
the first part of proceeding will be the jury [choice] , known as the vior dire .

Well-equipped gyms will have a large selection of leg machines designed to isolate the various muscle groups .
well-equipped gyms will have a large [choice] of leg machines designed to isolate the various muscle groups .

The Wegeler-Deinhard Vineyard Selection includes Bernkasteler Doktor Riesling Spätlese from Moselle-Saar-Ruwer and Forster Ungeheuer Riesling Kabinett and Spätlese from Rheinpfalz .
the wegeler-deinhard vineyard [choice] includes bernkasteler doktor riesling spätlese from moselle-saar-ruwer and forster ungeheuer riesling kabinett and spätlese from rheinpfalz .

The Deinhard Estate Selection includes Wegeler-Deinhard Riesling Kabinett and Spätlese , from Moselle-Saar-Ruwer , and Wegeler-Deinhard Riesling , Kabinett and Spätlese , from Rheinpfalz .
the deinhard estate [choice] includes wegeler-deinhard riesling kabinett and spätlese , from moselle-saar-ruwer , and wegeler-deinhard riesling , kabinett and spätlese , from rheinpfalz .

Identify a selection of cutlery distributors , send them one of your pieces of cutlery and ask them to match it and send their sample and yours back .
identify a [choice] of cutlery distributors , send them one of your pieces of cutlery and ask them to match it and send their sample and yours back .

The serving machines are available in a selection of sizes and can be leased or purchased .
the serving machines are available in a [choice] of sizes and can be leased or purchased .

‘ We have achieved our two objectives — to encourage young chefs to look out for and use British ingredients in their recipes , and also to find a delicious selection of dishes to use in the British menu promotion later this year .
‘ we have achieved our two objectives — to encourage young chefs to look out for and use british ingredients in their recipes , and also to find a delicious [choice] of dishes to use in the british menu promotion later this year .

Judges praised Langan 's Bistro for a high standard of cooking , a wide selection of fresh vegetables , and its puddings .
judges praised langan 's bistro for a high standard of cooking , a wide [choice] of fresh vegetables , and its puddings .

Pollards Woodworking Machinery are sponsoring a new turning competition on 3 August , with classes for novices and experienced turners in a selection of categories .
pollards woodworking machinery are sponsoring a new turning competition on 3 august , with classes for novices and experienced turners in a [choice] of categories .

He will be available for advice and tips about production turning , and will have his selection of home-made tools on display , and is use .
he will be available for advice and tips about production turning , and will have his [choice] of home-made tools on display , and is use .

To give more power to the carver 's elbow there are now a wide range of electric carving systems , and here we test a selection of machines and tools that may offer more than a saving in time
to give more power to the carver 's elbow there are now a wide range of electric carving systems , and here we test a [choice] of machines and tools that may offer more than a saving in time

It was possible with only a small selection of gouges to find the appropriate one to fit the circumference of the eyeball , using the gouge on both sides .
it was possible with only a small [choice] of gouges to find the appropriate one to fit the circumference of the eyeball , using the gouge on both sides .

and because the clinics were not attached to the main hospitals , there was no feedback from other disciplines in medicine , and , furthermore , the doctors working in the clinics did not have to undergo the vigorous selection procedures that were usual for hospital posts .
and because the clinics were not attached to the main hospitals , there was no feedback from other disciplines in medicine , and , furthermore , the doctors working in the clinics did not have to undergo the vigorous [choice] procedures that were usual for hospital posts .

Natural selection would favour those strains which produced a symptomless infection .
natural [choice] would favour those strains which produced a symptomless infection .

The dive planning screen is a look-ahead facility showing a selection of depths and no-stop times depending on your current decompression status .
the dive planning screen is a look-ahead facility showing a [choice] of depths and no-stop times depending on your current decompression status .

One of the more commonly heard complaints against the existing management structure from top athletes is that its detachment from the road race scene leaves management ill-equipped to make selection decisions for road races in major internationals .
one of the more commonly heard complaints against the existing management structure from top athletes is that its detachment from the road race scene leaves management ill-equipped to make [choice] decisions for road races in major internationals .

‘ Team selection will categorically be the responsibility of the Commissions ; including the selection of teams for international competition .
‘ team [choice] will categorically be the responsibility of the commissions ; including the [choice] of teams for international competition .

The athletes know them , and also know that on certain occasions they are being looked at for selection purposes .
the athletes know them , and also know that on certain occasions they are being looked at for [choice] purposes .

Most shops carry a selection of outsoles , offering a variety of weights , widths , treads and materials .
most shops carry a [choice] of outsoles , offering a variety of weights , widths , treads and materials .

There are carved wooden picture frames , fabrics , sandalwood garlands , screens , antiques , basketware and much more for sale , as well as the items shown here : tobacco boxes from £34.95 , camel pots from £25 and a huge selection of jewellery .
there are carved wooden picture frames , fabrics , sandalwood garlands , screens , antiques , basketware and much more for sale , as well as the items shown here : tobacco boxes from £34.95 , camel pots from £25 and a huge [choice] of jewellery .

Here is a selection from the very varied past-life experiences of some of you who wrote it .
here is a [choice] from the very varied past-life experiences of some of you who wrote it .

In tins : tomatoes , tuna , apricots , mixed beans , plus sultanas , and a selection of rice and pasta .
in tins : tomatoes , tuna , apricots , mixed beans , plus sultanas , and a [choice] of rice and pasta .

Natural selection
natural [choice]

The analogy between scientific progress and genetic evolution by natural selection has been illuminated especially by Sir Karl Popper .
the analogy between scientific progress and genetic evolution by natural [choice] has been illuminated especially by sir karl popper .

Psychological appeal means appeal to brains , and brains are shaped by natural selection of genes in gene-pools .
psychological appeal means appeal to brains , and brains are shaped by natural [choice] of genes in gene-pools .

This is the analogue of natural selection .
this is the analogue of natural [choice] .

On one side of the knife-edge the critical frequency of Tit for Tat is exceeded , and selection will favour more and more Tit for Tats .
on one side of the knife-edge the critical frequency of tit for tat is exceeded , and [choice] will favour more and more tit for tats .

On the other side of the knife-edge the critical frequency of Always Defect is exceeded , and selection will favour more and more Always Defects .
on the other side of the knife-edge the critical frequency of always defect is exceeded , and [choice] will favour more and more always defects .

So natural selection pushes the population even further towards the Always Defect extreme .
so natural [choice] pushes the population even further towards the always defect extreme .

On any sensible view of the matter Darwinian selection does not work on genes directly .
on any sensible view of the matter darwinian [choice] does not work on genes directly .

Natural selection ( which , after all , works at the genic level ) favours the segregation distorter , even though its effects at the level of the individual organism are likely to be bad .
natural [choice] ( which , after all , works at the genic level ) favours the segregation distorter , even though its effects at the level of the individual organism are likely to be bad .

The caddis house , nobody could doubt , is an adaptation , evolved by Darwinian selection .
the caddis house , nobody could doubt , is an adaptation , evolved by darwinian [choice] .

It must have been favoured by selection , in very much the same way as , say , the hard shell of lobsters was favoured .
it must have been favoured by [choice] , in very much the same way as , say , the hard shell of lobsters was favoured .

But we have now taught ourselves to see benefits to the organism as incidental , as far as natural selection is concerned .
but we have now taught ourselves to see benefits to the organism as incidental , as far as natural [choice] is concerned .

Natural selection favoured those ancestral caddis genes that caused their possessors to build effective houses .
natural [choice] favoured those ancestral caddis genes that caused their possessors to build effective houses .

In that case there must have been genes controlling variation in caddis houses , for selection can not produce adaptations unless there are hereditary differences among which to select .
in that case there must have been genes controlling variation in caddis houses , for [choice] can not produce adaptations unless there are hereditary differences among which to select .

But even if we now feel more personal sympathy for the manipulated foster-parent , we can still ask why natural selection has allowed the cuckoos to get away with it .
but even if we now feel more personal sympathy for the manipulated foster-parent , we can still ask why natural [choice] has allowed the cuckoos to get away with it .

Maybe selection has n't yet had time to do its work .
maybe [choice] has n't yet had time to do its work .

In the evolutionary arms race between cuckoos and hosts , advances on each side took the form of genetic mutations arising and being favoured by natural selection .
in the evolutionary arms race between cuckoos and hosts , advances on each side took the form of genetic mutations arising and being favoured by natural [choice] .

It is finally time to return to the problem with which we started , to the tension between individual organism and gene as rival candidates for the central role in natural selection .
it is finally time to return to the problem with which we started , to the tension between individual organism and gene as rival candidates for the central role in natural [choice] .

The fundamental units of natural selection , the basic things that survive or fail to survive , that form lineages of identical copies with occasional random mutations , are called replicators .
the fundamental units of natural [choice] , the basic things that survive or fail to survive , that form lineages of identical copies with occasional random mutations , are called replicators .

For instance it clears up a tiresome controversy over the level at which natural selection acts .
for instance it clears up a tiresome controversy over the level at which natural [choice] acts .

Superficially it might seem logical to place ‘ individual selection ’ on a sort of ladder of levels of selection , half-way between the ‘ gene selection ’ advocated in Chapter 3 and the ‘ group selection ’ criticized in Chapter 7 .
superficially it might seem logical to place ‘ individual [choice] ’ on a sort of ladder of levels of [choice] , half-way between the ‘ gene [choice] ’ advocated in chapter 3 and the ‘ group [choice] ’ criticized in chapter 7 .

‘ Individual selection ’ seems vaguely to be a middle way between two extremes , and many biologists and philosophers have been seduced into this facile path and treated it as such .
‘ individual [choice] ’ seems vaguely to be a middle way between two extremes , and many biologists and philosophers have been seduced into this facile path and treated it as such .

The controversy between ‘ individual selection ’ and ‘ group selection ’ is a real controversy between alternative vehicles .
the controversy between ‘ individual [choice] ’ and ‘ group [choice] ’ is a real controversy between alternative vehicles .

The controversy between individual selection and gene selection is n't a controversy at all , for gene and organism are candidates for different , and complementary , roles in the story , the replicator and the vehicle .
the controversy between individual [choice] and gene [choice] is n't a controversy at all , for gene and organism are candidates for different , and complementary , roles in the story , the replicator and the vehicle .

Instead it will come about through natural selection .
instead it will come about through natural [choice] .

But how can natural selection see to it that the two pathways are not mixed , and that cooperating groups of compatible genes emerge ?
but how can natural [choice] see to it that the two pathways are not mixed , and that cooperating groups of compatible genes emerge ?

By the way , strictly for those with a professional interest , there is an analogy here with the argument over group selection .
by the way , strictly for those with a professional interest , there is an analogy here with the argument over group [choice] .

On the wall to the right of the door was a small illuminated case with the label ‘ Appearing this week ’ , and below that a selection of coloured photographs was pinned to a board covered in cheap red plush .
on the wall to the right of the door was a small illuminated case with the label ‘ appearing this week ’ , and below that a [choice] of coloured photographs was pinned to a board covered in cheap red plush .

Of particular interest here is the very strongly developed Roman sense of decor , meaning not ‘ decoration ’ , but the selection of a style suited to its setting .
of particular interest here is the very strongly developed roman sense of decor , meaning not ‘ decoration ’ , but the [choice] of a style suited to its setting .

Selection of Samples
[choice] of samples

It will normally be possible to span all of those market conditions by the proper selection of a small number of test conditions .
it will normally be possible to span all of those market conditions by the proper [choice] of a small number of test conditions .

The grammar-school pulse kept beating , pumping up ( a selection of ) ‘ the gifted and the intellectual ’ into the universities and desirable occupations .
the grammar-school pulse kept beating , pumping up ( a [choice] of ) ‘ the gifted and the intellectual ’ into the universities and desirable occupations .

For fifteen years after the 1944 Act the processes of selection for secondary education were refined .
for fifteen years after the 1944 act the processes of [choice] for secondary education were refined .

Attention to the proper development of the grammar schools required some surprising changes : the payment of pupils to defeat the rival attractions of early employment , extra investment for able pupils in primary schools , the conversion of Public Schools into boarding grammar schools , more efficient testing and selecting , and ( since some talent would still be missed at the age of eleven , or developed later ) continuous and lifelong selection .
attention to the proper development of the grammar schools required some surprising changes : the payment of pupils to defeat the rival attractions of early employment , extra investment for able pupils in primary schools , the conversion of public schools into boarding grammar schools , more efficient testing and selecting , and ( since some talent would still be missed at the age of eleven , or developed later ) continuous and lifelong [choice] .

Problems arise , of course , because every selection is a rejection of many .
problems arise , of course , because every [choice] is a rejection of many .

The system was , perhaps irreversibly , biased towards the selection of middle-class children .
the system was , perhaps irreversibly , biased towards the [choice] of middle-class children .

The accuracy of selection , if the system was to be maintained more or less intact , was of the highest importance .
the accuracy of [choice] , if the system was to be maintained more or less intact , was of the highest importance .

They echoed and amplified the anxieties of parents , and not least middle-class parents , as their children approached the stage of selection for secondary schools .
they echoed and amplified the anxieties of parents , and not least middle-class parents , as their children approached the stage of [choice] for secondary schools .

The surge of expansion and commitment to equality ( in some of its many forms ) which underlay this conviction sat uncomfortably with notions of selection at eleven-plus , but reinforced the rising demand for a huge expansion of higher education .
the surge of expansion and commitment to equality ( in some of its many forms ) which underlay this conviction sat uncomfortably with notions of [choice] at eleven-plus , but reinforced the rising demand for a huge expansion of higher education .

The essence of pristine Labour policy had of course , and largely through the influence of Tawney , found its way into the official Hadow Report of 1926 : ‘ Selection by differentiation takes the place of selection by elimination .
the essence of pristine labour policy had of course , and largely through the influence of tawney , found its way into the official hadow report of 1926 : ‘ [choice] by differentiation takes the place of [choice] by elimination .

By 1963 , under the pressure of opinion already analysed and the genial leadership of Boyle , the rationale of any rigorous Conservative case for selection at eleven-plus had been fatally undermined .
by 1963 , under the pressure of opinion already analysed and the genial leadership of boyle , the rationale of any rigorous conservative case for [choice] at eleven-plus had been fatally undermined .

Two of the schemes were paraded somewhat grudgingly , and only on an interim basis , because they involved preserving a measure of selection at the age of thirteen or fourteen .
two of the schemes were paraded somewhat grudgingly , and only on an interim basis , because they involved preserving a measure of [choice] at the age of thirteen or fourteen .

But the Circular also approved two-tier systems , where all pupils would transfer without selection or choice from a junior to a senior comprehensive school at the age of thirteen or fourteen .
but the circular also approved two-tier systems , where all pupils would transfer without [choice] or choice from a junior to a senior comprehensive school at the age of thirteen or fourteen .

If , however , the unpopular rigidities of the eleven-plus selection system were to be avoided then it was plainly necessary to avoid too much differentiation ( at least on the surface ) in the early years of secondary schooling .
if , however , the unpopular rigidities of the eleven-plus [choice] system were to be avoided then it was plainly necessary to avoid too much differentiation ( at least on the surface ) in the early years of secondary schooling .

What , then , should be the principles of such selection ?
what , then , should be the principles of such [choice] ?

In either case , fees would be abolished along with the principle of selection .
in either case , fees would be abolished along with the principle of [choice] .

In the past , when houses were accepted as payment for death duties , the selection of the contents acquired with them tended to be made mainly on a museum-oriented scale of value , concentrating predominantly on items that were not only of high quality , but also usually an integral part of the design of a room .
in the past , when houses were accepted as payment for death duties , the [choice] of the contents acquired with them tended to be made mainly on a museum-oriented scale of value , concentrating predominantly on items that were not only of high quality , but also usually an integral part of the design of a room .

What would have happened if penicillin had not been discovered , or if years of patient research had failed to explain why sulphonamides acted only on a limited selection of microbes ? Would the idea of drugs useful against germs once again have faded into obscurity ? Would many firms in the pharmaceutical industry have expended large resources in the pursuit of moulds which might produce useful drugs ? Would streptomycin have become available if the example of penicillin had not given impetus to its investigation ? And if there had been no synthetic drugs to control the resistant strains , would the decline of streptomycin have been taken to prove that antibiotics were a waste of time because organisms adapted to them too easily ?
what would have happened if penicillin had not been discovered , or if years of patient research had failed to explain why sulphonamides acted only on a limited [choice] of microbes ? would the idea of drugs useful against germs once again have faded into obscurity ? would many firms in the pharmaceutical industry have expended large resources in the pursuit of moulds which might produce useful drugs ? would streptomycin have become available if the example of penicillin had not given impetus to its investigation ? and if there had been no synthetic drugs to control the resistant strains , would the decline of streptomycin have been taken to prove that antibiotics were a waste of time because organisms adapted to them too easily ?

Best of Opposite Sex Following the selection of Best of Breed and Best of Winners , all the winners of the opposite sex to Best of Breed remain in the ring .
best of opposite sex following the [choice] of best of breed and best of winners , all the winners of the opposite sex to best of breed remain in the ring .

It is obvious that before the sample was obtained another form of natural selection had been in progress : earlier purchases by the public and by the booksellers themselves .
it is obvious that before the sample was obtained another form of natural [choice] had been in progress : earlier purchases by the public and by the booksellers themselves .

Storia 5 contains fourteen articles ( fact and fiction ) on the state of Britain today from a selection of contemporary female British writers , and foreign writers based in this country .
storia 5 contains fourteen articles ( fact and fiction ) on the state of britain today from a [choice] of contemporary female british writers , and foreign writers based in this country .

Another in the same mould is Golf 's Lighter Side , a selection of articles from Golf Illustrated from the last 100 years .
another in the same mould is golf 's lighter side , a [choice] of articles from golf illustrated from the last 100 years .

Comparing adult premiums for two weeks in Europe and worldwide on a selection of major policies and some smaller insurers , recommended for their low rates in last year 's Which ?
comparing adult premiums for two weeks in europe and worldwide on a [choice] of major policies and some smaller insurers , recommended for their low rates in last year 's which ?

Mountainous volumes lend their weight to dreams of a snow-bound Christmas John Samuel slaloms through this year 's selection of books for the skiing enthusiast .
mountainous volumes lend their weight to dreams of a snow-bound christmas john samuel slaloms through this year 's [choice] of books for the skiing enthusiast .

Moving Waddle from the right wing , where he performed so imaginatively against the Italians , in order to accommodate Rocastle , whose form has been patchy all season , is another selection open to doubt .
moving waddle from the right wing , where he performed so imaginatively against the italians , in order to accommodate rocastle , whose form has been patchy all season , is another [choice] open to doubt .

Adkin New Homes Department has been established for twenty years , servicing a wide selection of large and small developments throughout Oxfordshire on behalf of our builder clients .
adkin new homes department has been established for twenty years , servicing a wide [choice] of large and small developments throughout oxfordshire on behalf of our builder clients .

You can give the bedroom its total co-ordinated look by flat , fitted and valance sheets , cushions and bolsters , choosing from the wide range of bed dressings available , the superb selection of window dressings , wall-coverings and light fittings .
you can give the bedroom its total co-ordinated look by flat , fitted and valance sheets , cushions and bolsters , choosing from the wide range of bed dressings available , the superb [choice] of window dressings , wall-coverings and light fittings .

Mr Jonathon Moyo , lecturer in political science at the University of Zimbabwe , said : ‘ The selection of delegates has been done carefully .
mr jonathon moyo , lecturer in political science at the university of zimbabwe , said : ‘ the [choice] of delegates has been done carefully .

The danger is that there will be a careful selection both of members with primary allegiance to different and even hostile interests , and of officials preoccupied with their careers .
the danger is that there will be a careful [choice] both of members with primary allegiance to different and even hostile interests , and of officials preoccupied with their careers .

Market selection
market [choice]

Market selection means choosing the foreign markets in which the company will operate . Paliwoda ( 'International Marketing' ) comments :
market [choice] means choosing the foreign markets in which the company will operate . paliwoda ( 'international marketing' ) comments :

‘ It is a regrettable fact that the existing literature on the subject points to market selection as being an informal decision .
‘ it is a regrettable fact that the existing literature on the subject points to market [choice] as being an informal decision .

‘ Since decisions such as selection of target markets , segmentation strategy , or standardising marketing mix tactics cover several countries , it is important that the information on which decisions are based be comparable and consistent from one country to another .
‘ since decisions such as [choice] of target markets , segmentation strategy , or standardising marketing mix tactics cover several countries , it is important that the information on which decisions are based be comparable and consistent from one country to another .

This official history is lavishly produced , profusely illustrated with maps and well-chosen photographs , and quotes extensively from a selection of the British documents — indeed , seems to reproduce some of them in full in the text — as well as vividly recounting the actual fighting .
this official history is lavishly produced , profusely illustrated with maps and well-chosen photographs , and quotes extensively from a [choice] of the british documents — indeed , seems to reproduce some of them in full in the text — as well as vividly recounting the actual fighting .

None of them made a special selection of materials suitable for the peasantry , so the few books that were dispatched were often too dry or too expensive .
none of them made a special [choice] of materials suitable for the peasantry , so the few books that were dispatched were often too dry or too expensive .

The total real value of exports from a selection of seven African countries rose three and half times from 1907 to 1928 , a further five times from 1928 to 1959 and a further four times from 1959 to 1982 .
the total real value of exports from a [choice] of seven african countries rose three and half times from 1907 to 1928 , a further five times from 1928 to 1959 and a further four times from 1959 to 1982 .

It envisaged the development of other commercial ranches ( albeit government-owned ) ; the provision of credit to a selection of pastoral cattle keepers ( for water supplies , improved grazing and other facilities ) ; a great improvement in the system by which cattle were transported from grazing areas to abattoirs ; and the re-equipment and expansion of the existing export meat-packing plant .
it envisaged the development of other commercial ranches ( albeit government-owned ) ; the provision of credit to a [choice] of pastoral cattle keepers ( for water supplies , improved grazing and other facilities ) ; a great improvement in the system by which cattle were transported from grazing areas to abattoirs ; and the re-equipment and expansion of the existing export meat-packing plant .

You 're the winner of our July competition and will receive a wide selection of goodies from Burton Mc Call including a Karoo tent , a Snowfox sleeping bag and a pair of Trezeta Vajolet leather walking boots .
you 're the winner of our july competition and will receive a wide [choice] of goodies from burton mc call including a karoo tent , a snowfox sleeping bag and a pair of trezeta vajolet leather walking boots .

There 's a generous 21 speed selection to ensure you always find the right gear to suit the terrain .
there 's a generous 21 speed [choice] to ensure you always find the right gear to suit the terrain .

But a Prime Minister 's power of appointment is not limited to the selection of ministers ; equally important is the allocation to Particular posts .
but a prime minister 's power of appointment is not limited to the [choice] of ministers ; equally important is the allocation to particular posts .

Inevitably the early history of anthropology became closely allied to the history of Darwinian evolutionary theory and many controversies which now seem obscure relate to the burning debates surrounding the concept of natural selection .
inevitably the early history of anthropology became closely allied to the history of darwinian evolutionary theory and many controversies which now seem obscure relate to the burning debates surrounding the concept of natural [choice] .

The theory of natural selection meant that natural species could be explained in terms of the conditions necessary for their survival , and it seemed a small further step to explaining human social systems in such terms ; that is , in terms of the ways by which human beings gained their livelihood and reproduced .
the theory of natural [choice] meant that natural species could be explained in terms of the conditions necessary for their survival , and it seemed a small further step to explaining human social systems in such terms ; that is , in terms of the ways by which human beings gained their livelihood and reproduced .

This was very much the implication which was drawn from Darwin 's work by those anthropologists who published immediately after The Origin of Species , so that they enthusiastically talked of natural selection and the survival of the fittest in their outlines of human history .
this was very much the implication which was drawn from darwin 's work by those anthropologists who published immediately after the origin of species , so that they enthusiastically talked of natural [choice] and the survival of the fittest in their outlines of human history .

On the other hand , if Marx , like most of the anthropologists of his time , saw the study of human society as the continuation of biological evolution , he did not , as they did , believe that human historical processes were the same as the processes of natural selection .
on the other hand , if marx , like most of the anthropologists of his time , saw the study of human society as the continuation of biological evolution , he did not , as they did , believe that human historical processes were the same as the processes of natural [choice] .

Since the anthropological material forms an organic whole with the writings of Marx and Engels , and is important for everything they wrote , a somewhat arbitrary selection needs to be made of what to examine in detail .
since the anthropological material forms an organic whole with the writings of marx and engels , and is important for everything they wrote , a somewhat arbitrary [choice] needs to be made of what to examine in detail .

When Engles therefore tries to explain the passage from the second stage to the gens stage he has no theoretical tools to deal with this , and he lamely has to echo Morgan and to explain the passage in Darwinian terms dealing with natural selection .
when engles therefore tries to explain the passage from the second stage to the gens stage he has no theoretical tools to deal with this , and he lamely has to echo morgan and to explain the passage in darwinian terms dealing with natural [choice] .

According to this theory the earlier generational pairing was abandoned because it led to so much inbreeding that people who practised the gens system were genetically more fit for natural selection and therefore survived better .
according to this theory the earlier generational pairing was abandoned because it led to so much inbreeding that people who practised the gens system were genetically more fit for natural [choice] and therefore survived better .

The humour inheres not just in the daffy selection of cultural allusions ( their native French accordion , some flamenco guitar , a few African horns ) but also in the way they take stiff , formal tempi ( waltzes and tangos ) and mockingly squeeze them for their stateliness .
the humour inheres not just in the daffy [choice] of cultural allusions ( their native french accordion , some flamenco guitar , a few african horns ) but also in the way they take stiff , formal tempi ( waltzes and tangos ) and mockingly squeeze them for their stateliness .

Instead of going through several channels to find suitable applicants , companies can simplify the selection process by going through Beaver Recruitment Brokers which will choose candidates drawn from a range of recruitment agencies .
instead of going through several channels to find suitable applicants , companies can simplify the [choice] process by going through beaver recruitment brokers which will choose candidates drawn from a range of recruitment agencies .

, are of major importance in the selection of appropriate packaging .
, are of major importance in the [choice] of appropriate packaging .

Additionally there would be questions relating to horticulture and agriculture in Britain covering a diversity of subjects , from seed selection to estate enterprise .
additionally there would be questions relating to horticulture and agriculture in britain covering a diversity of subjects , from seed [choice] to estate enterprise .

This is merely a random selection to demonstrate the encyclopaedic nature of the work .
this is merely a random [choice] to demonstrate the encyclopaedic nature of the work .

Lists of these were regularly published in the Philosophical Transactions and it is highly probable that Miller , when he was well established at Chelsea , was involved in the selection of these .
lists of these were regularly published in the philosophical transactions and it is highly probable that miller , when he was well established at chelsea , was involved in the [choice] of these .

Later Ehret made many coloured drawings of Chelsea garden plants for his other patron and a selection of these was published in Trew 's Plantae Selectae ( 1750–91 ) .
later ehret made many coloured drawings of chelsea garden plants for his other patron and a [choice] of these was published in trew 's plantae selectae ( 1750–91 ) .

With some encouragement from other quarters plus careful selection of the subject for their first course it should be possible to get a number of these persons to participate .
with some encouragement from other quarters plus careful [choice] of the subject for their first course it should be possible to get a number of these persons to participate .

The timing of some courses was dictated by their subject matter : for example , weed/disease control in cereals , sheep shearing , and lamb selection for sale .
the timing of some courses was dictated by their subject matter : for example , weed/disease control in cereals , sheep shearing , and lamb [choice] for sale .

As with synthetic insecticides , natural selection can throw up a strain of resistant insects .
as with synthetic insecticides , natural [choice] can throw up a strain of resistant insects .

a selection of strains with less than their normal complement of plasmids .
a [choice] of strains with less than their normal complement of plasmids .

While Koch 's helmsmanship and the inconsistent selection of his afterguard have made headlines for yachting writers , it would be a mistake to dismiss him as a rich fool .
while koch 's helmsmanship and the inconsistent [choice] of his afterguard have made headlines for yachting writers , it would be a mistake to dismiss him as a rich fool .

It has 66 courses and 75 hotels , motels and condominiums offering a wide selection of accommodation , with all sorts of deals for the visiting golfer .
it has 66 courses and 75 hotels , motels and condominiums offering a wide [choice] of accommodation , with all sorts of deals for the visiting golfer .

Sail selection .
sail [choice] .

In a programme last year about the selection of candidates for the Staffordshire by-election it was again like what we found in our Chesterfield study .
in a programme last year about the [choice] of candidates for the staffordshire by-election it was again like what we found in our chesterfield study .

Terry Yorath , the Wales manager , is delaying his selection until he has checked on the fitness of Barry Horne , the Southampton midfielder , who has had a knee injury .
terry yorath , the wales manager , is delaying his [choice] until he has checked on the fitness of barry horne , the southampton midfielder , who has had a knee injury .

Smith went on Ireland 's recent tour of North America and the stand-off is now hoping to gain selection for Leinster in a push for a place in the Irish side to face the All Blacks next month .
smith went on ireland 's recent tour of north america and the stand-off is now hoping to gain [choice] for leinster in a push for a place in the irish side to face the all blacks next month .

Ironically , the proliferation of outlets for arts coverage — more quality newspapers , expanded review sections , late night television programmes , local radio chat shows — has brought not a wider , more varied selection of material but an ever more imitative and uniform one .
ironically , the proliferation of outlets for arts coverage — more quality newspapers , expanded review sections , late night television programmes , local radio chat shows — has brought not a wider , more varied [choice] of material but an ever more imitative and uniform one .

Letter : Secrecy in Tory selection process
letter : secrecy in tory [choice] process

Before most aspirants get to a parliamentary selection board , they are vetted by one of the party 's full-time professionals , who submits a secret report .
before most aspirants get to a parliamentary [choice] board , they are vetted by one of the party 's full-time professionals , who submits a secret report .

At no point is any aspect of the selection process subject to democratic scrutiny or approval .
at no point is any aspect of the [choice] process subject to democratic scrutiny or approval .

And there are still useful premiums to be obtained when the breeding , feeding and final selection are correct .
and there are still useful premiums to be obtained when the breeding , feeding and final [choice] are correct .

Latest developments at the all-important nucleus breeding and selection level , and tips on selecting finished lambs for market are just two of the topics covered in this week 's Sheep Supplement .
latest developments at the all-important nucleus breeding and [choice] level , and tips on selecting finished lambs for market are just two of the topics covered in this week 's sheep supplement .

They now claim a 1 % reduction in this disease , compared with an estimated increase of 1.5 % if they had not stuck it in their selection index ( see page 49 ) .
they now claim a 1 % reduction in this disease , compared with an estimated increase of 1.5 % if they had not stuck it in their [choice] index ( see page 49 ) .

Selection for resistance to mastitis and good fertility at the same time as selection for milk yield and quality is proving effective in the dairy cattle population of Norway .
[choice] for resistance to mastitis and good fertility at the same time as [choice] for milk yield and quality is proving effective in the dairy cattle population of norway .

At a Royal Show briefing , Egil Hersleth of the Norwegian Red Cattle Society said that the Norwegians had included mastitis resistance in their selection index for about 20 years , and in that time had reduced its incidence by 1 % in the national herd .
at a royal show briefing , egil hersleth of the norwegian red cattle society said that the norwegians had included mastitis resistance in their [choice] index for about 20 years , and in that time had reduced its incidence by 1 % in the national herd .

Prof King predicts that those crossbreds will perform well because of the Norwegian selection procedure .
prof king predicts that those crossbreds will perform well because of the norwegian [choice] procedure .

They will be drawn from the top 50 % of the lean selection index of each of the seven participating flocks and given a full veterinary inspection before the sale .
they will be drawn from the top 50 % of the lean [choice] index of each of the seven participating flocks and given a full veterinary inspection before the sale .

Clutchless selection by switch or lever keeps the outfit rolling , while de-clutching usually means a stop if load is heavy , eg in draught work .
clutchless [choice] by switch or lever keeps the outfit rolling , while de-clutching usually means a stop if load is heavy , eg in draught work .

The knack of outline planting is to arrange a selection of these shapes in groups that are pleasing to the eye .
the knack of outline planting is to arrange a [choice] of these shapes in groups that are pleasing to the eye .

Rose selection
rose [choice]

No selection of prickly perennials would be complete without Acanthus spinosus .
no [choice] of prickly perennials would be complete without acanthus spinosus .

However , a selection of your questions will be answered on these pages each month .
however , a [choice] of your questions will be answered on these pages each month .

With different guests every week and a wide selection of subject matter , Ric aims to please as many listeners as possible .
with different guests every week and a wide [choice] of subject matter , ric aims to please as many listeners as possible .

Dwarf bulbs Ann Swithinbank 's selection
dwarf bulbs ann swithinbank 's [choice]

He filled in most of the coupons again and got a further selection of condoms , Bob Martin 's and catalogues .
he filled in most of the coupons again and got a further [choice] of condoms , bob martin 's and catalogues .

Among the comprehensive selection of mini-suites are ‘ Panama : Cowabunga Noriega With Jimi Hendrix And Bobby Fuller ’ and ‘ Sayonara Strangeways To The Eclectic Sounds Of Richard Wagner and Des O'Connor ’ .
among the comprehensive [choice] of mini-suites are ‘ panama : cowabunga noriega with jimi hendrix and bobby fuller ’ and ‘ sayonara strangeways to the eclectic sounds of richard wagner and des o'connor ’ .

As Robert Blake has confirmed , he helped to rebuild the organization of the Conservative Party and to make it more a party of the people by reorganizing the central Office of the party and by encouraging local parties to at least consider the selection of working-class candidates .
as robert blake has confirmed , he helped to rebuild the organization of the conservative party and to make it more a party of the people by reorganizing the central office of the party and by encouraging local parties to at least consider the [choice] of working-class candidates .

There was a posy of pale spring flowers wrapped in damp newspaper to keep them fresh , a bag of potatoes tied with bristly twine , six eggs in a carton , carrots unearthed from the sandheap in which they had lain stored against invasion of the wire-worm , and a selection of dessert apples , no mere windfalls but blemish-free bests , each polished to a rosy sheen by Loopy Lil .
there was a posy of pale spring flowers wrapped in damp newspaper to keep them fresh , a bag of potatoes tied with bristly twine , six eggs in a carton , carrots unearthed from the sandheap in which they had lain stored against invasion of the wire-worm , and a [choice] of dessert apples , no mere windfalls but blemish-free bests , each polished to a rosy sheen by loopy lil .

Both Fort and Corrie offer a good selection , but one of the niftiest is the Haemmerlin Bag-Barrow which has a support hoop for keeping a dustbin liner upright , which makes collecting refuse a lot easier — price £27.50 ( including 10 bags ) .
both fort and corrie offer a good [choice] , but one of the niftiest is the haemmerlin bag-barrow which has a support hoop for keeping a dustbin liner upright , which makes collecting refuse a lot easier — price £27.50 ( including 10 bags ) .

Many hot-spot plants are aromatic and , since patios and terraces are usually paved , this quality can be enhanced by allowing plants to trail or spill on to flagstones — which get hot in the sunshine — so that the aromatic oils which give them their scent are literally vaporised and perfume the air . Here 's a selection for special aroma :
many hot-spot plants are aromatic and , since patios and terraces are usually paved , this quality can be enhanced by allowing plants to trail or spill on to flagstones — which get hot in the sunshine — so that the aromatic oils which give them their scent are literally vaporised and perfume the air . here 's a [choice] for special aroma :

My idea of heaven is a warm sunny day , a varied selection of blossoming fuchsias and Nat King Cole singing ‘ Dance Ballerina , Dance ’ .
my idea of heaven is a warm sunny day , a varied [choice] of blossoming fuchsias and nat king cole singing ‘ dance ballerina , dance ’ .

From the loudspeakers on the corner pillars came a selection of popular songs by Gracie Fields .
from the loudspeakers on the corner pillars came a [choice] of popular songs by gracie fields .

When in 1859 Charles Darwin published The Origins of Species , he had no intention of implying that random mutation of genes and natural selection could account for the emergence of life on earth ; but it was inevitable that some of his followers would try to project his hypothesis backwards , and speculate that life might somehow have been generated spontaneously in gaseous , primeval slime .
when in 1859 charles darwin published the origins of species , he had no intention of implying that random mutation of genes and natural [choice] could account for the emergence of life on earth ; but it was inevitable that some of his followers would try to project his hypothesis backwards , and speculate that life might somehow have been generated spontaneously in gaseous , primeval slime .

Metal properties and selection
metal properties and [choice]

9.4 Brass gold-weights made by the Ashanti people of Ghana : ( a ) far right shows a ‘ figurative ’ type ( length 106 mm ) , and ( b ) above shows a selection of six ‘ geometric ’ types .
9.4 brass gold-weights made by the ashanti people of ghana : ( a ) far right shows a ‘ figurative ’ type ( length 106 mm ) , and ( b ) above shows a [choice] of six ‘ geometric ’ types .

However , the enormous diversity of objects within and between the collections does mean that a degree of flexibility is necessary to provide a sensible selection of fields that reflect the variation in object type .
however , the enormous diversity of objects within and between the collections does mean that a degree of flexibility is necessary to provide a sensible [choice] of fields that reflect the variation in object type .

Whilst humans could eat meat , they could only do so after careful selection and preparation of the animal ( Lev .
whilst humans could eat meat , they could only do so after careful [choice] and preparation of the animal ( lev .

Since the economic advantages are overwhelming and a greater and more expert level of service can be expected it is appropriate and justifiable to spend some time on supplier selection .
since the economic advantages are overwhelming and a greater and more expert level of service can be expected it is appropriate and justifiable to spend some time on supplier [choice] .

The successful conclusion of this activity yields a list of tasks undertaken with details relevant to chemical selection .
the successful conclusion of this activity yields a list of tasks undertaken with details relevant to chemical [choice] .

Finally each choice is reassessed against all criteria to verify selection .
finally each choice is reassessed against all criteria to verify [choice] .

General areas of intended use can be included , as a cross check , in case of errors in selection .
general areas of intended use can be included , as a cross check , in case of errors in [choice] .

The invitation should make it clear that a selection procedure is in progress and that all that is required are details , including prices and , if appropriate , samples of products for evaluation , the result of which might be an invitation to conduct trials .
the invitation should make it clear that a [choice] procedure is in progress and that all that is required are details , including prices and , if appropriate , samples of products for evaluation , the result of which might be an invitation to conduct trials .

Submissions made by suppliers may well be greater in number than can be handled for trial , so selection is needed to produce a short-list .
submissions made by suppliers may well be greater in number than can be handled for trial , so [choice] is needed to produce a short-list .

Adequate recruitment criteria and searching selection procedures are vital as is subsequent motivation and training .
adequate recruitment criteria and searching [choice] procedures are vital as is subsequent motivation and training .

Check all functions are operating correctly by pressing each selection button in sequence then close the cabinet and wipe the exterior .
check all functions are operating correctly by pressing each [choice] button in sequence then close the cabinet and wipe the exterior .

Alternatively a selection of specific solvents could be tried .
alternatively a [choice] of specific solvents could be tried .

Nick 's stunning selection of fashion photographs , taken while on location in Miami , certainly enforce his feeling that Miami is the place to be as a fashion photographer .
nick 's stunning [choice] of fashion photographs , taken while on location in miami , certainly enforce his feeling that miami is the place to be as a fashion photographer .

In addition to the book a selection of the images will be on view at the Barbican , Level 3 until 11 August and afterwards from 12 August to 2 September at the Thorndike Theatre , Leatherhead , Surrey .
in addition to the book a [choice] of the images will be on view at the barbican , level 3 until 11 august and afterwards from 12 august to 2 september at the thorndike theatre , leatherhead , surrey .

The selection criteria of children is laid down by the government department appropriate to education and health .
the [choice] criteria of children is laid down by the government department appropriate to education and health .

Gerhard Richter , to complement the Tate Gallery 's retrospective on the artist , the Institut will show a selection of work which includes watercolours , photographs and some early ‘ photo paintings ’ ( until 8 Feb ) .
gerhard richter , to complement the tate gallery 's retrospective on the artist , the institut will show a [choice] of work which includes watercolours , photographs and some early ‘ photo paintings ’ ( until 8 feb ) .

Other exhibitions at 66 Portland Place this autumn include ‘ Architecture in Detail ’ , a selection of recent photographs by Richard Bryant on show 2–12 October .
other exhibitions at 66 portland place this autumn include ‘ architecture in detail ’ , a [choice] of recent photographs by richard bryant on show 2–12 october .

Other changes of emphasis , after a quarter of a century , reflect a more general appreciation of townscape — a larger selection of minor eighteenth- and nineteenth-century structures is included , an increased interest in gardens , and a new introductory chapter by Neil Wright records the growth in the study of industrial archaeology .
other changes of emphasis , after a quarter of a century , reflect a more general appreciation of townscape — a larger [choice] of minor eighteenth- and nineteenth-century structures is included , an increased interest in gardens , and a new introductory chapter by neil wright records the growth in the study of industrial archaeology .

The steel frame can be supplied in a selection of colours .
the steel frame can be supplied in a [choice] of colours .

’ The picture editor spread out a selection of shots of Richard and Harley entwined on the dance floor at various nightclubs .
’ the picture editor spread out a [choice] of shots of richard and harley entwined on the dance floor at various nightclubs .

She decided that ruffles were the most effective camouflage and to her delight Martha was attired in a selection of white frilled dresses with petticoats .
she decided that ruffles were the most effective camouflage and to her delight martha was attired in a [choice] of white frilled dresses with petticoats .

He shows his annoyance with some intimidating facial expression , backed up by a sparse selection of adjectival punctuation invariably using the ‘ f ’ word , which he uses with considerable effect .
he shows his annoyance with some intimidating facial expression , backed up by a sparse [choice] of adjectival punctuation invariably using the ‘ f ’ word , which he uses with considerable effect .

He was also responsible for bringing in Lazlo Kovaks , the cinematographer whose filming of the American landscape brought untold dimensions to the movie itself ; he also joined later in the selection of another of the film 's major plus-points — the magnificent scoring and numbers performed by Steppenwolf , the Byrds , the Jimi Hendrix Experience , the Electric Prunes , Electric Flag , the Band , the Holy Mondal Rounders , Fraternity of Man , Little Eva and Roger McGuin .
he was also responsible for bringing in lazlo kovaks , the cinematographer whose filming of the american landscape brought untold dimensions to the movie itself ; he also joined later in the [choice] of another of the film 's major plus-points — the magnificent scoring and numbers performed by steppenwolf , the byrds , the jimi hendrix experience , the electric prunes , electric flag , the band , the holy mondal rounders , fraternity of man , little eva and roger mcguin .

Reading was and is one of his absorbing pleasures and on the bookshelves in the winter of 1971 and 1972 were : The Complete Works of Marcel Duchamp , Shakespeare , Jules Feiffer 's Harry the Rat with Women , The Primal Scream , a selection of Hermann Hesse , Edgar Cayce on Reincarnation and The Group Sex Tapes .
reading was and is one of his absorbing pleasures and on the bookshelves in the winter of 1971 and 1972 were : the complete works of marcel duchamp , shakespeare , jules feiffer 's harry the rat with women , the primal scream , a [choice] of hermann hesse , edgar cayce on reincarnation and the group sex tapes .

His substantial album collection contained a varied selection , including the Rolling Stones , Dylan , Cat Stevens , George Harrison 's All Things Must Pass , Strauss waltzes recorded by Fritz Reiner , and Rimsky-Korsakov 's Greatest Hits .
his substantial album collection contained a varied [choice] , including the rolling stones , dylan , cat stevens , george harrison 's all things must pass , strauss waltzes recorded by fritz reiner , and rimsky-korsakov 's greatest hits .

In most other parliaments , members have allotted places and , as soon as a member is called , as the author has seen in some of the Canadian legislatures , computerized selection of the name focuses the camera automatically on him or her , and also adds relevant information ( name , party , constituency , etc . )
in most other parliaments , members have allotted places and , as soon as a member is called , as the author has seen in some of the canadian legislatures , computerized [choice] of the name focuses the camera automatically on him or her , and also adds relevant information ( name , party , constituency , etc . )

Sound recording of debates in the House leaves very little room for editorial choice ( as opposed to selection of what is broadcast ) .
sound recording of debates in the house leaves very little room for editorial choice ( as opposed to [choice] of what is broadcast ) .

It is totally different for visual recording , where a selection has to be made from a great range of possible pictures .
it is totally different for visual recording , where a [choice] has to be made from a great range of possible pictures .

Significantly , this has meant that every Tuesday and Thursday some business after Questions has had live coverage , outside editorial control or selection ; the effect of this on the work of the House is discussed below .
significantly , this has meant that every tuesday and thursday some business after questions has had live coverage , outside editorial control or [choice] ; the effect of this on the work of the house is discussed below .

Much of the anxiety among Members , particularly the opponents of televising , arose from fears that the broadcasters would not preserve a proper balance in their selection of matter to be covered and that they would , in their desire to present newsworthy stories , distort the public presentation of the House .
much of the anxiety among members , particularly the opponents of televising , arose from fears that the broadcasters would not preserve a proper balance in their [choice] of matter to be covered and that they would , in their desire to present newsworthy stories , distort the public presentation of the house .

Such a dedicated channel would also be my preference , though no doubt selection would have to continue for committee coverage , and selected extracts would still be used on news and review programmes .
such a dedicated channel would also be my preference , though no doubt [choice] would have to continue for committee coverage , and selected extracts would still be used on news and review programmes .

Even before his defeat some senior Tories in the constituency were blaming the selection of a black candidate for the lost seat , but immediately afterwards one constituency officer insisted they would be asking Mr Taylor to fight again .
even before his defeat some senior tories in the constituency were blaming the [choice] of a black candidate for the lost seat , but immediately afterwards one constituency officer insisted they would be asking mr taylor to fight again .

The selection of Mr Taylor , 39 , was challenged at the time by a section of the local Tory party , with Mr Bill Galbraith , a 55-year-old publisher , leading the criticism with a reference to the candidate as ‘ a bloody nigger ’ .
the [choice] of mr taylor , 39 , was challenged at the time by a section of the local tory party , with mr bill galbraith , a 55-year-old publisher , leading the criticism with a reference to the candidate as ‘ a bloody nigger ’ .

Strong and stocky at 6ft , Bryson narrowly missed selection for the World Cup after being named in South Africa 's short list of 20 .
strong and stocky at 6ft , bryson narrowly missed [choice] for the world cup after being named in south africa 's short list of 20 .

Bowls clubs abound , and for the golfer there is a good selection of courses , ranging from parkland courses inland to some truly great links , particularly along the northern coast .
bowls clubs abound , and for the golfer there is a good [choice] of courses , ranging from parkland courses inland to some truly great links , particularly along the northern coast .

Would Coker , Australia 's World Cup No 8 , be back for the Pilkington final on May 2 or would selection requirements 12,000 miles away take precedence ?
would coker , australia 's world cup no 8 , be back for the pilkington final on may 2 or would [choice] requirements 12,000 miles away take precedence ?

For independent advice where the adviser is making a selection from all the products on offer , the investor may prefer to seek an adviser authorised by the Financial Intermediaries Managers and Brokers Regulatory Association .
for independent advice where the adviser is making a [choice] from all the products on offer , the investor may prefer to seek an adviser authorised by the financial intermediaries managers and brokers regulatory association .

Rugby 's poacher turned gamekeeper , while having twice declined England bench selection , has never lightly turned his back .
rugby 's poacher turned gamekeeper , while having twice declined england bench [choice] , has never lightly turned his back .

There is still ample talent for England , given sensible selection , to demonstrate that they do possess organised strength in depth and that the national structure , so precarious in other years , has a substantial base .
there is still ample talent for england , given sensible [choice] , to demonstrate that they do possess organised strength in depth and that the national structure , so precarious in other years , has a substantial base .

The three latest surveys — the third , by Audience Selection gave Labour 38 per cent , the Tories 35 and the Liberal Democrats 23 — give Mr Ashdown the support of more than 20 per cent of the electorate and suggest that his party is continuing to take support almost equally from Labour and the Conservatives , writes Anthony King .
the three latest surveys — the third , by audience [choice] gave labour 38 per cent , the tories 35 and the liberal democrats 23 — give mr ashdown the support of more than 20 per cent of the electorate and suggest that his party is continuing to take support almost equally from labour and the conservatives , writes anthony king .

But beers are his real passion and around two years ago he began filling his shelves with an ever-increasing selection .
but beers are his real passion and around two years ago he began filling his shelves with an ever-increasing [choice] .

Although we did n't try them , a selection of brushes is also available .
although we did n't try them , a [choice] of brushes is also available .

Blade fitting and a selection of blades available
blade fitting and a [choice] of blades available

It is impossible to understand why Eliot should have excluded the ‘ Propertius ’ from his selection of Pound 's work . The plea of its difficulty will not hold , for as a consummation is always simpler than a beginning , the ‘ Propertius ’ is certainly much simpler than some of Pound 's shorter earlier works whose content is sometimes elusive , tenuous , evanescent …
it is impossible to understand why eliot should have excluded the ‘ propertius ’ from his [choice] of pound 's work . the plea of its difficulty will not hold , for as a consummation is always simpler than a beginning , the ‘ propertius ’ is certainly much simpler than some of pound 's shorter earlier works whose content is sometimes elusive , tenuous , evanescent …

Using the menu system , which can itself be modified to give pop-up , pull-down , or first letter selection of options , the colour scheme can be selected from a choice of four .
using the menu system , which can itself be modified to give pop-up , pull-down , or first letter [choice] of options , the colour scheme can be selected from a choice of four .

In all of these processes , table or graphic , a Micro-Soft-compatible mouse can be used for screen navigation , graphic manipulation help screen calls , item selection , and menu operation .
in all of these processes , table or graphic , a micro-soft-compatible mouse can be used for screen navigation , graphic manipulation help screen calls , item [choice] , and menu operation .

John Hayes , secretary-general of the Law Society , said the advantages ought to apply to all solicitors and the board should not seek to produce artificial criteria for selection .
john hayes , secretary-general of the law society , said the advantages ought to apply to all solicitors and the board should not seek to produce artificial criteria for [choice] .

He hoped to surpass Cram 's fastest mile time of the year to remove the last argument against his own selection , but after two laps of inadequate pacing , he was never in prospect .
he hoped to surpass cram 's fastest mile time of the year to remove the last argument against his own [choice] , but after two laps of inadequate pacing , he was never in prospect .

Another English selection for the team event , Jason Nicolle , the British Under-23 champion , also came through , winning 15-9 , 15-11 , 17-15 against Florian Possl , the West German who recently beat the England No. 1 Del Harris in New Zealand .
another english [choice] for the team event , jason nicolle , the british under-23 champion , also came through , winning 15-9 , 15-11 , 17-15 against florian possl , the west german who recently beat the england no. 1 del harris in new zealand .

The selection of dancers is also made easier because dancers full roughly into four categories ( see page 51 ) which are determined by individual characteristics and abilities .
the [choice] of dancers is also made easier because dancers full roughly into four categories ( see page 51 ) which are determined by individual characteristics and abilities .

Judo : Stevens justifies selection .
judo : stevens justifies [choice] .

Another international , who preferred to remain anonymous , claimed that two thirds of the top 24 would have gone on strike had they been asked , and that a players ' union will soon be formed to help deal with matters such as prize money , rankings , training and selection .
another international , who preferred to remain anonymous , claimed that two thirds of the top 24 would have gone on strike had they been asked , and that a players ' union will soon be formed to help deal with matters such as prize money , rankings , training and [choice] .

No longer used for England selection purposes , the event has been trimmed , condensed and diminished , and apart from upholding a vestige of regional pride is now becoming lost in the mists of tradition .
no longer used for england [choice] purposes , the event has been trimmed , condensed and diminished , and apart from upholding a vestige of regional pride is now becoming lost in the mists of tradition .

Another international , who preferred to remain anonymous , claimed that two thirds of the top 24 would have gone on strike had they been asked , and that a players ' union will soon be formed to help deal with matters such as prize money , rankings , training and selection .
another international , who preferred to remain anonymous , claimed that two thirds of the top 24 would have gone on strike had they been asked , and that a players ' union will soon be formed to help deal with matters such as prize money , rankings , training and [choice] .

No longer used for England selection purposes , the event has been trimmed , condensed and diminished , and apart from upholding a vestige of regional pride is now becoming lost in the mists of tradition .
no longer used for england [choice] purposes , the event has been trimmed , condensed and diminished , and apart from upholding a vestige of regional pride is now becoming lost in the mists of tradition .

This theory has it that , as a breed , doctors like to be masters of every possible situation , and that this may even be a factor in their selection of medicine as a career .
this theory has it that , as a breed , doctors like to be masters of every possible situation , and that this may even be a factor in their [choice] of medicine as a career .

For a random selection of 20 crops , the score was 5 .
for a random [choice] of 20 crops , the score was 5 .

‘ The only way to resolve this problem is for the leadership to announce its intention to propose rule changes for next year 's party conference to introduce straight , undiluted one member , one vote for the selection of party candidates , ’ it added .
‘ the only way to resolve this problem is for the leadership to announce its intention to propose rule changes for next year 's party conference to introduce straight , undiluted one member , one vote for the [choice] of party candidates , ’ it added .

Firstly , there could be a tendency to go for the ‘ lowest skill ’ option in the selection of new technology , in order to reduce training costs and to ensure that existing employees can cope .
firstly , there could be a tendency to go for the ‘ lowest skill ’ option in the [choice] of new technology , in order to reduce training costs and to ensure that existing employees can cope .

Judo : Stevens justifies selection .
judo : stevens justifies [choice] .

The 24-year-old Birchfield Harrier failed to win selection for Auckland and has turned his attention instead to the European Indoor Championships to be held in Glasgow in early March .
the 24-year-old birchfield harrier failed to win [choice] for auckland and has turned his attention instead to the european indoor championships to be held in glasgow in early march .

Sit on the floor in the library , look at the books from a child 's level — are they interesting , would you be tempted to take one home if you were a child ? Involve the children in the selection of books for the library by asking the school 's library service or a book shop to regularly send along a large range of new titles on a sale or return basis and let the children have a say in what 's bought on their behalf .
sit on the floor in the library , look at the books from a child 's level — are they interesting , would you be tempted to take one home if you were a child ? involve the children in the [choice] of books for the library by asking the school 's library service or a book shop to regularly send along a large range of new titles on a sale or return basis and let the children have a say in what 's bought on their behalf .

Lunch time supervisors are important members of the staff team and they need careful selection and training if they are to carry out their jobs properly .
lunch time supervisors are important members of the staff team and they need careful [choice] and training if they are to carry out their jobs properly .

Current computers rely on a selection of memory devices .
current computers rely on a [choice] of memory devices .

Other exemplary chapters include an examination of the underlying physical and chemical factors controlling leaf selection ( herbivory ) by the attine genus Acromyrmex and a novel — perhaps unique — investigation into the foraging patterns of the Argentine ant ( Iridomyrmex humilis ) as a self-organising system .
other exemplary chapters include an examination of the underlying physical and chemical factors controlling leaf [choice] ( herbivory ) by the attine genus acromyrmex and a novel — perhaps unique — investigation into the foraging patterns of the argentine ant ( iridomyrmex humilis ) as a self-organising system .

The popular Country House selection appears in the catalogue , with many new items exclusive to the mail-order shopper .
the popular country house [choice] appears in the catalogue , with many new items exclusive to the mail-order shopper .

The patient was thin , desired salt , and has other symptoms allowing the selection of Nat .
the patient was thin , desired salt , and has other symptoms allowing the [choice] of nat .

The facts behind the selection of poems for the first volume may prove elusive .
the facts behind the [choice] of poems for the first volume may prove elusive .

• Media work has a particular significance , leading naturally to discussion of how spoken language and visual accompaniment are interpreted ; this leads to an understanding of the processes of selection , omission and editing which take place when any programme is prepared .
• media work has a particular significance , leading naturally to discussion of how spoken language and visual accompaniment are interpreted ; this leads to an understanding of the processes of [choice] , omission and editing which take place when any programme is prepared .

Make a selection from a range of reference materials , using their information retrieval skills to identify key points .
make a [choice] from a range of reference materials , using their information retrieval skills to identify key points .

Make an independent selection from a comprehensive range of reference materials , eg encyclopaedia , adult dictionary or data bank , retrieve information from them using techniques such as skim-reading ; and synthesise information from different parts of a text or different texts .
make an independent [choice] from a comprehensive range of reference materials , eg encyclopaedia , adult dictionary or data bank , retrieve information from them using techniques such as skim-reading ; and synthesise information from different parts of a text or different texts .

Make an independent and discriminating selection from a range of reference materials ; retrieve information from them using techniques such as skim-reading ; evaluate and synthesise information from different parts of a text or different texts .
make an independent and discriminating [choice] from a range of reference materials ; retrieve information from them using techniques such as skim-reading ; evaluate and synthesise information from different parts of a text or different texts .

Make an independent and discriminating selection from a range of reference materials ; retrieve information from them using techniques such as skim-reading ; evaluate and synthesise information from different parts of a text or different texts .
make an independent and discriminating [choice] from a range of reference materials ; retrieve information from them using techniques such as skim-reading ; evaluate and synthesise information from different parts of a text or different texts .

Make an independent and discriminating selection from a range of reference materials ; retrieve information from them using techniques such as skim-reading ; evaluate and synthesise information from different parts of a text or different texts .
make an independent and discriminating [choice] from a range of reference materials ; retrieve information from them using techniques such as skim-reading ; evaluate and synthesise information from different parts of a text or different texts .

have opportunities to participate in all activities related to reading , eg preparing and reading a selection of poems , or reciting some from memory , or taking part in storytelling sessions or dramatic activities ;
have opportunities to participate in all activities related to reading , eg preparing and reading a [choice] of poems , or reciting some from memory , or taking part in storytelling sessions or dramatic activities ;

It could include the use of miscue analysis based on a passage of narrative , drawn from a selection of varying levels of difficulty .
it could include the use of miscue analysis based on a passage of narrative , drawn from a [choice] of varying levels of difficulty .

We do , however , state our criteria for the selection of books , and we refer to some book guides which teachers may find helpful .
we do , however , state our criteria for the [choice] of books , and we refer to some book guides which teachers may find helpful .

Since the remaining land was not sufficient to accommodate all the 75,000 beneficiaries of Chilean agrarian reform , the military regime started a selection process .
since the remaining land was not sufficient to accommodate all the 75,000 beneficiaries of chilean agrarian reform , the military regime started a [choice] process .

( iv ) Individuals choose to belong to national groups ( even if the oppressing force reduces the range of choice to a very narrow one ) and do so as the selection of a strategy for action , not the passive recognition of some primordial ordering .
( iv ) individuals choose to belong to national groups ( even if the oppressing force reduces the range of choice to a very narrow one ) and do so as the [choice] of a strategy for action , not the passive recognition of some primordial ordering .

No such right generally applied to the rest . The selection of those who might have the right varied according to immediate tactics but , in general , Engels reserved his most withering scorn — and violent prejudice — for ‘ non-historical peoples ’ ,
no such right generally applied to the rest . the [choice] of those who might have the right varied according to immediate tactics but , in general , engels reserved his most withering scorn — and violent prejudice — for ‘ non-historical peoples ’ ,

Until then all club selection had been done — and still is by some of the old-stagers — by the ‘ eyeballing ’ method .
until then all club [choice] had been done — and still is by some of the old-stagers — by the ‘ eyeballing ’ method .

So Sarazen took on a young caddie , who , it transpired , seemed to do all the things that even the caddies of today would not dream of doing , like pulling the clubs without consultation with Sarazen , and then , if the club did not work , telling Sarazen he had just hit a bad shot — it was not his club selection at fault .
so sarazen took on a young caddie , who , it transpired , seemed to do all the things that even the caddies of today would not dream of doing , like pulling the clubs without consultation with sarazen , and then , if the club did not work , telling sarazen he had just hit a bad shot — it was not his club [choice] at fault .

The migrating cells may be made up of a mixture of all the different cell types in immature form , that go to all the sites and a particular type survives only if it arrives at an appropriate site — a sort of cell selection .
the migrating cells may be made up of a mixture of all the different cell types in immature form , that go to all the sites and a particular type survives only if it arrives at an appropriate site — a sort of cell [choice] .

Evidence for the third possibility , cell selection , comes from regrafting cells that have already migrated and begun to differentiate , to the site of neural crest formation in a younger embryo .
evidence for the third possibility , cell [choice] , comes from regrafting cells that have already migrated and begun to differentiate , to the site of neural crest formation in a younger embryo .

He was in favour of comprehensive schools , disliking selection once and for all for one sort of education or another at ‘ this frankly absurdly early age of 11 + ’ , and disliking also the social divisiveness of middle-class and working-class children going to different schools .
he was in favour of comprehensive schools , disliking [choice] once and for all for one sort of education or another at ‘ this frankly absurdly early age of 11 + ’ , and disliking also the social divisiveness of middle-class and working-class children going to different schools .

There was still much confused thinking , at least until the early 1960s , about selection .
there was still much confused thinking , at least until the early 1960s , about [choice] .

If there was to be selection then some would inevitably be selected out of the grammar school class .
if there was to be [choice] then some would inevitably be selected out of the grammar school class .

There were various more or less half-hearted attempts to get over the finality of this selection .
there were various more or less half-hearted attempts to get over the finality of this [choice] .

Those who advocated it argued that it was of no use to abolish selection at 11 + , in the name of justice and fairness , and then reintroduce selection a few months later , by streaming children once at school .
those who advocated it argued that it was of no use to abolish [choice] at 11 + , in the name of justice and fairness , and then reintroduce [choice] a few months later , by streaming children once at school .

What employers or universities and polytechnics want of people is encapsulated in the public examinations system , and selection of school-leavers is made predominantly on examination results .
what employers or universities and polytechnics want of people is encapsulated in the public examinations system , and [choice] of school-leavers is made predominantly on examination results .

Teachers within each school should be trained to make their own formal reports on their pupils , and these should form the basis of selection , whether by employers or by universities and polytechnics .
teachers within each school should be trained to make their own formal reports on their pupils , and these should form the basis of [choice] , whether by employers or by universities and polytechnics .

Orientation operates in much the same way as the intelligence test used to … its particular value being that its apparent scientific objectivity made it an excellent means of justifying selection .
orientation operates in much the same way as the intelligence test used to … its particular value being that its apparent scientific objectivity made it an excellent means of justifying [choice] .

For the patient with figure-ground perceptual problems this selection and identification process is virtually impossible .
for the patient with figure-ground perceptual problems this [choice] and identification process is virtually impossible .

This selection also includes several episodes not dealt with in the first half of this book , but which are an integral part of El Cid 's legend .
this [choice] also includes several episodes not dealt with in the first half of this book , but which are an integral part of el cid 's legend .

The headings of the sections and the linking passages were created especially for inclusion in this selection , but the spellings and names are those used in the original extracts .
the headings of the sections and the linking passages were created especially for inclusion in this [choice] , but the spellings and names are those used in the original extracts .

We set out from Spean Bridge , where numerous coach parties enjoy real Highland hospitality in the Little Chef , before choosing from a rich selection of tartan travel rugs and heather-perfumed candles in the gift shop , and chugged our way up past Corriechoille farm .
we set out from spean bridge , where numerous coach parties enjoy real highland hospitality in the little chef , before choosing from a rich [choice] of tartan travel rugs and heather-perfumed candles in the gift shop , and chugged our way up past corriechoille farm .

The selection of the correct key added on another minute or so and Sandison could only look on feeling helpless and frustrated .
the [choice] of the correct key added on another minute or so and sandison could only look on feeling helpless and frustrated .

Their guests , Michael and Helen , took an hour and forty minutes to eat the repast , which began with pasta dressed in sour cream and lumpfish roe and incorporated mature Tilseter cheese ( before the pudding ) and a selection of hand-crafted miniature biscuits ( with the coffee ) bought from the Viennese coffee-house on the other side of the railway bridge .
their guests , michael and helen , took an hour and forty minutes to eat the repast , which began with pasta dressed in sour cream and lumpfish roe and incorporated mature tilseter cheese ( before the pudding ) and a [choice] of hand-crafted miniature biscuits ( with the coffee ) bought from the viennese coffee-house on the other side of the railway bridge .

But by focusing on a particular selection of empirical evidence , the book seems to shift the blame from the poor and the underclass to women and to their lack of available , acceptable marriage partners .
but by focusing on a particular [choice] of empirical evidence , the book seems to shift the blame from the poor and the underclass to women and to their lack of available , acceptable marriage partners .

The main selection for the NatWest is also the main selection for the Championship .
the main [choice] for the natwest is also the main [choice] for the championship .

There was more than the selection of the team to the boycott of a Test match by a people to whom the game has always been almost as precious as life itself but it again highlighted the fragile nature of West Indies cricket .
there was more than the [choice] of the team to the boycott of a test match by a people to whom the game has always been almost as precious as life itself but it again highlighted the fragile nature of west indies cricket .

It may sound surprising therefore that the problem of sex selection before birth has still not been solved , nor is it likely that it will be solved for natural conceptions in the foreseeable future .
it may sound surprising therefore that the problem of sex [choice] before birth has still not been solved , nor is it likely that it will be solved for natural conceptions in the foreseeable future .

Also new farm shop including Liberty goods and woollens loft with large selection of designer knitwear .
also new farm shop including liberty goods and woollens loft with large [choice] of designer knitwear .

The Centre offers an excellent selection of quality goods in restored farm buildings .
the centre offers an excellent [choice] of quality goods in restored farm buildings .

This guide lists a selection of places to visit in and around Northampton with opening times and admission charges for 1992 .
this guide lists a [choice] of places to visit in and around northampton with opening times and admission charges for 1992 .

An invitation to glimpse behind the scenes from a diverse selection of Northamptonshire businesses and public sector organisations .
an invitation to glimpse behind the scenes from a diverse [choice] of northamptonshire businesses and public sector organisations .

Some are well prepared and have taken the trouble to find out how to conduct a selection interview , especially if they are highly trained personnel officers .
some are well prepared and have taken the trouble to find out how to conduct a [choice] interview , especially if they are highly trained personnel officers .

Below is a selection of questions you might like to ask , either during the interview or when invited to do so by the interviewer .
below is a [choice] of questions you might like to ask , either during the interview or when invited to do so by the interviewer .

Poor selection is largely the result of poor interviewing techniques .
poor [choice] is largely the result of poor interviewing techniques .

The two important , and possibly conflicting elements to be borne in mind are , who knows most about what the job involves and who is most skilled at the process of selection interviewing .
the two important , and possibly conflicting elements to be borne in mind are , who knows most about what the job involves and who is most skilled at the process of [choice] interviewing .

It is only sensible that the person for whom the candidate will be working ( and who therefore probably knows best what is needed ) , should be involved in the selection .
it is only sensible that the person for whom the candidate will be working ( and who therefore probably knows best what is needed ) , should be involved in the [choice] .

Take advice , and use whatever method you think will be most effective in attracting the right sort of people along for interview , so that you will be making a selection from a number of genuinely suitable candidates .
take advice , and use whatever method you think will be most effective in attracting the right sort of people along for interview , so that you will be making a [choice] from a number of genuinely suitable candidates .

They are documents of record , and they provide basic information for an initial selection or ‘ interview ’ .
they are documents of record , and they provide basic information for an initial [choice] or ‘ interview ’ .

In this book we are dealing with the second function ; application forms as a means of making an initial selection .
in this book we are dealing with the second function ; application forms as a means of making an initial [choice] .

’ Private/domestic employers will not usually need to use application forms , although they should use letters of application to make a preliminary comparison and selection of candidates , rather as though they were using application forms .
’ private/domestic employers will not usually need to use application forms , although they should use letters of application to make a preliminary comparison and [choice] of candidates , rather as though they were using application forms .

Of course you can make a preliminary selection using c.v.s compiled by the applicants themselves , but this allows candidates to present information in a way which suits them .
of course you can make a preliminary [choice] using c.v.s compiled by the applicants themselves , but this allows candidates to present information in a way which suits them .

This may not be feasible where there is a very large number of candidates , but if people have got through the original application forms stage of selection it will be worth making an effort to see them in person .
this may not be feasible where there is a very large number of candidates , but if people have got through the original application forms stage of [choice] it will be worth making an effort to see them in person .

Tell the candidate what is happening at the next stage in the selection and/or the date when you will be letting people know your decision .
tell the candidate what is happening at the next stage in the [choice] and/or the date when you will be letting people know your decision .

To gain the maximum benefit from each interview ( if you are aiming to learn a proper selection technique rather than treat each interview selection as a one-off event ) you should do a thorough follow-up .
to gain the maximum benefit from each interview ( if you are aiming to learn a proper [choice] technique rather than treat each interview [choice] as a one-off event ) you should do a thorough follow-up .

This means keeping all the paperwork relevant to the successful candidate , including the job/personnel specifications , the advertisement used and most especially the notes you yourself made during the interview , immediately afterward and while making the final selection .
this means keeping all the paperwork relevant to the successful candidate , including the job/personnel specifications , the advertisement used and most especially the notes you yourself made during the interview , immediately afterward and while making the final [choice] .

If you have ended up with an unsatisfactory employee the chances are there was a flaw in your selection procedure .
if you have ended up with an unsatisfactory employee the chances are there was a flaw in your [choice] procedure .

6 Variations on the Selection Interview
6 variations on the [choice] interview

Although we tend to think of selection interviewing as a conversation between two people there are several variations on this theme , all of which have their advantages and disadvantages .
although we tend to think of [choice] interviewing as a conversation between two people there are several variations on this theme , all of which have their advantages and disadvantages .

At its worst extreme , and particularly where the panel is a voluntary committee , all of whom are giving their time for nothing , the selection may well be made without all the panel having interviewed the candidate .
at its worst extreme , and particularly where the panel is a voluntary committee , all of whom are giving their time for nothing , the [choice] may well be made without all the panel having interviewed the candidate .

Although a panel interview ensures that one person 's particular prejudices do not overshadow the entire selection procedure , if all the people on the panel share the same prejudices then these will be reinforced .
although a panel interview ensures that one person 's particular prejudices do not overshadow the entire [choice] procedure , if all the people on the panel share the same prejudices then these will be reinforced .

If the interviewers find cooperation difficult the selection procedure will be very inefficient .
if the interviewers find cooperation difficult the [choice] procedure will be very inefficient .

planning meetings and interviews well in advance so that members can all be available at the same time . This includes arranging time for discussion of the job/personnel specification beforehand , time for making a joint preliminary selection from application forms/c.v.s , and time for the decision-making meeting afterwards ;
planning meetings and interviews well in advance so that members can all be available at the same time . this includes arranging time for discussion of the job/personnel specification beforehand , time for making a joint preliminary [choice] from application forms/c.v.s , and time for the decision-making meeting afterwards ;

With this method all the people who wish to be involved in the selection of a candidate do so one after the other and not as one unwieldy group .
with this method all the people who wish to be involved in the [choice] of a candidate do so one after the other and not as one unwieldy group .

They are able to ask questions and form opinions without being self-conscious about the other members of the selection group .
they are able to ask questions and form opinions without being self-conscious about the other members of the [choice] group .

The candidates themselves may have to commit more time to the interview selection process ; the interviewers will have to ensure they leave enough time for discussion between themselves as well as making their own post-interview notes ; time will have to be set aside for the interviewers to meet and finalize their decision .
the candidates themselves may have to commit more time to the interview [choice] process ; the interviewers will have to ensure they leave enough time for discussion between themselves as well as making their own post-interview notes ; time will have to be set aside for the interviewers to meet and finalize their decision .

If these points can be arranged satisfactorily then the sequential interview is by far the most streamlined and efficient way of allowing more than one person to be involved in selection .
if these points can be arranged satisfactorily then the sequential interview is by far the most streamlined and efficient way of allowing more than one person to be involved in [choice] .

Selection of any vegetables , e.g. carrots , parsnips , potatoes , peas , cabbage , leeks , onions
[choice] of any vegetables , e.g. carrots , parsnips , potatoes , peas , cabbage , leeks , onions

As well as the selection of family size , there are choices to allow or to refuse life to a healthy or damaged foetus , to agree to artificial insemination by husband or other donor , and to opt for in vitro fertilization .
as well as the [choice] of family size , there are choices to allow or to refuse life to a healthy or damaged foetus , to agree to artificial insemination by husband or other donor , and to opt for in vitro fertilization .

Church 's is launching a range of leather goods , including luggage , briefcases , belts and handbags , as well as a selection of ties , scarves and socks made from silk , wool , cashmere and mohair .
church 's is launching a range of leather goods , including luggage , briefcases , belts and handbags , as well as a [choice] of ties , scarves and socks made from silk , wool , cashmere and mohair .

The new census statistics will benefit organisations such as Reader 's Digest or Kays , that sell direct to the customer , in that they will be able to improve the selection of both prospects and existing customers for targeted mailshots .
the new census statistics will benefit organisations such as reader 's digest or kays , that sell direct to the customer , in that they will be able to improve the [choice] of both prospects and existing customers for targeted mailshots .

At the reception centres children were billeted by haphazard allotment or by ‘ cattle market ’ selection .
at the reception centres children were billeted by haphazard allotment or by ‘ cattle market ’ [choice] .

Lore went as a receptionist to an army hospital in Abergele and then was posted to Canterbury , where she worked for Personnel Selection .
lore went as a receptionist to an army hospital in abergele and then was posted to canterbury , where she worked for personnel [choice] .

Movie action , adventure , comedy , horror , plus a wide selection of movies for adult viewing .
movie action , adventure , comedy , horror , plus a wide [choice] of movies for adult viewing .

The actual goods and services selected include a wide range of food items ; alcoholic drinks ; tobacco ; housing costs ( including mortgage interest payments ) ; fuel and light ; durable household goods ( such as furniture , television sets and hardware ) ; clothing and footwear ; transport and vehicles ( including petrol and oil ) ; a large selection of miscellaneous goods ( including books , newspapers and stationery ) ; services ( which include postage and telephone charges , and all entertainments ) ; and meals bought and consumed outside the home .
the actual goods and services selected include a wide range of food items ; alcoholic drinks ; tobacco ; housing costs ( including mortgage interest payments ) ; fuel and light ; durable household goods ( such as furniture , television sets and hardware ) ; clothing and footwear ; transport and vehicles ( including petrol and oil ) ; a large [choice] of miscellaneous goods ( including books , newspapers and stationery ) ; services ( which include postage and telephone charges , and all entertainments ) ; and meals bought and consumed outside the home .

Below is a list of equipment which is available for use in Home Corner areas , though quite obviously any one Home Corner will contain only a selection of the items mentioned .
below is a list of equipment which is available for use in home corner areas , though quite obviously any one home corner will contain only a [choice] of the items mentioned .

The selection can be varied with some of the following activities in mind .
the [choice] can be varied with some of the following activities in mind .

Such an ‘ investigation ’ table might include a selection from cogs , clocks , a plug , a kaleidoscope , spoons , magnets , a glass stopper , an old radio and weights .
such an ‘ investigation ’ table might include a [choice] from cogs , clocks , a plug , a kaleidoscope , spoons , magnets , a glass stopper , an old radio and weights .

Children may enjoy spreading out a large selection of junk materials on the floor , and exploring and experimenting with them with the teacher 's active participation and help .
children may enjoy spreading out a large [choice] of junk materials on the floor , and exploring and experimenting with them with the teacher 's active participation and help .

She might , for instance , put out a selection of objects for the children to print with , which will produce only different sized circles .
she might , for instance , put out a [choice] of objects for the children to print with , which will produce only different sized circles .

‘ Staff are encouraged to submit requests to attend courses , senior staff are encouraged to nominate and management sends out prospectuses as appropriate ’ … ‘ Two methods of selection take place .
‘ staff are encouraged to submit requests to attend courses , senior staff are encouraged to nominate and management sends out prospectuses as appropriate ’ … ‘ two methods of [choice] take place .

recruitment and selection , if people wish to select staff ‘ .
recruitment and [choice] , if people wish to select staff ‘ .

Apart from hay-making , the other important events in Baldersdale , or any other farming dale , centred around the animals , and we kept the usual selection .
apart from hay-making , the other important events in baldersdale , or any other farming dale , centred around the animals , and we kept the usual [choice] .

We posted requests for help to a cross-party selection of 15 MPs .
we posted requests for help to a cross-party [choice] of 15 mps .

The first step in the selection of the action and control areas in Ipswich and Newham was a study of the number and pattern of referrals to the hospital psychogeriatric services during the year prior to the commencement of the study ( that is , the year ending 31 July 1983 ) .
the first step in the [choice] of the action and control areas in ipswich and newham was a study of the number and pattern of referrals to the hospital psychogeriatric services during the year prior to the commencement of the study ( that is , the year ending 31 july 1983 ) .

Whilst the reasons for this can not be established with certainty , there is evidence of some migration of the elderly out of the control area since the figures used in the selection were compiled ; there is also some reporting of general practitioners being more ready to refer patients living in the action than the control area .
whilst the reasons for this can not be established with certainty , there is evidence of some migration of the elderly out of the control area since the figures used in the [choice] were compiled ; there is also some reporting of general practitioners being more ready to refer patients living in the action than the control area .

Table 4.4 does not support overall the hypothesis that among those still living at home six months and 12 months after referral , the action samples would contain higher proportions of people suffering from a selection of ‘ home care disadvantages ’ .
table 4.4 does not support overall the hypothesis that among those still living at home six months and 12 months after referral , the action samples would contain higher proportions of people suffering from a [choice] of ‘ home care disadvantages ’ .

Moreover , colour selection within a breed is a very recent trend and even in the late nineteenth century there was often a wide tolerance of colours in the breeds .
moreover , colour [choice] within a breed is a very recent trend and even in the late nineteenth century there was often a wide tolerance of colours in the breeds .

Selection has been for growth potential ; the average 400-day weight of bulls is 447kg and their mature weight 966kg , with an average withers height of 140cm ( the breed minimum is 132cm ) .
[choice] has been for growth potential ; the average 400-day weight of bulls is 447kg and their mature weight 966kg , with an average withers height of 140cm ( the breed minimum is 132cm ) .

Before the strict selection for black , all the Welsh types had shown a great variety of coat colours and patterns .
before the strict [choice] for black , all the welsh types had shown a great variety of coat colours and patterns .

Although the old colours ranged widely and included deep or light red , blue , ‘ grizzle ’ and all-white , nearly all had white finching and white on the belly and face and early selection was made for the famous white face in contrast to a deep , rich red body colour set off by the white brisket , belly , legs , shoulder stripe and tail switch .
although the old colours ranged widely and included deep or light red , blue , ‘ grizzle ’ and all-white , nearly all had white finching and white on the belly and face and early [choice] was made for the famous white face in contrast to a deep , rich red body colour set off by the white brisket , belly , legs , shoulder stripe and tail switch .

Its working past laid the foundations of a good beef breed and it was improved for that specific purpose during the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries , by selection rather than crossing ; it was said ( rather coldly ) to ‘ die well ’ , that is , to yield a lot of meat in the best cuts .
its working past laid the foundations of a good beef breed and it was improved for that specific purpose during the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries , by [choice] rather than crossing ; it was said ( rather coldly ) to ‘ die well ’ , that is , to yield a lot of meat in the best cuts .

By consistent selection , based on a group of red Colling-bred Shorthorns brought to Lincolnshire in the early nineteenth century , the breed 's characteristic colour and qualities became fixed .
by consistent [choice] , based on a group of red colling-bred shorthorns brought to lincolnshire in the early nineteenth century , the breed 's characteristic colour and qualities became fixed .

It is not known whether the original breeding arose from mutation or selection , or , some say , by crossbreeding with perhaps a French breed or the Devon .
it is not known whether the original breeding arose from mutation or [choice] , or , some say , by crossbreeding with perhaps a french breed or the devon .

Registration and selection of cattle is on a national basis and there is also a fully automated cattle information system .
registration and [choice] of cattle is on a national basis and there is also a fully automated cattle information system .

Anna chose essences of ylang-ylang ( her favourite ) , bergamot and geranium from a selection of possibles set out before her .
anna chose essences of ylang-ylang ( her favourite ) , bergamot and geranium from a [choice] of possibles set out before her .

The following recipes are a selection of my own aromatic concoctions ; no doubt you will invent many more !
the following recipes are a [choice] of my own aromatic concoctions ; no doubt you will invent many more !

The selection of committees is an important matter and the newly-elected councillor , if he has any preferences , should make them known in some form either to his political group or to his acquaintances on the council .
the [choice] of committees is an important matter and the newly-elected councillor , if he has any preferences , should make them known in some form either to his political group or to his acquaintances on the council .

As a general rule , age should not be used as a primary discriminator in recruitment , selection , promotion and training decisions .
as a general rule , age should not be used as a primary discriminator in recruitment , [choice] , promotion and training decisions .

As they were demolished , more refined and juster modes of recruitment , selection and assessment had to be developed .
as they were demolished , more refined and juster modes of recruitment , [choice] and assessment had to be developed .

During the week , those keen on photography will be attracted to Henry Adlam Cafe in the Market Square , where the Alton Camera Club will be exhibiting a selection of photographs entitled Best of the Season .
during the week , those keen on photography will be attracted to henry adlam cafe in the market square , where the alton camera club will be exhibiting a [choice] of photographs entitled best of the season .

In previous years the selection of the carnival queen had been organised by elimination contests in the town and surrounding villages , but 30 years ago the committee asked that young ladies should send in a copy of a recent photograph .
in previous years the [choice] of the carnival queen had been organised by elimination contests in the town and surrounding villages , but 30 years ago the committee asked that young ladies should send in a copy of a recent photograph .

Manager Bruce Menzies anticipates a tough task in team selection , with some players unavailable for early evening kickoffs through work commitments , but is glad to have a playing staff of three teams to be able to choose from .
manager bruce menzies anticipates a tough task in team [choice] , with some players unavailable for early evening kickoffs through work commitments , but is glad to have a playing staff of three teams to be able to choose from .

He was , as the Examiner put it , the ‘ Napoleon of football ’ , and ‘ probably no manager has more power from the team selection standpoint ’ .
he was , as the examiner put it , the ‘ napoleon of football ’ , and ‘ probably no manager has more power from the team [choice] standpoint ’ .

Four years later the England selection committee saw the semi-circle during their visit to Switzerland and Italy , and wondered why no one had called for its use at home .
four years later the england [choice] committee saw the semi-circle during their visit to switzerland and italy , and wondered why no one had called for its use at home .

As well as being a means of communication for staff , to ensure consistency of approach , a selection policy may serve other functions .
as well as being a means of communication for staff , to ensure consistency of approach , a [choice] policy may serve other functions .

The last-named survey listed the kind of information that was contained in selection policies .
the last-named survey listed the kind of information that was contained in [choice] policies .

This included : the relationship of the material selected to the libraries ' objectives ; guidance on levels of provision in different sizes of library ; criteria for selection ; definition of community groups to be served ; policy on censorship ; comments on various types of material — e.g .
this included : the relationship of the material selected to the libraries ' objectives ; guidance on levels of provision in different sizes of library ; criteria for [choice] ; definition of community groups to be served ; policy on censorship ; comments on various types of material — e.g .

paperbacks , audiovisual materials ; donations policy ; relationships with the book trade ; statements of responsibility for selection ; demographic information about the area .
paperbacks , audiovisual materials ; donations policy ; relationships with the book trade ; statements of responsibility for [choice] ; demographic information about the area .

This is the relative expenditure on stock revision as opposed to selection from ‘ new ’ books .
this is the relative expenditure on stock revision as opposed to [choice] from ‘ new ’ books .

The recent survey Trends in public library selection policies shows that about 20 % of public libraries do not even allocate to categories such as adult fiction , or children 's books , and very few record stock revision separately .
the recent survey trends in public library [choice] policies shows that about 20 % of public libraries do not even allocate to categories such as adult fiction , or children 's books , and very few record stock revision separately .

In selection each book , periodical , etc .
in [choice] each book , periodical , etc .

has to be evaluated individually against a background of other features — library policy , user demand , and so on — before a selection decision can be made .
has to be evaluated individually against a background of other features — library policy , user demand , and so on — before a [choice] decision can be made .

Often this seems to be taken to unnecessary lengths , since there are relatively few instances where seeing the book helps a selection decision , and even fewer where it is significant .
often this seems to be taken to unnecessary lengths , since there are relatively few instances where seeing the book helps a [choice] decision , and even fewer where it is significant .

Some key characteristics of library materials are now considered , to see how they bear upon a selection decision .
some key characteristics of library materials are now considered , to see how they bear upon a [choice] decision .

Often , one feature of a book will automatically ensure selection — e.g .
often , one feature of a book will automatically ensure [choice] — e.g .

To what extent is selection influenced by a book 's physical features ?
to what extent is [choice] influenced by a book 's physical features ?

Standards of typography will rarely be a decisive factor in selection , but there is no doubt that small print is disliked by many readers — including those with good eyesight — and should be avoided on the relatively rare occasions that alternatives are available ( for instance , with the different editions of popular classics , or with light fiction , where the choice is very wide and content is less variable ) .
standards of typography will rarely be a decisive factor in [choice] , but there is no doubt that small print is disliked by many readers — including those with good eyesight — and should be avoided on the relatively rare occasions that alternatives are available ( for instance , with the different editions of popular classics , or with light fiction , where the choice is very wide and content is less variable ) .

Most libraries try to maintain a comprehensive , updated collection of catalogues as bibliographical checking tools , but many also use them for book selection .
most libraries try to maintain a comprehensive , updated collection of catalogues as bibliographical checking tools , but many also use them for book [choice] .

the brief descriptions of books on the insides of dust covers — may sometimes be used as selection information by librarians , and are certainly a very important factor for readers selecting from library shelves , though they constitute at best a dubious selection instrument for librarians and readers alike .
the brief descriptions of books on the insides of dust covers — may sometimes be used as [choice] information by librarians , and are certainly a very important factor for readers selecting from library shelves , though they constitute at best a dubious [choice] instrument for librarians and readers alike .

To the extent that it indicates demand , receipt of a reservation for a book is a factor influencing the selection decision .
to the extent that it indicates demand , receipt of a reservation for a book is a factor influencing the [choice] decision .

In public libraries , reservation pressure is more volatile , and can — if allowed to — distort the selection process .
in public libraries , reservation pressure is more volatile , and can — if allowed to — distort the [choice] process .

In theory this sort of transitory demand from a minority of the community should not be allowed to influence selection decisions , but in practice librarians have often found it difficult to ignore long waiting lists entirely when selecting new books .
in theory this sort of transitory demand from a minority of the community should not be allowed to influence [choice] decisions , but in practice librarians have often found it difficult to ignore long waiting lists entirely when selecting new books .

Outside the field of fiction ( and possibly , biography ) , coverage is not wide enough for librarians to use them as a regular source of selection information .
outside the field of fiction ( and possibly , biography ) , coverage is not wide enough for librarians to use them as a regular source of [choice] information .

Since monographs can go out of print a year after publication , and since the heaviest use of monographs is normally in the year and a half following publication , librarians obviously can not rely upon reviews as a selection tool .
since monographs can go out of print a year after publication , and since the heaviest use of monographs is normally in the year and a half following publication , librarians obviously can not rely upon reviews as a [choice] tool .

Delays in appearance of the reviews will mean that librarians must make selection decisions before they appear .
delays in appearance of the reviews will mean that librarians must make [choice] decisions before they appear .

With rare exceptions therefore ( the selection of fiction may be one ) librarians will not normally wait for reviews before selecting books .
with rare exceptions therefore ( the [choice] of fiction may be one ) librarians will not normally wait for reviews before selecting books .

But most do still read reviews , usually as a form of long-stop to make sure they have not missed important titles on their initial selection , or to buy extra copies of titles which have been particularly well received .
but most do still read reviews , usually as a form of long-stop to make sure they have not missed important titles on their initial [choice] , or to buy extra copies of titles which have been particularly well received .

Bibliographies are the most important sources of information for book selection , and a close understanding of their functions is essential — especially for stock revision .
bibliographies are the most important sources of information for book [choice] , and a close understanding of their functions is essential — especially for stock revision .

The purpose of this chapter is to distinguish between the main types of bibliography used for selection , and to give a few pertinent examples of each .
the purpose of this chapter is to distinguish between the main types of bibliography used for [choice] , and to give a few pertinent examples of each .

The matter of timeliness is discussed , in relation to the selection decision for new books , in Chapter 8 .
the matter of timeliness is discussed , in relation to the [choice] decision for new books , in chapter 8 .

The second main advantage of national bibliographies as selection tools is the detail of entry given .
the second main advantage of national bibliographies as [choice] tools is the detail of entry given .

Apart from the matter of inaccuracies , mentioned above , there are other factors which hinder selection decisions .
apart from the matter of inaccuracies , mentioned above , there are other factors which hinder [choice] decisions .

The obvious disadvantage of trade listings is the limited detail in entries , which tends to be too sparse to support a reliable selection decision .
the obvious disadvantage of trade listings is the limited detail in entries , which tends to be too sparse to support a reliable [choice] decision .

This has both advantages and disadvantages for selection .
this has both advantages and disadvantages for [choice] .

Selectors now have a choice of bibliographical databases which can be used for selection .
selectors now have a choice of bibliographical databases which can be used for [choice] .

It is important that selection decisions are timed at the right moment in this chain .
it is important that [choice] decisions are timed at the right moment in this chain .

The possibility of a title going ‘ out of print ’ if selection decisions are delayed must also be considered — though this is unlikely if orders are placed within a few months of publication .
the possibility of a title going ‘ out of print ’ if [choice] decisions are delayed must also be considered — though this is unlikely if orders are placed within a few months of publication .

Once it has listed a title , other sources can be used to cast additional light upon the book before a selection decision is reached .
once it has listed a title , other sources can be used to cast additional light upon the book before a [choice] decision is reached .

But the principle of pinning selection to a single source in this way ensures efficiency .
but the principle of pinning [choice] to a single source in this way ensures efficiency .

Moreover in any organization with a large number of service points — for instance , a public library authority — use of a base selection source also allows coordination of the acquisition and cataloguing processes .
moreover in any organization with a large number of service points — for instance , a public library authority — use of a base [choice] source also allows coordination of the acquisition and cataloguing processes .

Pre-publication selection
pre-publication [choice]

Selection near to date of publication
[choice] near to date of publication

The use of on approval copies and of information from library suppliers is increasingly common , though it carries the major disadvantage of leaving the selection process to commercial organizations whose main aim is to make money ( see pp.118–21 ) .
the use of on approval copies and of information from library suppliers is increasingly common , though it carries the major disadvantage of leaving the [choice] process to commercial organizations whose main aim is to make money ( see pp.118–21 ) .

National bibliographies are considered as selection tools on pp.52–4 .
national bibliographies are considered as [choice] tools on pp.52–4 .

It is essential that a thorough selection trawl of new books is made , because important titles must be put into stock before they have a chance to go out of print , and because the first year or two after publication is the time that books are usually in most demand .
it is essential that a thorough [choice] trawl of new books is made , because important titles must be put into stock before they have a chance to go out of print , and because the first year or two after publication is the time that books are usually in most demand .

Finding a proper match between new book selection and stock revision is difficult , if not impossible , because the two approaches are so different .
finding a proper match between new book [choice] and stock revision is difficult , if not impossible , because the two approaches are so different .

In one sense , new book selection is a way of filling in or updating between stock revisions , but this assumes that the whole of a stock is updated , subject by subject , over a limited timespan , and because stock revision is a highly staff-intensive process that is rarely the case .
in one sense , new book [choice] is a way of filling in or updating between stock revisions , but this assumes that the whole of a stock is updated , subject by subject , over a limited timespan , and because stock revision is a highly staff-intensive process that is rarely the case .

Looking at things the other way around , it might seem that if selection of new books could be carried out thoroughly , taking proper account of demand , and if proper weeding and replacement procedures could be instituted , stock revision would not be necessary at all .
looking at things the other way around , it might seem that if [choice] of new books could be carried out thoroughly , taking proper account of demand , and if proper weeding and replacement procedures could be instituted , stock revision would not be necessary at all .

However in practice deterioration of stock inevitably sets in , through a variety of factors : original errors or omissions in selection ( for the reasons suggested above ) ; poor control of withdrawals and replacements ; fluctuations in funding over a period of years ; fluctuations in demand caused by changes in the constituency , or changes in their needs .
however in practice deterioration of stock inevitably sets in , through a variety of factors : original errors or omissions in [choice] ( for the reasons suggested above ) ; poor control of withdrawals and replacements ; fluctuations in funding over a period of years ; fluctuations in demand caused by changes in the constituency , or changes in their needs .

Figures are hard to come by , but the recent report Trends in public library selection policies notes that 12 out of the 32 libraries surveyed kept ‘ some ’ information about allocations for stock revision ( suggesting that the remainder did not have any formal programmes of revision ) .
figures are hard to come by , but the recent report trends in public library [choice] policies notes that 12 out of the 32 libraries surveyed kept ‘ some ’ information about allocations for stock revision ( suggesting that the remainder did not have any formal programmes of revision ) .

The librarian continues to base selection and stock revision programmes on catalogue records which are no longer accurate , and wastes a good deal of time searching for books which are no longer in circulation .
the librarian continues to base [choice] and stock revision programmes on catalogue records which are no longer accurate , and wastes a good deal of time searching for books which are no longer in circulation .

The basis of the McClellan system is the subdivision of the bookstock — for selection and revision purposes — into categories of manageable size , within which both logistic and bibliographical decisions can be made more easily .
the basis of the mcclellan system is the subdivision of the bookstock — for [choice] and revision purposes — into categories of manageable size , within which both logistic and bibliographical decisions can be made more easily .

Houghton is a management analyst and appears to have only a hazy idea of how librarians organize book selection , and of the sources that they use .
houghton is a management analyst and appears to have only a hazy idea of how librarians organize book [choice] , and of the sources that they use .

Hart 's Book selection and use in academic libraries provides a useful summary of recent literature .
hart 's book [choice] and use in academic libraries provides a useful summary of recent literature .

One other factor influences weeding policy , as it does selection policy .
one other factor influences weeding policy , as it does [choice] policy .

The librarian is then confronted with a decision which is almost as important ( and almost as costly ) as his original selection decision .
the librarian is then confronted with a decision which is almost as important ( and almost as costly ) as his original [choice] decision .

The effects of book selection , on the other hand , only filter through months or years after the work has been carried out , to be partially detected , if at all , in issue statistics or chance comments from users .
the effects of book [choice] , on the other hand , only filter through months or years after the work has been carried out , to be partially detected , if at all , in issue statistics or chance comments from users .

The selection of newly published books is linked to a single base source of information ( see Chapter 8 ) and wherever possible decisions are reached through a pooling of knowledge by staff .
the [choice] of newly published books is linked to a single base source of information ( see chapter 8 ) and wherever possible decisions are reached through a pooling of knowledge by staff .

Before the reorganization of British local government in 1972 book selection in many of the smaller borough authorities was virtually operated on a personal basis by the librarian and/or his deputy .
before the reorganization of british local government in 1972 book [choice] in many of the smaller borough authorities was virtually operated on a personal basis by the librarian and/or his deputy .

The converse of the one-man system — used in some of the old county libraries , and still to be found in some authorities today — is for librarians at service points to be given virtually complete control of selection for their own stock .
the converse of the one-man system — used in some of the old county libraries , and still to be found in some authorities today — is for librarians at service points to be given virtually complete control of [choice] for their own stock .

The stock editor generally concentrated on stock revision and supervision of withdrawals , but in some authorities he or she also played a large part in the selection of new books .
the stock editor generally concentrated on stock revision and supervision of withdrawals , but in some authorities he or she also played a large part in the [choice] of new books .

Sometimes there are also specialist stand in the department responsible for book selection and stock revision .
sometimes there are also specialist stand in the department responsible for book [choice] and stock revision .

In such cases , the ‘ reference ’ collections of the city library are normally divided up into subject departments , each of these more or less autonomous in its selection of materials .
in such cases , the ‘ reference ’ collections of the city library are normally divided up into subject departments , each of these more or less autonomous in its [choice] of materials .

The usual method for reconciling different shades of opinion within the authority ( or area ) is the book meeting , at which representatives of the bibliographical services department and/or the areas meet on a regular basis to discuss the selection of new books .
the usual method for reconciling different shades of opinion within the authority ( or area ) is the book meeting , at which representatives of the bibliographical services department and/or the areas meet on a regular basis to discuss the [choice] of new books .

Not to make full use of the subject expertise of the university lecturing and research staff for selection is obviously absurd .
not to make full use of the subject expertise of the university lecturing and research staff for [choice] is obviously absurd .

At the same time , a system which relies entirely upon departmental selection is bound to result in lack of balance .
at the same time , a system which relies entirely upon departmental [choice] is bound to result in lack of balance .

Whenever the library does play the controlling role in the book selection process there must be one person within the library with overall responsibility for that function .
whenever the library does play the controlling role in the book [choice] process there must be one person within the library with overall responsibility for that function .

Where a university administers a number of special subject or departmental collections physically separate from the main library , the tendency to have separate departmental funding and separate responsibility for selection is usually more pronounced .
where a university administers a number of special subject or departmental collections physically separate from the main library , the tendency to have separate departmental funding and separate responsibility for [choice] is usually more pronounced .

Hindle 's survey at the University of Lancaster , where a departmental selection system operated , showed that in one year a total of 17 departments had added books on the subject of ‘ operational research ’ to their collections — two of these ordering more titles than the operational research department itself .
hindle 's survey at the university of lancaster , where a departmental [choice] system operated , showed that in one year a total of 17 departments had added books on the subject of ‘ operational research ’ to their collections — two of these ordering more titles than the operational research department itself .

Most university libraries in Britain have appointed to their staffs some subject specialists , with qualifications in a subject as well as in librarianship , to be responsible for book selection and reference and information work ( and sometimes other activities ) within their specialization .
most university libraries in britain have appointed to their staffs some subject specialists , with qualifications in a subject as well as in librarianship , to be responsible for book [choice] and reference and information work ( and sometimes other activities ) within their specialization .

These duties are listed as : the preparation of desiderata lists ; the selection and purchase of books within broad terms of reference ; allocation of books between libraries ; classification and cataloguing of all books and materials ; revision of stock ; screening of withdrawn books ; screening of books for rebinding ; maintenance of central reserve stocks ; bibliographical work , including compilation of special lists and indexes ; the bibliographical aspects of inter-library loans and regional loans and of readers ' requests and reservations ; readers ' advisory and information service .
these duties are listed as : the preparation of desiderata lists ; the [choice] and purchase of books within broad terms of reference ; allocation of books between libraries ; classification and cataloguing of all books and materials ; revision of stock ; screening of withdrawn books ; screening of books for rebinding ; maintenance of central reserve stocks ; bibliographical work , including compilation of special lists and indexes ; the bibliographical aspects of inter-library loans and regional loans and of readers ' requests and reservations ; readers ' advisory and information service .

Any librarian involved in the selection of material is also constantly in touch with readers , so that an over-theoretical approach based merely upon the bibliographical and logistic aspects of provision is more likely to be avoided .
any librarian involved in the [choice] of material is also constantly in touch with readers , so that an over-theoretical approach based merely upon the bibliographical and logistic aspects of provision is more likely to be avoided .

Librarians must also carefully plan their initial selection decisions to make sure they take place before there is any danger of books being reported out of print ( although the chances of a book going out of print in the six months immediately following publication are often exaggerated — this happens rarely , and usually as the result of a miscalculation by the publisher ) .
librarians must also carefully plan their initial [choice] decisions to make sure they take place before there is any danger of books being reported out of print ( although the chances of a book going out of print in the six months immediately following publication are often exaggerated — this happens rarely , and usually as the result of a miscalculation by the publisher ) .

However , it is of interest , for instance , that cost increases in mass market paperbacks during the period 1981–6 were almost double those of general hardback publications — a fact which should certainly influence selection choices between hard and paperback editions of the same work .
however , it is of interest , for instance , that cost increases in mass market paperbacks during the period 1981–6 were almost double those of general hardback publications — a fact which should certainly influence [choice] choices between hard and paperback editions of the same work .

The librarian 's choice of booksellers has an important effect upon the selection of material as well as upon the speed and efficiency of acquisition .
the librarian 's choice of booksellers has an important effect upon the [choice] of material as well as upon the speed and efficiency of acquisition .

Where a choice is available , however , the librarian will pick his booksellers carefully , trying to gain access through each to some particular advantage : a good shelf stock in certain subjects , from which the librarian may make a personal selection in the shop ; a link with the American book trade ; a quick service for urgent requests ; an agency for required series of foreign books ; a technically knowledgeable and reliable staff ; an annual sale of slow-selling books at reduced prices .
where a choice is available , however , the librarian will pick his booksellers carefully , trying to gain access through each to some particular advantage : a good shelf stock in certain subjects , from which the librarian may make a personal [choice] in the shop ; a link with the american book trade ; a quick service for urgent requests ; an agency for required series of foreign books ; a technically knowledgeable and reliable staff ; an annual sale of slow-selling books at reduced prices .

These are the factors affecting selection .
these are the factors affecting [choice] .

This is a very wide range of services indeed , and the main responsibility for selection , at least in public libraries , seems to have shifted from library staff to library supplier staff .
this is a very wide range of services indeed , and the main responsibility for [choice] , at least in public libraries , seems to have shifted from library staff to library supplier staff .

Yet many librarians seem content to select from a supplier 's selection , and to surrender professional responsibility for their service to the suppliers , allowing speed and ease of supply to take precedence over comprehensiveness and depth .
yet many librarians seem content to select from a supplier 's [choice] , and to surrender professional responsibility for their service to the suppliers , allowing speed and ease of supply to take precedence over comprehensiveness and depth .

Few selection decisions are determined by those elements of the book which can only be verified by personal inspection .
few [choice] decisions are determined by those elements of the book which can only be verified by personal inspection .

In fact Peasgood suggests , in one of the few surveys which have been carried out in this area , that selection in academic libraries from the ‘ book in hand ’ was found to be no more effective than selection from lists ( effectiveness being measured in terms of subsequent issues ) .
in fact peasgood suggests , in one of the few surveys which have been carried out in this area , that [choice] in academic libraries from the ‘ book in hand ’ was found to be no more effective than [choice] from lists ( effectiveness being measured in terms of subsequent issues ) .

Selection of stock should always be dictated by considerations of quality , rather than commercial pressures .
[choice] of stock should always be dictated by considerations of quality , rather than commercial pressures .

Reasons for Selection
reasons for [choice]

In 1987 there were 3,500 new recruits , each of whom passed through a formal selection process .
in 1987 there were 3,500 new recruits , each of whom passed through a formal [choice] process .

As will be seen throughout this chapter , there are wide local variations in selection procedures and in training .
as will be seen throughout this chapter , there are wide local variations in [choice] procedures and in training .

Over the course of a few weeks they will probably spend several hours in the bureau familiarising themselves with bureau practice before their formal selection interview .
over the course of a few weeks they will probably spend several hours in the bureau familiarising themselves with bureau practice before their formal [choice] interview .

On these pages is a selection of events , both happy and sad .
on these pages is a [choice] of events , both happy and sad .

Redundancy Selection and Consultation
redundancy [choice] and consultation

Sometimes redundancy selection is automatically unfair .
sometimes redundancy [choice] is automatically unfair .

This will be so where selection is for a ‘ trade union reason ’ , such as refusing to become or remain a member of a particular trade union ; or if you have been unjustifiably selected in contravention of a customary agreement or agreed procedure in respect of redundancies .
this will be so where [choice] is for a ‘ trade union reason ’ , such as refusing to become or remain a member of a particular trade union ; or if you have been unjustifiably selected in contravention of a customary agreement or agreed procedure in respect of redundancies .

The selection group
the [choice] group

The first question is whether your employer has adopted an appropriate unit of selection for redundancy purposes .
the first question is whether your employer has adopted an appropriate unit of [choice] for redundancy purposes .

Selection factors
[choice] factors

They are entitled to take into account a variety of selection factors .
they are entitled to take into account a variety of [choice] factors .

‘ Last in , first out ’ is a selection procedure frequently agreed with trade unions .
‘ last in , first out ’ is a [choice] procedure frequently agreed with trade unions .

In any event , an employer 's obligations to act fairly towards his longer-serving employees will mean that length of service is always an important factor in the selection process and will frequently be decisive .
in any event , an employer 's obligations to act fairly towards his longer-serving employees will mean that length of service is always an important factor in the [choice] process and will frequently be decisive .

In a slimming-down operation , the job performance and skills of the members of the selection group are likely to be relevant in the redundancy selection process .
in a slimming-down operation , the job performance and skills of the members of the [choice] group are likely to be relevant in the redundancy [choice] process .

Just as selection criteria must be reasonable , so must they be rationally applied .
just as [choice] criteria must be reasonable , so must they be rationally applied .

In particular , you will probably have good reason to complain if your employer departs at the last minute from an approach to the selection process that has previously been announced .
in particular , you will probably have good reason to complain if your employer departs at the last minute from an approach to the [choice] process that has previously been announced .

It is quite possible that some selection factors may point towards your retention while others will , in comparison , favour colleagues .
it is quite possible that some [choice] factors may point towards your retention while others will , in comparison , favour colleagues .

Third , the plight of the business may be so grave , and the selection of the individuals concerned so inevitable and so urgently required , that consultation would make absolutely no difference to the outcome .
third , the plight of the business may be so grave , and the [choice] of the individuals concerned so inevitable and so urgently required , that consultation would make absolutely no difference to the outcome .

As well as asking why you have been selected as a redundancy candidate and , if appropriate , arguing that a fair procedure would result in the selection of one of your colleagues instead , you may find it fruitful to explore the other ways in which the company can achieve the desired savings without putting your job at risk . The possibilities include :
as well as asking why you have been selected as a redundancy candidate and , if appropriate , arguing that a fair procedure would result in the [choice] of one of your colleagues instead , you may find it fruitful to explore the other ways in which the company can achieve the desired savings without putting your job at risk . the possibilities include :

For example , the time spent on processing the applications and on selection itself .
for example , the time spent on processing the applications and on [choice] itself .

Using these forms has the advantage of enabling the selection personnel to compare the applicants ' responses and qualifications quickly and easily .
using these forms has the advantage of enabling the [choice] personnel to compare the applicants ' responses and qualifications quickly and easily .

Much of the final selection is done by just one person .
much of the final [choice] is done by just one person .

In any event , selection based on personal considerations can turn sour and then there is no professional element to sustain the relationship .
in any event , [choice] based on personal considerations can turn sour and then there is no professional element to sustain the relationship .

the successful candidate will feel a greater sense of confidence about his/her future in the company if the person for whom he/she works ( who would otherwise have made the selection ) leaves or retires .
the successful candidate will feel a greater sense of confidence about his/her future in the company if the person for whom he/she works ( who would otherwise have made the [choice] ) leaves or retires .

Recruitment and selection are usually thought of as the company picking the person .
recruitment and [choice] are usually thought of as the company picking the person .

The scarcer the commodity — eg accountancy — the more the applicant will exercise his power of selection .
the scarcer the commodity — eg accountancy — the more the applicant will exercise his power of [choice] .

Recruitment and selection are heavyweight matters in terms of company business .
recruitment and [choice] are heavyweight matters in terms of company business .

Recruitment and selection are concerned with the very core of the company — ie using the company 's personnel .
recruitment and [choice] are concerned with the very core of the company — ie using the company 's personnel .

The importance of sound recruitment and selection can not therefore be overstressed .
the importance of sound recruitment and [choice] can not therefore be overstressed .

( The involvement of the client in the selection of relevant systems is stressed in Chapter 8 . )
( the involvement of the client in the [choice] of relevant systems is stressed in chapter 8 . )

As interviews and other meetings are held , adding the issues to the picture as they arise , making sure that the source of these can identified , or the reasoning behind the selection of an issue can be substantiated .
as interviews and other meetings are held , adding the issues to the picture as they arise , making sure that the source of these can identified , or the reasoning behind the [choice] of an issue can be substantiated .

Success is not guaranteed by the adoption of this model of management or by wise selection and clear remits .
success is not guaranteed by the adoption of this model of management or by wise [choice] and clear remits .

Success is not guaranteed by applying this criterion of selection .
success is not guaranteed by applying this criterion of [choice] .

It is easy to grasp the concept of tendering for the oft-quoted ‘ 200 hip replacements ’ and , apart from dangers such as adverse selection , this appears relatively non-problematic .
it is easy to grasp the concept of tendering for the oft-quoted ‘ 200 hip replacements ’ and , apart from dangers such as adverse [choice] , this appears relatively non-problematic .

Clearly , then , the primary need when dealing with the information issue is to establish clearly what various staff need to do their jobs and then to see how to provide this more limited selection of information in a form that is easily available and accessible .
clearly , then , the primary need when dealing with the information issue is to establish clearly what various staff need to do their jobs and then to see how to provide this more limited [choice] of information in a form that is easily available and accessible .

Yule and Kendall say that ‘ the selection of an individual from a population is random when each member of the population has the same chance of being chosen .
yule and kendall say that ‘ the [choice] of an individual from a population is random when each member of the population has the same chance of being chosen .

It moves to the right as text is typed and may increase in size in the selection ( highlighting ) of text for editing or for executing commands .
it moves to the right as text is typed and may increase in size in the [choice] ( highlighting ) of text for editing or for executing commands .

While all the selection of text upon which commands may operate is done from within the window , only character and paragraph formatting commands , and ‘ toggle ’ commands ( page 5 ) , operate within it .
while all the [choice] of text upon which commands may operate is done from within the window , only character and paragraph formatting commands , and ‘ toggle ’ commands ( page 5 ) , operate within it .

( Tasks 10 and 11 look at the selection and deletion of blocks of text . )
( tasks 10 and 11 look at the [choice] and deletion of blocks of text . )

Selection of text
[choice] of text

Extending the selection
extending the [choice]

Cancelling selection
cancelling [choice]

Select the first sentence of the second paragraph . Extend the selection to include the second sentence
select the first sentence of the second paragraph . extend the [choice] to include the second sentence

Select the third paragraph . Tap the Down , key to cancel the selection
select the third paragraph . tap the down , key to cancel the [choice]

Select the second and third lines , not sentences , of the last paragraph . Cancel the selection
select the second and third lines , not sentences , of the last paragraph . cancel the [choice]

If you select the wrong block of text , tap one of the direction keys to clear the selection and start again .
if you select the wrong block of text , tap one of the direction keys to clear the [choice] and start again .

The window was crammed with sweets in boxes and glass jars and she kept an amazing selection .
the window was crammed with sweets in boxes and glass jars and she kept an amazing [choice] .

self selection
self [choice]

These results show how common it is for small mammals to become trapped in pitfalls , and although there is some selection in species trapped , depending on local circumstances , the degree of bias is less than might be expected .
these results show how common it is for small mammals to become trapped in pitfalls , and although there is some [choice] in species trapped , depending on local circumstances , the degree of bias is less than might be expected .

If there were no damage to the bones there should be exact correspondence between the numbers of major limb bone elements like humerus and femur and numbers of mandibles and maxillae , and departure from this can arise from preferential damage to or selection against either group .
if there were no damage to the bones there should be exact correspondence between the numbers of major limb bone elements like humerus and femur and numbers of mandibles and maxillae , and departure from this can arise from preferential damage to or [choice] against either group .

Paul Hammond was the Palace goalkeeper charged by Malcolm Allison to succeed the legendary John Jackson , and it was a measure of Paul 's ability that , eventually , he was able to do that successfully in spite of the attitude of some sections of the Palace crowd , which opposed his selection .
paul hammond was the palace goalkeeper charged by malcolm allison to succeed the legendary john jackson , and it was a measure of paul 's ability that , eventually , he was able to do that successfully in spite of the attitude of some sections of the palace crowd , which opposed his [choice] .

Vic goes down in football 's annals as the first international player to be chosen from the ranks of the 4th Division ( for Wales against Northern Ireland in Belfast on 22 April 1959 ) , but Palace fans should know that this was no freak selection , for Vic had impressed many with his splendid performances and was in a run of 143 consecutive League games with just a single absence for us .
vic goes down in football 's annals as the first international player to be chosen from the ranks of the 4th division ( for wales against northern ireland in belfast on 22 april 1959 ) , but palace fans should know that this was no freak [choice] , for vic had impressed many with his splendid performances and was in a run of 143 consecutive league games with just a single absence for us .

The hotel is open to non-residents and has a reputation for good food and a carefully chosen selection of wines .
the hotel is open to non-residents and has a reputation for good food and a carefully chosen [choice] of wines .

The distinctive aroma of chocolate and liqueurs will entice you to view the delectable selection of hand made quality chocolates and fudge made daily at the village confectionery .
the distinctive aroma of chocolate and liqueurs will entice you to view the delectable [choice] of hand made quality chocolates and fudge made daily at the village confectionery .

Selection Fresh Vegetables
[choice] fresh vegetables

The Riverside Theatre wardrobe contains a large selection of costumes which are available for hire .
the riverside theatre wardrobe contains a large [choice] of costumes which are available for hire .

It was in this way that the Group sought to avoid the creation of a 7+ , 11+ and 14+ type of selection examination .
it was in this way that the group sought to avoid the creation of a 7+ , 11+ and 14+ type of [choice] examination .

One would have had greater confidence if the selection were from a longer list nominated by other bodies unconnected with the government of the day .
one would have had greater confidence if the [choice] were from a longer list nominated by other bodies unconnected with the government of the day .

One 's reason for doubt lies not merely in the way selection is made : it is simply that those selected have to be very independent indeed to withstand or divert the direction pushed by permanent staff , all of whom seem already to be behaving with unwonted circumspection .
one 's reason for doubt lies not merely in the way [choice] is made : it is simply that those selected have to be very independent indeed to withstand or divert the direction pushed by permanent staff , all of whom seem already to be behaving with unwonted circumspection .

But no justification is put forward for the selection of subjects .
but no justification is put forward for the [choice] of subjects .

Apart from the absence of any selection board , and any other substantial barrier to student entry , Coleman had some sense on his side .
apart from the absence of any [choice] board , and any other substantial barrier to student entry , coleman had some sense on his side .

In practice the selection of masking and counteracting odours requires much experience in order to avoid further complaints about any resultant odour which could be equally unpleasant , to some people , as the one complained of .
in practice the [choice] of masking and counteracting odours requires much experience in order to avoid further complaints about any resultant odour which could be equally unpleasant , to some people , as the one complained of .

Similarly , a selection was made between multiple readings corresponding to non-anaphoric ambiguities by applying the syntactic preferences of Frazier & Fodor ( 1979 ) .
similarly , a [choice] was made between multiple readings corresponding to non-anaphoric ambiguities by applying the syntactic preferences of frazier & fodor ( 1979 ) .

There are selection interviews , exit interviews , disciplinary interviews , as well as interviews to discover people 's opinions on everything from products to politics .
there are [choice] interviews , exit interviews , disciplinary interviews , as well as interviews to discover people 's opinions on everything from products to politics .

The governing body must set up a selection panel and the post of headteacher or deputy headteacher has to be advertised nationally .
the governing body must set up a [choice] panel and the post of headteacher or deputy headteacher has to be advertised nationally .

It is likely that LEAs will offer guidance to governing bodies not only on the general framework of recruitment , selection and promotion procedures , but also on the equal-opportunities aspects of appointments . In brief outline , such advice would be likely to emphasise that :
it is likely that leas will offer guidance to governing bodies not only on the general framework of recruitment , [choice] and promotion procedures , but also on the equal-opportunities aspects of appointments . in brief outline , such advice would be likely to emphasise that :

The research referred to throughout the rest of this chapter took place in a selection of secondary schools in three LEAs in 1989 .
the research referred to throughout the rest of this chapter took place in a [choice] of secondary schools in three leas in 1989 .

Prominent amongst these is usually the selection of an inappropriate knowledge representation through absent or incorrect problem formulation .
prominent amongst these is usually the [choice] of an inappropriate knowledge representation through absent or incorrect problem formulation .

The sergeant pushed forward , then remembered nothing more until he regained consciousness in an ambulance , one of several taking a selection of minor injuries to hospital .
the sergeant pushed forward , then remembered nothing more until he regained consciousness in an ambulance , one of several taking a [choice] of minor injuries to hospital .

They 'd dropped four , each prepacked with a selection of gear .
they 'd dropped four , each prepacked with a [choice] of gear .

The panel were both surprised and impressed with the range , quality and value for money of the sample selection that we tasted .
the panel were both surprised and impressed with the range , quality and value for money of the sample [choice] that we tasted .

Details are also available of their vast selection of other horsy videos .
details are also available of their vast [choice] of other horsy videos .

Hopefully , he will not have Trish reaching for the valium in the Olympic Selection Trials !
hopefully , he will not have trish reaching for the valium in the olympic [choice] trials !

Information and excellent selection of gifts .
information and excellent [choice] of gifts .

The programme included about half-a-dozen hymns and a selection of choruses from the Messiah .
the programme included about half-a-dozen hymns and a [choice] of choruses from the messiah .

Initial selection in such cases is by the eye of an experienced judge who will pick out only those he knows have a fair weight .
initial [choice] in such cases is by the eye of an experienced judge who will pick out only those he knows have a fair weight .

The Lofthouse and Middlesmoor Prize Band played a selection of music ; a note in the feast programme remarked on the fact that the band comes from the upper end of Nidderdale , from which dale hailed the Netherdale Singers , who were paid five shillings — according to the church accounts — for appearing at Burnsall Feast in 1740 .
the lofthouse and middlesmoor prize band played a [choice] of music ; a note in the feast programme remarked on the fact that the band comes from the upper end of nidderdale , from which dale hailed the netherdale singers , who were paid five shillings — according to the church accounts — for appearing at burnsall feast in 1740 .

As it began to burn furiously , singing broke out ; no traditional songs , just a selection of the popular ones of the day .
as it began to burn furiously , singing broke out ; no traditional songs , just a [choice] of the popular ones of the day .

Two wines of excellent value are Chardonnay 1991 , Vin de Pays d'Oc , £4.99 , and Sainsbury 's Chardonnay Selection , Vin de Pays d'Oc , £4.15 .
two wines of excellent value are chardonnay 1991 , vin de pays d'oc , £4.99 , and sainsbury 's chardonnay [choice] , vin de pays d'oc , £4.15 .

Sainsbury 's Cabernet Sauvignon Selection , vin de Pays d'Oc , £4.15 is a deep , ripe , fruity wine , a proportion of which has been oak-aged .
sainsbury 's cabernet sauvignon [choice] , vin de pays d'oc , £4.15 is a deep , ripe , fruity wine , a proportion of which has been oak-aged .

On the other hand , vintage wines open up such a vast and fascinating selection that many wine enthusiasts ca n't resist experimenting .
on the other hand , vintage wines open up such a vast and fascinating [choice] that many wine enthusiasts ca n't resist experimenting .

As all Sainsbury 's wines , Vintage Selection or otherwise , are carefully described both on the bottle and on the shelf or rack ( and you can immediately spot the Vintage Selection area in your store because the wine is stored in special racks ) , you can find something of the right character and desired sweetness with complete confidence .
as all sainsbury 's wines , vintage [choice] or otherwise , are carefully described both on the bottle and on the shelf or rack ( and you can immediately spot the vintage [choice] area in your store because the wine is stored in special racks ) , you can find something of the right character and desired sweetness with complete confidence .

During the summer why not try some of our new Vintage Selection wines ?
during the summer why not try some of our new vintage [choice] wines ?

On the following pages we offer a selection of rather special recipes created for just such occasions .
on the following pages we offer a [choice] of rather special recipes created for just such occasions .

She knows from the start she will get the job and participates with passive fascination in the necessary motions ; the selection board chivalrously closes the door on the trap she has set herself .
she knows from the start she will get the job and participates with passive fascination in the necessary motions ; the [choice] board chivalrously closes the door on the trap she has set herself .

Left : Antique lace dress by Catherine Buckley ( £1,500 ) matching veil by Catherine Buckley from a selection starting at £200
left : antique lace dress by catherine buckley ( £1,500 ) matching veil by catherine buckley from a [choice] starting at £200

You 'll be spoilt for choice at Beaverbrooks who , along with wedding rings , offer the widest selection of gold jewellery to delight even the tiniest bridesmaids .
you 'll be spoilt for choice at beaverbrooks who , along with wedding rings , offer the widest [choice] of gold jewellery to delight even the tiniest bridesmaids .

Do n't be unprepared for your honeymoon , choose from this selection of useful things to help your trip run smoothly .
do n't be unprepared for your honeymoon , choose from this [choice] of useful things to help your trip run smoothly .

Brides and flower scan dress you in designer gowns from Benjamin Roberts , Strelli and Bridget Black or choose from their selection to hire .
brides and flower scan dress you in designer gowns from benjamin roberts , strelli and bridget black or choose from their [choice] to hire .

View the selection of Dizzie Lizzie Bridalwear at Amanda of Torquay , comprises of the Diella Collection , a range of sophisticated and romantic pure silk gowns and the Princess Collection , stunning beaded gowns .
view the [choice] of dizzie lizzie bridalwear at amanda of torquay , comprises of the diella collection , a range of sophisticated and romantic pure silk gowns and the princess collection , stunning beaded gowns .

We sat down to smoked salmon in herbs and large king prawns , followed by tender beef olives with a selection of the freshest vegetables .
we sat down to smoked salmon in herbs and large king prawns , followed by tender beef olives with a [choice] of the freshest vegetables .

Because , they argued , the males in coalitions were almost always close relatives , kin selection enhanced the benefits of cooperation .
because , they argued , the males in coalitions were almost always close relatives , kin [choice] enhanced the benefits of cooperation .

This observation , they believe , throws doubt on the importance of kin selection .
this observation , they believe , throws doubt on the importance of kin [choice] .

The researchers suggest that game theory , rather than kin selection , can account for the general absence of fighting over females within a coalition .
the researchers suggest that game theory , rather than kin [choice] , can account for the general absence of fighting over females within a coalition .

Bertram argues that game theory and kin selection should not be seen as alternative explanations ( Nature , vol 302 , p 356 ) .
bertram argues that game theory and kin [choice] should not be seen as alternative explanations ( nature , vol 302 , p 356 ) .

‘ The role of kin selection is that in competition between related males , it makes the costs higher and the benefits lower , ’ he says .
‘ the role of kin [choice] is that in competition between related males , it makes the costs higher and the benefits lower , ’ he says .

Nor is kin selection the only force promoting cooperation in lions ; but it can amplify the initial advantage of being in a group .
nor is kin [choice] the only force promoting cooperation in lions ; but it can amplify the initial advantage of being in a group .

Hence selection without these tests — which means reliance on grades , conduct , or family connections — is likely to be more biased than selection without them , Many state school systems have stopped routine intelligence testing , which means that most children will lose the benefits of a proper use of their scores in individualising instruction .
hence [choice] without these tests — which means reliance on grades , conduct , or family connections — is likely to be more biased than [choice] without them , many state school systems have stopped routine intelligence testing , which means that most children will lose the benefits of a proper use of their scores in individualising instruction .

He first describes his example ( which is usually taken from the evolution of the vertebrates ) in some detail : then he asserts that it is impossible that natural selection could have produced it .
he first describes his example ( which is usually taken from the evolution of the vertebrates ) in some detail : then he asserts that it is impossible that natural [choice] could have produced it .

The difficulty with natural selection which Taylor raises repeatedly is that it explains evolution by chance .
the difficulty with natural [choice] which taylor raises repeatedly is that it explains evolution by chance .

He has confused the random process of variation with the directing process of natural selection .
he has confused the random process of variation with the directing process of natural [choice] .

In his Descent of Man and Selection in Relation to Sex , therefore , Darwin concluded that for distasteful species ‘ the most gaudy colours would be serviceable , and might have been gained by variation and the survival of the most-easily recognised individuals ’ .
in his descent of man and [choice] in relation to sex , therefore , darwin concluded that for distasteful species ‘ the most gaudy colours would be serviceable , and might have been gained by variation and the survival of the most-easily recognised individuals ’ .

Dover is now proposing a third force that can genetically transform a species ; transforming not because of the external forces of selection or drift , but from within .
dover is now proposing a third force that can genetically transform a species ; transforming not because of the external forces of [choice] or drift , but from within .

Mutation ( the alteration of a gene ) and selection are well established .
mutation ( the alteration of a gene ) and [choice] are well established .

This strategy also increases the selection pressure for genetically resistant insects — hastening the inevitable switch to a newer , possibly more dangerous , and certainly more expensive insecticide .
this strategy also increases the [choice] pressure for genetically resistant insects — hastening the inevitable switch to a newer , possibly more dangerous , and certainly more expensive insecticide .

Strictly speaking , the isotope selection effect observed by the San Diego chemists is not the only one which can be independent of mass .
strictly speaking , the isotope [choice] effect observed by the san diego chemists is not the only one which can be independent of mass .

natural selection … genetic drift ’ .
natural [choice] … genetic drift ’ .

Although ‘ orthodox ’ theory disregards orthogenesis ( often confusing it with rectilinearity ) the existence of ‘ laws of growth ’ was recognised by Darwin , although he failed to synthesise their role in relation to the environment and vastly overemphasised the power and importance of natural selection .
although ‘ orthodox ’ theory disregards orthogenesis ( often confusing it with rectilinearity ) the existence of ‘ laws of growth ’ was recognised by darwin , although he failed to synthesise their role in relation to the environment and vastly overemphasised the power and importance of natural [choice] .

‘ There are thousands of traits all with different intensities of selection — you have to look for the critical ones-for Lovejoy and Latimer that means the joints of the knee and hip , not the hands and feet .
‘ there are thousands of traits all with different intensities of [choice] — you have to look for the critical ones-for lovejoy and latimer that means the joints of the knee and hip , not the hands and feet .

But out of 9000 books published in science , technology and medicine during 1982 ( plus the many thousands of titles in print ) , how does the student make his or her selection ?
but out of 9000 books published in science , technology and medicine during 1982 ( plus the many thousands of titles in print ) , how does the student make his or her [choice] ?

In Neutron Sources , various authors review a wide selection of neutron sources and discuss a limited range of applications , with emphasis on nuclear energy .
in neutron sources , various authors review a wide [choice] of neutron sources and discuss a limited range of applications , with emphasis on nuclear energy .

What is remarkable is that a consensus is achieved by natural selection , and the neologism is usually accepted by most people fairly quickly .
what is remarkable is that a consensus is achieved by natural [choice] , and the neologism is usually accepted by most people fairly quickly .

Operator selection , qualifications , training , responsibilities and manning levels must be clearly defined .
operator [choice] , qualifications , training , responsibilities and manning levels must be clearly defined .

There is , of course , much talk in the developed world that one of the roles of education is selection — picking out for advancement people who best fit a certain mould .
there is , of course , much talk in the developed world that one of the roles of education is [choice] — picking out for advancement people who best fit a certain mould .

But disappointed students , brought up with the idea that studying the subject of their choice was their legal right , appealed to the courts , who agreed with them , and so criteria for student selection became a matter for central government .
but disappointed students , brought up with the idea that studying the subject of their choice was their legal right , appealed to the courts , who agreed with them , and so criteria for student [choice] became a matter for central government .

Nicolaus then arranged a central group of toxic green eggs , surrounded some distance away , by a selection of non-toxic green and white eggs .
nicolaus then arranged a central group of toxic green eggs , surrounded some distance away , by a [choice] of non-toxic green and white eggs .

Allometry , the change in the relative size of body organs as an animal grows , has been presented as a challenge to the idea that the most significant characteristics of an animal are shaped by natural selection . But seek an adaptive reason why a particular organ should be extra large or small and ye shall find
allometry , the change in the relative size of body organs as an animal grows , has been presented as a challenge to the idea that the most significant characteristics of an animal are shaped by natural [choice] . but seek an adaptive reason why a particular organ should be extra large or small and ye shall find

The central question is whether animals possess important characteristics that are not adaptive , and which therefore , by definition , would not have been shaped by natural and sexual selection .
the central question is whether animals possess important characteristics that are not adaptive , and which therefore , by definition , would not have been shaped by natural and sexual [choice] .

If Huxley and Lewontin are right , then their examples indeed throw doubt upon the all-pervasiveness of natural and sexual selection .
if huxley and lewontin are right , then their examples indeed throw doubt upon the all-pervasiveness of natural and sexual [choice] .

Of course he was not excluding totally the role of natural selection in determining antler size : it would be natural selection , after all , that primarily determined body size in the first place .
of course he was not excluding totally the role of natural [choice] in determining antler size : it would be natural [choice] , after all , that primarily determined body size in the first place .

But Huxley did envisage that selection acted on genes that had more than one effect on the form ( morphology ) of an animal , so that although the large body size would be adaptive , the extra large antlers were simply a consequence of prolonged growth .
but huxley did envisage that [choice] acted on genes that had more than one effect on the form ( morphology ) of an animal , so that although the large body size would be adaptive , the extra large antlers were simply a consequence of prolonged growth .

Animals with different life styles clearly have different relative organ sizes and , therefore , allometric relationships can be adjusted by natural selection .
animals with different life styles clearly have different relative organ sizes and , therefore , allometric relationships can be adjusted by natural [choice] .

Your selection of the MacDonald and Wimpey story from The Phyrologist , ‘ Scientists make first plant-animal hybrid ’ ( Monitor , 31 March , p 888 ) was a delight .
your [choice] of the macdonald and wimpey story from the phyrologist , ‘ scientists make first plant-animal hybrid ’ ( monitor , 31 march , p 888 ) was a delight .

Candidates for transplants normally need careful selection — which was obviously impossible in the emergency that preceded last operation .
candidates for transplants normally need careful [choice] — which was obviously impossible in the emergency that preceded last operation .

The third hypothesis — the sexual selection or ‘ Gary Glitter ’ hypothesis — suggests that the brighter , more conspicuous nuptial plumage of the breeding male makes him more attractive to both females and predators .
the third hypothesis — the sexual [choice] or ‘ gary glitter ’ hypothesis — suggests that the brighter , more conspicuous nuptial plumage of the breeding male makes him more attractive to both females and predators .

There is no hard evidence for this opinion — no phenomena have been described that are not equally well explained by the action of selection .
there is no hard evidence for this opinion — no phenomena have been described that are not equally well explained by the action of [choice] .

Most have interesting things to say , but why they appear in the order they do is explicable only on some deep theory of random numbers : the editors provide no justification for the selection or their order — or useful introductory remarks or guidelines .
most have interesting things to say , but why they appear in the order they do is explicable only on some deep theory of random numbers : the editors provide no justification for the [choice] or their order — or useful introductory remarks or guidelines .

When we turn to that most distinctive feature of cave organisms , regressive evolution , we can not decide whether it is caused by selection or genetic drift ; nor can we settle whether allozymic variation is due to selection or drift .
when we turn to that most distinctive feature of cave organisms , regressive evolution , we can not decide whether it is caused by [choice] or genetic drift ; nor can we settle whether allozymic variation is due to [choice] or drift .

Practical matters also reared their head when 15 teams were given three hours and a selection of Meccano , paper cups , cotton reels and other bits and pieces to make a machine that would take a bag of coins all in one go , and dispense them one at a time for sorting .
practical matters also reared their head when 15 teams were given three hours and a [choice] of meccano , paper cups , cotton reels and other bits and pieces to make a machine that would take a bag of coins all in one go , and dispense them one at a time for sorting .

Last week Hewlett-Packard announced that 14 Californian schools — six of them in Silicon Valley — would each receive 10 computers with video monitors and printers , 12 disc drives , two graphics plotters and a selection of educational software .
last week hewlett-packard announced that 14 californian schools — six of them in silicon valley — would each receive 10 computers with video monitors and printers , 12 disc drives , two graphics plotters and a [choice] of educational software .

Kammerer must have been inadvertently imposing massive selection pressure on the eggs , weeding out all those eggs that were unlikely to survive and develop in a watery environment .
kammerer must have been inadvertently imposing massive [choice] pressure on the eggs , weeding out all those eggs that were unlikely to survive and develop in a watery environment .

Kammerer must have been imposing such intense selection on such a large sample of eggs that he was able to filter out the odd egg that carried the remnant complex of genes still present in the species ' gene pool at very low frequencies .
kammerer must have been imposing such intense [choice] on such a large sample of eggs that he was able to filter out the odd egg that carried the remnant complex of genes still present in the species ' gene pool at very low frequencies .

For a modest sum , a family sitting in the comfort of their home could listen for a whole year to one performance nightly from a selection of theatres , music halls and concert halls with a choice of a dozen church services on Sundays .
for a modest sum , a family sitting in the comfort of their home could listen for a whole year to one performance nightly from a [choice] of theatres , music halls and concert halls with a choice of a dozen church services on sundays .

( In the Mediterranean the kernel is only 35 per cent and the shell 65 per cent ; the Californian reversal is just one result of the intensive breeding and selection programme . )
( in the mediterranean the kernel is only 35 per cent and the shell 65 per cent ; the californian reversal is just one result of the intensive breeding and [choice] programme . )

When Franz Gall , phrenology 's founding father and Spurzheim 's teacher in Vienna , visited England in 1823 he brought with him a selection of some 3000 skulls , plus drawings of the great men of the past .
when franz gall , phrenology 's founding father and spurzheim 's teacher in vienna , visited england in 1823 he brought with him a [choice] of some 3000 skulls , plus drawings of the great men of the past .

These arguments would not convince a student of natural selection .
these arguments would not convince a student of natural [choice] .

In this book , Woodruff Sullivan traces the actual story of the birth and early growth of a new science in our own time , by reprinting a selection of 37 ‘ key ’ papers in radio astronomy .
in this book , woodruff sullivan traces the actual story of the birth and early growth of a new science in our own time , by reprinting a [choice] of 37 ‘ key ’ papers in radio astronomy .

Successful selection of the sexes
successful [choice] of the sexes

Under such conditions natural selection may favour some individuals occupying the all-female life style .
under such conditions natural [choice] may favour some individuals occupying the all-female life style .

Furthermore , the equilibrium allocation often reduces to the so-called Shaw-Mohler form , that selection favours mutants which alter life histories so that the per cent gain in fitness through one sex function exceeds the per cent loss through the other sex function .
furthermore , the equilibrium allocation often reduces to the so-called shaw-mohler form , that [choice] favours mutants which alter life histories so that the per cent gain in fitness through one sex function exceeds the per cent loss through the other sex function .

The role of natural selection in bringing about the gross changes in the evolution of animals is thus brought into question .
the role of natural [choice] in bringing about the gross changes in the evolution of animals is thus brought into question .

Though competition between individuals or populations , leading to the selection of one and the demise of the other , may well fine-tune the course of evolution , the mass replacement of one dominant life-form by another may depend on environmental factors or chance events that lead to the disappearance of the first before the second can begin to radiate .
though competition between individuals or populations , leading to the [choice] of one and the demise of the other , may well fine-tune the course of evolution , the mass replacement of one dominant life-form by another may depend on environmental factors or chance events that lead to the disappearance of the first before the second can begin to radiate .

The selection seems to have taken into account the moves within London University to amalgamate some colleges and form five science centres .
the [choice] seems to have taken into account the moves within london university to amalgamate some colleges and form five science centres .

The University Grants Committee and the research councils worked together on the selection job .
the university grants committee and the research councils worked together on the [choice] job .

This means that plant breeders who try to create higher-yielding or disease-resistant varieties by selection or hybridisation from existing varieties can make only limited progress ; the genes they need are simply not found in the cultivated populations .
this means that plant breeders who try to create higher-yielding or disease-resistant varieties by [choice] or hybridisation from existing varieties can make only limited progress ; the genes they need are simply not found in the cultivated populations .

The mule is very much a product of artificial selection , for although wild horses and asses have roamed together in parts of South America there appear to be no records of naturally occurring hybrids .
the mule is very much a product of artificial [choice] , for although wild horses and asses have roamed together in parts of south america there appear to be no records of naturally occurring hybrids .

Where the mucous has become distasteful , the animals bearing it have prospered , and in this way increasingly distasteful and eventually highly poisonous secretions have been favoured by natural selection .
where the mucous has become distasteful , the animals bearing it have prospered , and in this way increasingly distasteful and eventually highly poisonous secretions have been favoured by natural [choice] .

Despite the superficial stupidity of the action , it must have some special advantage in at least enough cases for it to have been the subject of natural selection .
despite the superficial stupidity of the action , it must have some special advantage in at least enough cases for it to have been the subject of natural [choice] .

Here selection has favoured display developments that make the birds look not fearsome but disabled .
here [choice] has favoured display developments that make the birds look not fearsome but disabled .

The pattern of enrolments in school exercises so much potential effect on the selection and ordering of material that it is surprising that it causes so little apparent concern to curriculum planners .
the pattern of enrolments in school exercises so much potential effect on the [choice] and ordering of material that it is surprising that it causes so little apparent concern to curriculum planners .

All are linked , in their own special way , with the business of selection and implementation and , in an ideal world , should have a common interest towards maintaining quality in schools .
all are linked , in their own special way , with the business of [choice] and implementation and , in an ideal world , should have a common interest towards maintaining quality in schools .

To a certain degree such borrowings have continued , often prompted by the same underlying sense of insecurity which seeks the new or the modern uncritically rather than as a result of any conscious selection of educational objectives or examination of alternatives .
to a certain degree such borrowings have continued , often prompted by the same underlying sense of insecurity which seeks the new or the modern uncritically rather than as a result of any conscious [choice] of educational objectives or examination of alternatives .

The following criteria for selection of content were also set :
the following criteria for [choice] of content were also set :

These include the selection of subjects and their emphasis , the way teachers are trained , how materials are written and presented , the content and conduct of assessment procedures and a host of other key decisions .
these include the [choice] of subjects and their emphasis , the way teachers are trained , how materials are written and presented , the content and conduct of assessment procedures and a host of other key decisions .

In the first place the setting up of machinery for examination and selection predates the creation of means to plan and develop curriculum .
in the first place the setting up of machinery for examination and [choice] predates the creation of means to plan and develop curriculum .

Of deep concern , also , is the fact that in many countries machinery and criteria for final assessment of primary school children ( with all the feedback that this brings into the school curriculum ) are still dominated by the requirements of selection for Secondary School despite the obvious truth of Nyerere 's statement that those capable of further education will readily identify themselves .
of deep concern , also , is the fact that in many countries machinery and criteria for final assessment of primary school children ( with all the feedback that this brings into the school curriculum ) are still dominated by the requirements of [choice] for secondary school despite the obvious truth of nyerere 's statement that those capable of further education will readily identify themselves .

These issues are discussed later in greater detail , but even at this point they must be raised and current policies and machinery for assessment and selection set alongside those for curriculum planning and development described earlier in this chapter .
these issues are discussed later in greater detail , but even at this point they must be raised and current policies and machinery for assessment and [choice] set alongside those for curriculum planning and development described earlier in this chapter .

The choice of language affects selection , integration and choice of curriculum content throughout the primary cycle , and is of dominant importance in planning for the first school years .
the choice of language affects [choice] , integration and choice of curriculum content throughout the primary cycle , and is of dominant importance in planning for the first school years .

The basis for selection of materials varies between mainly content based criteria ( e.g .
the basis for [choice] of materials varies between mainly content based criteria ( e.g .

There is some common ground between these two approaches to selection of materials for Science teaching , but they do result in radically different programmes : the content based approach is much easier to understand and interpret by the average teacher whereas the process-based approach often strikes much deeper towards the prior aim of making learners think more scientifically in a world where this process is increasingly necessary for survival .
there is some common ground between these two approaches to [choice] of materials for science teaching , but they do result in radically different programmes : the content based approach is much easier to understand and interpret by the average teacher whereas the process-based approach often strikes much deeper towards the prior aim of making learners think more scientifically in a world where this process is increasingly necessary for survival .

Examinations , selection and the official curriculum
examinations , [choice] and the official curriculum

Frequently , indeed , local languages are not examined or not counted in the final mark to determine selection .
frequently , indeed , local languages are not examined or not counted in the final mark to determine [choice] .

The final task is to reconsider the virtual monopoly of the final examination as the instrument of selection .
the final task is to reconsider the virtual monopoly of the final examination as the instrument of [choice] .

’ If we wish to make a reality out of Nyerere 's vision , the place to start with is the secondary school selection examination .
’ if we wish to make a reality out of nyerere 's vision , the place to start with is the secondary school [choice] examination .

How is this selection to be expressed to the users ?
how is this [choice] to be expressed to the users ?

But to consider only the final selection examination , is to see only half the picture .
but to consider only the final [choice] examination , is to see only half the picture .

To consider the broad implications of these priorities on the selection and balance of the curriculum .
to consider the broad implications of these priorities on the [choice] and balance of the curriculum .

‘ When taking a fresh look at your wardrobe , editing it to suit your lifestyle , do n't neglect to amass a good accessory selection . ’ Fashion editor , advising older women
‘ when taking a fresh look at your wardrobe , editing it to suit your lifestyle , do n't neglect to amass a good accessory [choice] . ’ fashion editor , advising older women

To give an impression of the terrible times , the stories of 3 Ayrshire men have been selected , a purely personal selection .
to give an impression of the terrible times , the stories of 3 ayrshire men have been selected , a purely personal [choice] .

Until the regionalisation of local government in 1975 , the papingo trophy was on display in Kilwinning Town Chambers but when the local council ceased to exist , the piece of historic silverware was placed in safe-keeping to await the selection of a new home .
until the regionalisation of local government in 1975 , the papingo trophy was on display in kilwinning town chambers but when the local council ceased to exist , the piece of historic silverware was placed in safe-keeping to await the [choice] of a new home .

Yet one had to admit that the divine selection could take singular forms .
yet one had to admit that the divine [choice] could take singular forms .

No matter how good the firm 's organisation it can not compensate for low-grade staff ; the selection and training of personnel is therefore an essential part of the surveyor 's management function .
no matter how good the firm 's organisation it can not compensate for low-grade staff ; the [choice] and training of personnel is therefore an essential part of the surveyor 's management function .

Nowadays there is a bewildering selection from which to choose .
nowadays there is a bewildering [choice] from which to choose .

The selection of a building contract for a particular project is unfortunately often left too late to allow proper consideration of matching the contract to the job .
the [choice] of a building contract for a particular project is unfortunately often left too late to allow proper consideration of matching the contract to the job .

No doubt there would be disagreement as to precise figures , both in absolute and percentage terms for Soviet economic growth during this period ; and the above small selection is only meant to be indicative .
no doubt there would be disagreement as to precise figures , both in absolute and percentage terms for soviet economic growth during this period ; and the above small [choice] is only meant to be indicative .

There are bargains to be had from Australia , with a particularly good selection in Oddbins , which tempts you to buy more by offering seven bottles for the price of six , for any sparklers over £5.99 .
there are bargains to be had from australia , with a particularly good [choice] in oddbins , which tempts you to buy more by offering seven bottles for the price of six , for any sparklers over £5.99 .

It was the third visit to Chichester for the company of final year students of the Northern Ballet 's Central School of Ballet who both surprised and astounded their audiences with a fast moving and challenging selection of classical and contemporary works .
it was the third visit to chichester for the company of final year students of the northern ballet 's central school of ballet who both surprised and astounded their audiences with a fast moving and challenging [choice] of classical and contemporary works .

The stand will be open all day to provide friendly and informal information , and a selection of relevant literature will be available .
the stand will be open all day to provide friendly and informal information , and a [choice] of relevant literature will be available .

Mrs. Jarrett was presented with a selection of compact discs .
mrs. jarrett was presented with a [choice] of compact discs .

Sharing the second floor with Len Wilding 's varied contribution is wildlife artist Joan Wingate , with a selection of birds and animals — real and mythological .
sharing the second floor with len wilding 's varied contribution is wildlife artist joan wingate , with a [choice] of birds and animals — real and mythological .

Three dimensional works are represented too , with a display of Juliet Chamberlain 's hand painted china , bedecked with pretty humming birds and water lilies , while Len Wilding shows a selection of terracotta clay figures and heads .
three dimensional works are represented too , with a display of juliet chamberlain 's hand painted china , bedecked with pretty humming birds and water lilies , while len wilding shows a [choice] of terracotta clay figures and heads .

Kicking off in tandem with the start of the summer series on Saturday , April 4th is the club 's Royal Yachting Association based training programme which offers a wide and comprehensive selection of courses up until the end of October .
kicking off in tandem with the start of the summer series on saturday , april 4th is the club 's royal yachting association based training programme which offers a wide and comprehensive [choice] of courses up until the end of october .

The show was over , the audience had drifted away to a reception room where they would be further wooed with a glass of champagne and a selection of canapes and nibbles and Paula , dressed now in one of her own suits , smart black barathea , had emerged from the dressing rooms to meet the waiting Sally and Edward .
the show was over , the audience had drifted away to a reception room where they would be further wooed with a glass of champagne and a [choice] of canapes and nibbles and paula , dressed now in one of her own suits , smart black barathea , had emerged from the dressing rooms to meet the waiting sally and edward .

We must constantly compare the copy with the reality shown to us by experienced paddlers and not simply look hard at a wide selection of paddlers and not simply look at our own friends and colleagues who may have been influenced by the same paddle strokes that we are studying ourselves .
we must constantly compare the copy with the reality shown to us by experienced paddlers and not simply look hard at a wide [choice] of paddlers and not simply look at our own friends and colleagues who may have been influenced by the same paddle strokes that we are studying ourselves .

In full colour throughout , its 32 pages of clothing items have been carefully laid out by Charles Willis with an interesting selection of canoeing photographs .
in full colour throughout , its 32 pages of clothing items have been carefully laid out by charles willis with an interesting [choice] of canoeing photographs .

The Canoe-Camper is now on glossy paper and a selection of photographs are included for the first time .
the canoe-camper is now on glossy paper and a [choice] of photographs are included for the first time .

These topics are discussed more fully in the last two chapters , on the Formative Mind , and throughout the two associated books in this series , Natural Creation … Or Natural Selection ?
these topics are discussed more fully in the last two chapters , on the formative mind , and throughout the two associated books in this series , natural creation … or natural [choice] ?

There are amoebae which gather sandgrains of particular sizes — a process clearly requiring a selection procedure , an instinctive ability to make decisions — using them as a protective outer layer .
there are amoebae which gather sandgrains of particular sizes — a process clearly requiring a [choice] procedure , an instinctive ability to make decisions — using them as a protective outer layer .

Moreover , such ‘ evolution ’ by chance mutation has no goal in mind . So if natural selection of random mutations were truly the driving factor underlying change among the creatures , why is nature not riddled with biological imperfections at a biochemical and physiological level ? Why are there no half-formed sense organs or biochemical networks , with a few links still missing ? However , this is a subject we return to with full attention in Natural Creation … Or Natural Selection ?
moreover , such ‘ evolution ’ by chance mutation has no goal in mind . so if natural [choice] of random mutations were truly the driving factor underlying change among the creatures , why is nature not riddled with biological imperfections at a biochemical and physiological level ? why are there no half-formed sense organs or biochemical networks , with a few links still missing ? however , this is a subject we return to with full attention in natural creation … or natural [choice] ?

They both limit their coverage to Britain , and this has influenced my own selection of examples ; similar themes to those discussed do occur in other parts of the world .
they both limit their coverage to britain , and this has influenced my own [choice] of examples ; similar themes to those discussed do occur in other parts of the world .

The not always obvious selection ranges from Gluck to Giordano , taking in en route Handel , Mozart , Boieldieu , Rossini , Donizetti , Thomas , Flotow , Verdi , Goldmark ( a particularly enjoyable version of ‘ Magische Tone ’ from The Queen of Sheba ) and Bizet .
the not always obvious [choice] ranges from gluck to giordano , taking in en route handel , mozart , boieldieu , rossini , donizetti , thomas , flotow , verdi , goldmark ( a particularly enjoyable version of ‘ magische tone ’ from the queen of sheba ) and bizet .

Smolsky has composed in most of the major genres , although the Olympia selection concentrates solely on his orchestral output .
smolsky has composed in most of the major genres , although the olympia [choice] concentrates solely on his orchestral output .

Anthony Rooley 's selection of Arcadelt madrigals is judicious and demonstrates the expressive power of his music .
anthony rooley 's [choice] of arcadelt madrigals is judicious and demonstrates the expressive power of his music .

For those wanting a good highlights selection of the best pieces , Antrás Schieff on Decca would be a good bet .
for those wanting a good highlights [choice] of the best pieces , antrás schieff on decca would be a good bet .

Préludes , Etudes , Mazurkas , ( Selection )
préludes , etudes , mazurkas , ( [choice] )

Heinrich Neuhaus , the great teacher , performs a selection of the Préludes with a civilised warmth , authority of experience , and conviction of phrasing , whilst the disc finishes with performances from the composer 's son-in-law , Vladimir Sofronitski .
heinrich neuhaus , the great teacher , performs a [choice] of the préludes with a civilised warmth , authority of experience , and conviction of phrasing , whilst the disc finishes with performances from the composer 's son-in-law , vladimir sofronitski .

The care and attention given to every phrase is apparent in a selection of Etudes before an enormously conceived Vers la flamme rounds off the recital in a haze of white hot passion and intensity .
the care and attention given to every phrase is apparent in a [choice] of etudes before an enormously conceived vers la flamme rounds off the recital in a haze of white hot passion and intensity .

Golliwog 's Cake Walk , La fille aux cheveux de lin , Porgy & Bess , Danza espagnola , El Amor brujo , a selection of Shostakovich Piano Preludes , a March by Prokofiev , and an original by Michael Thomas all come up fresh as daisies in new string quartet settings .
golliwog 's cake walk , la fille aux cheveux de lin , porgy & bess , danza espagnola , el amor brujo , a [choice] of shostakovich piano preludes , a march by prokofiev , and an original by michael thomas all come up fresh as daisies in new string quartet settings .

It serves as a dual purpose : it performs a musicological service by presenting us with an intelligently planned selection of the kind of harpsichord music current in the Germany in which the young Bach grew up , and it also lets us hear several composers of outstanding merit in their own right .
it serves as a dual purpose : it performs a musicological service by presenting us with an intelligently planned [choice] of the kind of harpsichord music current in the germany in which the young bach grew up , and it also lets us hear several composers of outstanding merit in their own right .

What a selection we have here !
what a [choice] we have here !

This spread of interest is very much borne out by the selection of numbers given to each of the tenors where Tauber has more semi-serious and operatic numbers to sing than his tow seniors .
this spread of interest is very much borne out by the [choice] of numbers given to each of the tenors where tauber has more semi-serious and operatic numbers to sing than his tow seniors .

Growing companies are among those most at risk , she claims , when going down the old-fashioned selection route .
growing companies are among those most at risk , she claims , when going down the old-fashioned [choice] route .

He sees the slump as an opportunity for natural selection — and corporate evolution — rather than as a problem with the economy .
he sees the slump as an opportunity for natural [choice] — and corporate evolution — rather than as a problem with the economy .

If you are on the hop , there is an excellent selection of beers .
if you are on the hop , there is an excellent [choice] of beers .

The range of chemicals that have been identified as causing problems is enormous — Table 3 shows a representative selection .
the range of chemicals that have been identified as causing problems is enormous — table 3 shows a representative [choice] .

It identifies in particular local authorities as applying such pressure , and asks them to permit librarians to exercise their professional discretion in the selection of stock .
it identifies in particular local authorities as applying such pressure , and asks them to permit librarians to exercise their professional discretion in the [choice] of stock .

The above 1963 and 1978 statements by the Library Association are unequivocal and admirable statements of what is , and should be , the professional position with regard to censorship in libraries and the nature of the librarians ' responsibilities in the selection of publications .
the above 1963 and 1978 statements by the library association are unequivocal and admirable statements of what is , and should be , the professional position with regard to censorship in libraries and the nature of the librarians ' responsibilities in the [choice] of publications .

The 1978 statement highlighted the increasing interference by local authorities in book selection , and pointed to the possible consequent danger to minority interests .
the 1978 statement highlighted the increasing interference by local authorities in book [choice] , and pointed to the possible consequent danger to minority interests .

5 Censorship and book selection
5 censorship and book [choice]

Censorship , selection and rejection
censorship , [choice] and rejection

Few librarians would agree that censorship has anything to do with book selection , and indeed as we shall see they are or should be diametrically opposite operations with entirely different functions .
few librarians would agree that censorship has anything to do with book [choice] , and indeed as we shall see they are or should be diametrically opposite operations with entirely different functions .

Probably the clearest statements on book selection are by Lester Asheim in a defence of book selection against the charge of censorship .
probably the clearest statements on book [choice] are by lester asheim in a defence of book [choice] against the charge of censorship .

His paper provides clear distinctions between book selection and censorship .
his paper provides clear distinctions between book [choice] and censorship .

Basically he contends that censorship is a negative process and selection is a positive one .
basically he contends that censorship is a negative process and [choice] is a positive one .

In the former we look for the objectionable and unacceptable features in the book and use these as the basis of rejection , and in the latter we look for the meritorious and desirable features in the book and use these as the basis of selection .
in the former we look for the objectionable and unacceptable features in the book and use these as the basis of rejection , and in the latter we look for the meritorious and desirable features in the book and use these as the basis of [choice] .

Yet this ‘ black and white ’ approach is not enough and he goes further : each text , Asheim argues , should be assessed as a whole — to do otherwise would be fair neither to the book nor to the author . It is interesting to note that Asheim 's exhortation to judge the book as a whole in book selection pre-dates the text of the Obscene Publications Act 1959 which demanded that :
yet this ‘ black and white ’ approach is not enough and he goes further : each text , asheim argues , should be assessed as a whole — to do otherwise would be fair neither to the book nor to the author . it is interesting to note that asheim 's exhortation to judge the book as a whole in book [choice] pre-dates the text of the obscene publications act 1959 which demanded that :

The point to make here is that if it is good enough for the courts to judge a publication as a whole then it would be perverse of a librarian to do otherwise in book selection .
the point to make here is that if it is good enough for the courts to judge a publication as a whole then it would be perverse of a librarian to do otherwise in book [choice] .

Asheim made several further valid points about book selection which not only suggest responsible action by the librarian , but recognize and assume that the library user is an intelligent and responsible person .
asheim made several further valid points about book [choice] which not only suggest responsible action by the librarian , but recognize and assume that the library user is an intelligent and responsible person .

Of course the above differentiation between book selection and censorship is a simplification .
of course the above differentiation between book [choice] and censorship is a simplification .

In practice the distinction is far from clearcut , but the object here was to emphasize that philosophically book selection and censorship are miles apart .
in practice the distinction is far from clearcut , but the object here was to emphasize that philosophically book [choice] and censorship are miles apart .

Let us see how book selection and censorship can become almost inextricably interwoven — in the increasingly common , political context .
let us see how book [choice] and censorship can become almost inextricably interwoven — in the increasingly common , political context .

Censorship , selection policy and the role of politics
censorship , [choice] policy and the role of politics

The equation of selection with censorship is dangerous .
the equation of [choice] with censorship is dangerous .

Censorship is the banning of material on political grounds , selection is matching our proposed client with their projected information and leisure needs .
censorship is the banning of material on political grounds , [choice] is matching our proposed client with their projected information and leisure needs .

… selection should not be left to individual librarians to be based on ‘ the mood of the speaker ’ , and this is not happening in authorities that are recognising the need for properly thought-out selection policies based on the political policies of the local authority , together with an analysis of the local community , in the context of wider statutory provision across the authority .
… [choice] should not be left to individual librarians to be based on ‘ the mood of the speaker ’ , and this is not happening in authorities that are recognising the need for properly thought-out [choice] policies based on the political policies of the local authority , together with an analysis of the local community , in the context of wider statutory provision across the authority .

These are illuminating statements , encapsulating several important aspects of the problem of censorship and book selection .
these are illuminating statements , encapsulating several important aspects of the problem of censorship and book [choice] .

First of all there is the question of what part censorship plays in book selection .
first of all there is the question of what part censorship plays in book [choice] .

Atkins seemed not to notice that ‘ selection policies based on the political policies of the local authority ’ combined with his earlier statement that ‘ censorship is the banning of material on political grounds ’ inevitably means that , for this librarian at least , censorship is an admitted and major constituent of the selection process .
atkins seemed not to notice that ‘ [choice] policies based on the political policies of the local authority ’ combined with his earlier statement that ‘ censorship is the banning of material on political grounds ’ inevitably means that , for this librarian at least , censorship is an admitted and major constituent of the [choice] process .

Of course there are occasions when censorship is deemed legitimate in the selection process . In its study of Trends in public library selection policies , Capital Planning Information quoted from two selection policy documents as follows :
of course there are occasions when censorship is deemed legitimate in the [choice] process . in its study of trends in public library [choice] policies , capital planning information quoted from two [choice] policy documents as follows :

Secondly , there is the problem of political bias in book and periodical selection in libraries .
secondly , there is the problem of political bias in book and periodical [choice] in libraries .

The quotations above illustrate this left-wing frankness , and show how far political allegiances in some cases determine selection policy .
the quotations above illustrate this left-wing frankness , and show how far political allegiances in some cases determine [choice] policy .

Such a selection policy is clearly professionally and publicly unacceptable , from any political grouping , and if pursued over a period of time , will surely replace education with propaganda as one of the purposes of the public library service .
such a [choice] policy is clearly professionally and publicly unacceptable , from any political grouping , and if pursued over a period of time , will surely replace education with propaganda as one of the purposes of the public library service .

However , in spite of such increasingly overt politicization and polarization of libraries and librarians , the level of political intrusion in library selection policy is frequently limited by the need to be practical and realistic .
however , in spite of such increasingly overt politicization and polarization of libraries and librarians , the level of political intrusion in library [choice] policy is frequently limited by the need to be practical and realistic .

Public statements of selection policy
public statements of [choice] policy

Atkins alludes to the danger of equating selection with censorship .
atkins alludes to the danger of equating [choice] with censorship .

Although librarians might not make the mistake of viewing selection as censorship , amongst the general public * might be difficult to make the distinction given the sensational and mischievous coverage given to some alleged library censorship in the media .
although librarians might not make the mistake of viewing [choice] as censorship , amongst the general public * might be difficult to make the distinction given the sensational and mischievous coverage given to some alleged library censorship in the media .

This public impression thrives in a climate of secrecy , or , to put it more fairly , in a climate where there is a lack of information on the selection process , the selection criteria , the selection policy and the selection decisions .
this public impression thrives in a climate of secrecy , or , to put it more fairly , in a climate where there is a lack of information on the [choice] process , the [choice] criteria , the [choice] policy and the [choice] decisions .

Selection policy guidelines are common but in general such documents are only available to those working in the library .
[choice] policy guidelines are common but in general such documents are only available to those working in the library .

Some libraries have no selection policy statement and this is surely half the cause of library censorship and the trouble it causes .
some libraries have no [choice] policy statement and this is surely half the cause of library censorship and the trouble it causes .

Capital Planning Information in its study Trends in public library selection policies summed up its brief notes on censorship with the suggestion that
capital planning information in its study trends in public library [choice] policies summed up its brief notes on censorship with the suggestion that

This issue , while causing considerable problems to librarians in individual cases , is not one which affects selection trends to any extent .
this issue , while causing considerable problems to librarians in individual cases , is not one which affects [choice] trends to any extent .

Religion acted as a powerful selection pressure on feline coloration .
religion acted as a powerful [choice] pressure on feline coloration .

So , after many years of religious selection pressure working against the pure-black cat , there was now the added pressure of medical quackery .
so , after many years of religious [choice] pressure working against the pure-black cat , there was now the added pressure of medical quackery .

Since competitive cat shows began , there has been a third selection pressure operating on feline coat colours — that of purification .
since competitive cat shows began , there has been a third [choice] pressure operating on feline coat colours — that of purification .

The results of the research projects , however , do have practical implications for the selection and training of sisters .
the results of the research projects , however , do have practical implications for the [choice] and training of sisters .

The selection of methods and resources is a major topic in itself , for just as there is no one best method of learning there is no one best method of teaching .
the [choice] of methods and resources is a major topic in itself , for just as there is no one best method of learning there is no one best method of teaching .

We now have three criteria for the selection of methods and resources : that they should be appropriate for the objectives and the students to be taught ; that they should be practicable in the context of the teaching session ; and that they should be compatible with the personal resources of the teacher .
we now have three criteria for the [choice] of methods and resources : that they should be appropriate for the objectives and the students to be taught ; that they should be practicable in the context of the teaching session ; and that they should be compatible with the personal resources of the teacher .

In this way the curriculum objectives become a teaching resource , upon which the method of teaching and selection of teaching aids are based .
in this way the curriculum objectives become a teaching resource , upon which the method of teaching and [choice] of teaching aids are based .

Availability and selection of aids
availability and [choice] of aids

Careful selection of films therefore aids learning .
careful [choice] of films therefore aids learning .

The Selection Process
the [choice] process

Next you will be asked to attend a selection seminar to assess your progress .
next you will be asked to attend a [choice] seminar to assess your progress .

Late applicants are also invited to participate in this selection seminar .
late applicants are also invited to participate in this [choice] seminar .

Selection Calendar
[choice] calendar

For many courses a formal interview is an essential part of the selection procedure .
for many courses a formal interview is an essential part of the [choice] procedure .

Such applicants may be asked to take a test or take part in some other selection procedure to assess whether they are likely to be able to cope with the work expected of a university student .
such applicants may be asked to take a test or take part in some other [choice] procedure to assess whether they are likely to be able to cope with the work expected of a university student .

Students may , by careful selection , build a course of informed specialization or one of reflective overview .
students may , by careful [choice] , build a course of informed specialization or one of reflective overview .

An interview will normally form part of the selection process .
an interview will normally form part of the [choice] process .

An interview normally forms part of the selection process .
an interview normally forms part of the [choice] process .

Selection takes place at the end of the first year .
[choice] takes place at the end of the first year .

Selection takes place at the end of the first year .
[choice] takes place at the end of the first year .

At the end of this year the selection process for BEng or MEng will take place .
at the end of this year the [choice] process for beng or meng will take place .

When the Girls left to get married at the end of each show , rather than risk Jennie 's haphazard choice of replacements , she sent over the two Head Girls who were almost resident in America , Rene Todd or Dorothy Sabine , to make their own selection .
when the girls left to get married at the end of each show , rather than risk jennie 's haphazard choice of replacements , she sent over the two head girls who were almost resident in america , rene todd or dorothy sabine , to make their own [choice] .

Mr Smith had firmly kept to his intention of dealing only with the financial side of the business and absolutely refused to participate in the selection of Girls .
mr smith had firmly kept to his intention of dealing only with the financial side of the business and absolutely refused to participate in the [choice] of girls .

Making sure of a balanced diet means , essentially , eating a selection of different foods , with no one type predominating .
making sure of a balanced diet means , essentially , eating a [choice] of different foods , with no one type predominating .

Room , breakfast ( a superb selection of vegetarian and traditional Yorkshire food ) plus theatre ticket is £25.00 ( en-suite £28.00 ) .
room , breakfast ( a superb [choice] of vegetarian and traditional yorkshire food ) plus theatre ticket is £25.00 ( en-suite £28.00 ) .

The shop — great gifts and souvenirs , superb specialists selection .
the shop — great gifts and souvenirs , superb specialists [choice] .

Fine selection of Sheepskins at bargain prices
fine [choice] of sheepskins at bargain prices

Adjacent to the Winery you will find a selection of Period Oak & Country Furniture , displayed in an Attractive Setting , Complemented by a selection of Paintings & Ceramics .
adjacent to the winery you will find a [choice] of period oak & country furniture , displayed in an attractive setting , complemented by a [choice] of paintings & ceramics .

The Heritage Gift Shop has a superb selection of unusual gifts , cards , jewellery , books and souvenirs , all with an historical bias .
the heritage gift shop has a superb [choice] of unusual gifts , cards , jewellery , books and souvenirs , all with an historical bias .

— The Harewood Shops stock a wide selection of good quality gifts and souvenirs .
— the harewood shops stock a wide [choice] of good quality gifts and souvenirs .

There is a selection of perennials , biennials and annuals which produce abundant flowers for cutting , many of which are also ideal for drying .
there is a [choice] of perennials , biennials and annuals which produce abundant flowers for cutting , many of which are also ideal for drying .

Also in the gallery is the holographic giftshop which offers a rare opportunity to purchase fascinating souvenirs from a dazzling range of laser products , the latest hologram watches and calculators and a unique range of holographic jewellery , with the largest selection of holograms for the home .
also in the gallery is the holographic giftshop which offers a rare opportunity to purchase fascinating souvenirs from a dazzling range of laser products , the latest hologram watches and calculators and a unique range of holographic jewellery , with the largest [choice] of holograms for the home .

It consists of six parts : Connection commands ; selection of a database ; constitution and use of indexes ; truncation and direct searches in inverted files ; use of Boolean operators ; online and offline prints .
it consists of six parts : connection commands ; [choice] of a database ; constitution and use of indexes ; truncation and direct searches in inverted files ; use of boolean operators ; online and offline prints .

Information was sought also about the relationship of topic work to the rest of the curriculum , about the selection of topics or themes , about teachers ' criteria for judging whether topics were successful , and about the advice they would give to student teachers about to tackle project work .
information was sought also about the relationship of topic work to the rest of the curriculum , about the [choice] of topics or themes , about teachers ' criteria for judging whether topics were successful , and about the advice they would give to student teachers about to tackle project work .

Some of the present generation 's problems with information will therefore recede , but they will be replaced by others : and chief amongst these are selection , interpretation and evaluation of information .
some of the present generation 's problems with information will therefore recede , but they will be replaced by others : and chief amongst these are [choice] , interpretation and evaluation of information .

However , selection of goals often can be extremely difficult .
however , [choice] of goals often can be extremely difficult .

The actual selection and number of participating banks depends upon the loan 's size ( some are for several billion dollars ) and any special relationships between banks , e.g .
the actual [choice] and number of participating banks depends upon the loan 's size ( some are for several billion dollars ) and any special relationships between banks , e.g .

The list is not exhaustive , but what this present section sets out to do is give a very substantial selection illustrating the range of material which can be drawn on by the researcher .
the list is not exhaustive , but what this present section sets out to do is give a very substantial [choice] illustrating the range of material which can be drawn on by the researcher .

Hoyle writes : ‘ My own recent work has caused me to doubt , not that evolution takes place , but that it takes place according to the usual theory of natural selection operating on randomly generated mutations .
hoyle writes : ‘ my own recent work has caused me to doubt , not that evolution takes place , but that it takes place according to the usual theory of natural [choice] operating on randomly generated mutations .

Political considerations governed the selection of some sites .
political considerations governed the [choice] of some sites .

The following are a selection of the many Acts , Circulars and other government publications relating to land use in the context of conflicting demands from development and conservation interests .
the following are a [choice] of the many acts , circulars and other government publications relating to land use in the context of conflicting demands from development and conservation interests .

This section lists a selection of relevant material but excludes the various sources of data on shopping developments and associated planning inquiries .
this section lists a [choice] of relevant material but excludes the various sources of data on shopping developments and associated planning inquiries .

The fourth stage was the selection of the individual for interview at that address .
the fourth stage was the [choice] of the individual for interview at that address .

If not , a new selection process was required : all the adults in the household were listed and one was selected at random ; this happened in 30 per cent of households .
if not , a new [choice] process was required : all the adults in the household were listed and one was selected at random ; this happened in 30 per cent of households .

In particular , three such considerations influenced our analysis and selection of carrier variables .
in particular , three such considerations influenced our analysis and [choice] of carrier variables .

The selection of a suitable error model is problematic .
the [choice] of a suitable error model is problematic .

The selection of a raster size presents some other problems .
the [choice] of a raster size presents some other problems .

Map and file selection ( using standard Macintosh file selection dialogue ) ;
map and file [choice] ( using standard macintosh file [choice] dialogue ) ;

One important class of problems is the selection of locations for the emergency service units .
one important class of problems is the [choice] of locations for the emergency service units .

We have been obliged to meet this difficulty by treating the lower prizes as marks of distinction for merit rather than as indicating special selection of the design as fitted for separate construction .
we have been obliged to meet this difficulty by treating the lower prizes as marks of distinction for merit rather than as indicating special [choice] of the design as fitted for separate construction .

The writings of Scott and Street , as much as their designs , had shown that their Gothic was not just the selection of certain architectural elements , but a new approach to design .
the writings of scott and street , as much as their designs , had shown that their gothic was not just the [choice] of certain architectural elements , but a new approach to design .

The fact that the selection of a style became such a contentious issue can be attributed to his sustained advocacy of Gothic .
the fact that the [choice] of a style became such a contentious issue can be attributed to his sustained advocacy of gothic .

He said that Scott 's selection was justified , as in the competition he had obtained the ‘ sum total of merit ’ on the lists of Burn and the assessors , and had proved to the Committee that his windows let in more light than any other public building in London .
he said that scott 's [choice] was justified , as in the competition he had obtained the ‘ sum total of merit ’ on the lists of burn and the assessors , and had proved to the committee that his windows let in more light than any other public building in london .

Hands also convey emotion , for example the interviewee attending a selection panel who reflects inner anxiety by restless , wringing movements or fiddling with small objects ; or the angry person who shows white knuckles or clenched fists .
hands also convey emotion , for example the interviewee attending a [choice] panel who reflects inner anxiety by restless , wringing movements or fiddling with small objects ; or the angry person who shows white knuckles or clenched fists .

Symptoms like this are called strange , rare and peculiar , and are often of prime importance in finding the remedy or group of remedies from which to make one 's selection .
symptoms like this are called strange , rare and peculiar , and are often of prime importance in finding the remedy or group of remedies from which to make one 's [choice] .

Note the selection headings for these areas and write down the most important features of the case that occur in each of these sections in a layout that will make the next step easy for you .
note the [choice] headings for these areas and write down the most important features of the case that occur in each of these sections in a layout that will make the next step easy for you .

The second stage in the selection process is to refine the match .
the second stage in the [choice] process is to refine the match .

For the absolute beginner and those who lack the time or enthusiasm , the selection of a remedy can take place by considering primarily the very important symptoms of the remedies which have been printed in bold type , ignoring all the information in ordinary type .
for the absolute beginner and those who lack the time or enthusiasm , the [choice] of a remedy can take place by considering primarily the very important symptoms of the remedies which have been printed in bold type , ignoring all the information in ordinary type .

The accuracy of your selection can only be proved by giving the remedy and the patient getting better .
the accuracy of your [choice] can only be proved by giving the remedy and the patient getting better .

It also becomes more specific and for the higher potencies the remedy selection has to be more accurate for the remedy to work .
it also becomes more specific and for the higher potencies the remedy [choice] has to be more accurate for the remedy to work .

For the conditions described in this book it is the selection of the remedy that is of far greater importance than the specific potency used . As a general rule if the sick person requires a remedy and you only have it available in one potency then that is the correct potency no matter what it is !
for the conditions described in this book it is the [choice] of the remedy that is of far greater importance than the specific potency used . as a general rule if the sick person requires a remedy and you only have it available in one potency then that is the correct potency no matter what it is !

Base your selection on the new symptoms that have appeared .
base your [choice] on the new symptoms that have appeared .

Toddlers need a small selection of realistic-looking toys to support their beginning capacity to pretend .
toddlers need a small [choice] of realistic-looking toys to support their beginning capacity to pretend .

In the late 1940s , Bond Stores , the largest men ’ s clothing chain at the time , created a sensation in New York City by offering a wide selection of suits with two pairs of pants instead of one , reintroducing a level of product choice not seen since before the war.1 When the line of hopeful buyers at its Times Square store stretched around the block , Bond had to impose a limit of two suits per customer .
in the late 1940s , bond stores , the largest men ’ s clothing chain at the time , created a sensation in new york city by offering a wide [choice] of suits with two pairs of pants instead of one , reintroducing a level of product choice not seen since before the war.1 when the line of hopeful buyers at its times square store stretched around the block , bond had to impose a limit of two suits per customer .

Each retail merchandise department , particularly in multi-store organizations , became a separate fiefdom , with the buyer in charge of product selection , scale , timing of orders , and pricing .
each retail merchandise department , particularly in multi-store organizations , became a separate fiefdom , with the buyer in charge of product [choice] , scale , timing of orders , and pricing .

Based on our 1992 survey , we estimated lead times for two different scenarios : “ standard ” lead times that represent performance for a typical product in the supplier ’ s selection and “ shortest ” lead times that indicate a supplier ’ s best practice .
based on our 1992 survey , we estimated lead times for two different scenarios : “ standard ” lead times that represent performance for a typical product in the supplier ’ s [choice] and “ shortest ” lead times that indicate a supplier ’ s best practice .

It was the consideration of delight that would make the selection harder .
it was the consideration of delight that would make the [choice] harder .

Modern evolutionary theory , based on Darwin ’ s concept of descent with heritable variations that are sifted by natural selection to retain the adaptive changes , has come to view selection as the sole source of order in biological organisms .
modern evolutionary theory , based on darwin ’ s concept of descent with heritable variations that are sifted by natural [choice] to retain the adaptive changes , has come to view [choice] as the sole source of order in biological organisms .

The snowflake ’ s delicate sixfold symmetry tells us that order can arise without the benefit of natural selection .
the snowflake ’ s delicate sixfold symmetry tells us that order can arise without the benefit of natural [choice] .

Origins of Order and At Home in the Universe give good grounds to think that much of the order in organisms , from the origin of life itself to the stunning order in the development of a newborn child from a fertilized egg , does not reflect selection alone .
origins of order and at home in the universe give good grounds to think that much of the order in organisms , from the origin of life itself to the stunning order in the development of a newborn child from a fertilized egg , does not reflect [choice] alone .

Self-organization mingles with natural selection in barely understood ways to yield the magnificence of our teeming biosphere .
self-organization mingles with natural [choice] in barely understood ways to yield the magnificence of our teeming biosphere .

Natural selection , operating on these small discrete changes , will select out favorable mutations , as Darwin hoped .
natural [choice] , operating on these small discrete changes , will select out favorable mutations , as darwin hoped .

Presumably we have in mind something like the Darwinian criteria to unpack the phrase , “ on its own behalf. ” Bacteria that do obtain glucose or its equivalent may survive with higher probability than those incapable of the flagellar motor trick , hence , be selected by natural selection .
presumably we have in mind something like the darwinian criteria to unpack the phrase , “ on its own behalf. ” bacteria that do obtain glucose or its equivalent may survive with higher probability than those incapable of the flagellar motor trick , hence , be selected by natural [choice] .

Populations evolve by mutation , mating , recombination , and selection to give the well-marked varieties that are , for Darwin , new species .
populations evolve by mutation , mating , recombination , and [choice] to give the well-marked varieties that are , for darwin , new species .

Selection would sift these insensible alterations , a bit more lift , a little less drag , until the wing flew faultless in the high-hoped sky , a falcon ’ s knot-winged , claw-latching dive to dine .
[choice] would sift these insensible alterations , a bit more lift , a little less drag , until the wing flew faultless in the high-hoped sky , a falcon ’ s knot-winged , claw-latching dive to dine .

In the fitness landscape , image , mutation , recombination , and selection can conspire to pull evolving populations upward toward the peaks of high fitness .
in the fitness landscape , image , mutation , recombination , and [choice] can conspire to pull evolving populations upward toward the peaks of high fitness .

Thereafter , further mutation , recombination , and selection can bring the adapting population to successively higher peaks in the high-peaked region of the genotype space .
thereafter , further mutation , recombination , and [choice] can bring the adapting population to successively higher peaks in the high-peaked region of the genotype space .

Life uses mutation , recombination , and selection .
life uses mutation , recombination , and [choice] .

If mutation , recombination , and selection only work well on certain kinds of fitness landscapes , yet most organisms are sexual , and hence use recombination , and all organisms use mutation as a search mechanism , where did these well-wrought fitness landscapes come from , such that evolution manages to produce the fancy stuV around us ?
if mutation , recombination , and [choice] only work well on certain kinds of fitness landscapes , yet most organisms are sexual , and hence use recombination , and all organisms use mutation as a search mechanism , where did these well-wrought fitness landscapes come from , such that evolution manages to produce the fancy stuv around us ?

I will suggest that a biosphere gates its way into the adjacent possible at just that rate at which its inhabitants can just manage to make a living , just poised so that selection sifts out useless variations slightly faster than those variations arise .
i will suggest that a biosphere gates its way into the adjacent possible at just that rate at which its inhabitants can just manage to make a living , just poised so that [choice] sifts out useless variations slightly faster than those variations arise .

In short , cells must remain subcritical and cells in communities must remain subcritical , or else the rate of generation of molecular diversity would overwhelm the capacity of natural selection to winnow out the winners from the losers .
in short , cells must remain subcritical and cells in communities must remain subcritical , or else the rate of generation of molecular diversity would overwhelm the capacity of natural [choice] to winnow out the winners from the losers .

The rate of generation of molecular novelty must be suciently slow that natural selection can work on heritable variants to pick winners from losers .
the rate of generation of molecular novelty must be suciently slow that natural [choice] can work on heritable variants to pick winners from losers .

The point I am making is that it seems reasonable that endogenous processes in local communities gate the rate of exploration of the molecular adjacent possible , keeping it slow enough that natural selection can persistently pick current winners from losers .
the point i am making is that it seems reasonable that endogenous processes in local communities gate the rate of exploration of the molecular adjacent possible , keeping it slow enough that natural [choice] can persistently pick current winners from losers .

Eigen and Schuster elegantly relate the known mutation rates of viruses to the sizes of their genomes and show that viruses are close to but below the error threshold where selection can still overcome the melting .
eigen and schuster elegantly relate the known mutation rates of viruses to the sizes of their genomes and show that viruses are close to but below the error threshold where [choice] can still overcome the melting .

All of this suggests the hypothesis that a biosphere expands into the adjacent possible , as a secular trend , about as fast as it can get away with such exploration , subject to the requirement that selection must on average be strong enough and fast enough to slightly more than oset the rate of exploration of novelty .
all of this suggests the hypothesis that a biosphere expands into the adjacent possible , as a secular trend , about as fast as it can get away with such exploration , subject to the requirement that [choice] must on average be strong enough and fast enough to slightly more than oset the rate of exploration of novelty .

Thus , it appears that the biosphere and the econosphere have endogenous mechanisms that gate the exploration of the adjacent possible such that , on average , such explorations do successfully find new ways of making a living , new natural and business games , at a rate that can be selected by natural selection , or its economic analogue of success or failure , at a rate that is sustainable .
thus , it appears that the biosphere and the econosphere have endogenous mechanisms that gate the exploration of the adjacent possible such that , on average , such explorations do successfully find new ways of making a living , new natural and business games , at a rate that can be selected by natural [choice] , or its economic analogue of success or failure , at a rate that is sustainable .

This pruning back to a total of 10,000 provides a selection pressure for lisp expressions that are formed more often than average .
this pruning back to a total of 10,000 provides a [choice] pressure for lisp expressions that are formed more often than average .

We do witness the emergence of molecular assembly lines and molecular assemblages whose collective properties are recognized and acted upon by natural selection .
we do witness the emergence of molecular assembly lines and molecular assemblages whose collective properties are recognized and acted upon by natural [choice] .

These higher-order complexes of molecular devices arise because natural selection is able to act upon the collective properties of such molecular aggregates when those collective properties augment adaptive fitness .
these higher-order complexes of molecular devices arise because natural [choice] is able to act upon the collective properties of such molecular aggregates when those collective properties augment adaptive fitness .

In eVect , natural selection recognizes the life context in which the collective behaviors of these higher-order molecular structures are advantageous .
in evect , natural [choice] recognizes the life context in which the collective behaviors of these higher-order molecular structures are advantageous .

Darwin tells us that evolution occurs by reproduction with heritable variation and natural selection .
darwin tells us that evolution occurs by reproduction with heritable variation and natural [choice] .

Could we now state all possible physical systems that might be capable of replication , heritable variation , and natural selection ?
could we now state all possible physical systems that might be capable of replication , heritable variation , and natural [choice] ?

Tomasina was but one of many lineages of creatures evolving much as Darwin taught us , by heritable variation and natural selection .
tomasina was but one of many lineages of creatures evolving much as darwin taught us , by heritable variation and natural [choice] .

Namely , Darwin would say , this causal consequence of the heart is the virtue for which it was , and persistently is , selected by natural selection .
namely , darwin would say , this causal consequence of the heart is the virtue for which it was , and persistently is , selected by natural [choice] .

Presumably , heart sounds are not the causal consequences of the heart upon which natural selection has acted .
presumably , heart sounds are not the causal consequences of the heart upon which natural [choice] has acted .

It is precisely this point , that the function of a part of an organism is a subset of its causal consequences , to which I appealed earlier in stating that in an autonomous agent discerning the work task done by the constrained release of energy required finding the subset of causal consequences of that work task that were functionally important to the life cycle of the autonomous agent in its environment and , therefore , were presumably selected and sustained by natural selection .
it is precisely this point , that the function of a part of an organism is a subset of its causal consequences , to which i appealed earlier in stating that in an autonomous agent discerning the work task done by the constrained release of energy required finding the subset of causal consequences of that work task that were functionally important to the life cycle of the autonomous agent in its environment and , therefore , were presumably selected and sustained by natural [choice] .

While the mechanisms of heritable variation dier and the selection criteria dier , organisms in the biosphere and firms and individuals in the econosphere are busy trying to make a living and explore new ways of making a living .
while the mechanisms of heritable variation dier and the [choice] criteria dier , organisms in the biosphere and firms and individuals in the econosphere are busy trying to make a living and explore new ways of making a living .

Presumably all such autonomous agents , under persistent mutation and selection , would opt for changeable models of one another of bounded complexity .
presumably all such autonomous agents , under persistent mutation and [choice] , would opt for changeable models of one another of bounded complexity .

I thought Origins and At Home were largely about the challenge of extending Darwinism to an account of evolution that embraced both self-organization and natural selection in some new , still poorly understood marriage .
i thought origins and at home were largely about the challenge of extending darwinism to an account of evolution that embraced both self-organization and natural [choice] in some new , still poorly understood marriage .

The no-free-lunch theorem led me to wonder about the following : We organisms use mutation , recombination , and selection in evolution , and we pay twofold fitness for sex and recombination to boot .
the no-free-lunch theorem led me to wonder about the following : we organisms use mutation , recombination , and [choice] in evolution , and we pay twofold fitness for sex and recombination to boot .

Which led me to suggest that those ways of making a living that are well searched out and exploited by the search mechanisms organisms happen to use mutation , recombination , and selection will be ways of making a living that are well populated by organisms and similar species .
which led me to suggest that those ways of making a living that are well searched out and exploited by the search mechanisms organisms happen to use mutation , recombination , and [choice] will be ways of making a living that are well populated by organisms and similar species .

Without yet invoking natural selection to tune the structure and logic , the theory of random Boolean nets is already quite close to the data .
without yet invoking natural [choice] to tune the structure and logic , the theory of random boolean nets is already quite close to the data .

Selection need not struggle against all odds to achieve cells that behave with overwhelming order .
[choice] need not struggle against all odds to achieve cells that behave with overwhelming order .

That order lies to hand for selection ’ s further craftings .
that order lies to hand for [choice] ’ s further craftings .

Either chemical simplicity or natural selection or both , I think .
either chemical simplicity or natural [choice] or both , i think .

If so , only natural selection can have tuned it thus .
if so , only natural [choice] can have tuned it thus .

More broadly , can selection maximize both M and that mutual information correlation and , if so , for what value of M and where on or o the phase transition surface in Figure .
more broadly , can [choice] maximize both m and that mutual information correlation and , if so , for what value of m and where on or o the phase transition surface in figure .

Selection tunes communities of cells to the phase transition between order and chaos where a power law distribution of damage avalanches on all scales propagate across the system .
[choice] tunes communities of cells to the phase transition between order and chaos where a power law distribution of damage avalanches on all scales propagate across the system .

Species evolve , argued Darwin , by the gradual accumulation of useful variations that were gradually sifted by natural selection .
species evolve , argued darwin , by the gradual accumulation of useful variations that were gradually sifted by natural [choice] .

Therefore , most of the heritable variation cast up by mutation is of minor eect , and gradual variation is persistent grist for the selection mill .
therefore , most of the heritable variation cast up by mutation is of minor eect , and gradual variation is persistent grist for the [choice] mill .

If not , where does the gradualism of Darwinian selection come from ?
if not , where does the gradualism of darwinian [choice] come from ?

Importantly , it is easy to create systems that are not readily adaptable by mutation and selection .
importantly , it is easy to create systems that are not readily adaptable by mutation and [choice] .

It turns out that an evolutionary process based on mutation , recombination , and selection , the genetic search mechanisms of current life , does very well on a special kind of fitness landscape , where the high peaks tend to cluster near one another and the sides of the peaks are reasonably smooth , rather like the high Alps .
it turns out that an evolutionary process based on mutation , recombination , and [choice] , the genetic search mechanisms of current life , does very well on a special kind of fitness landscape , where the high peaks tend to cluster near one another and the sides of the peaks are reasonably smooth , rather like the high alps .

Macready and Wolpert wondered whether , averaged over all possible fitness landscapes , some search algorithms , such as mutation and selection , on average outperform all other search algorithms , such as random search on the landscape or hill descending or picking birthdays , taking their square , and jumping that distance in a randomly chosen direction .
macready and wolpert wondered whether , averaged over all possible fitness landscapes , some search algorithms , such as mutation and [choice] , on average outperform all other search algorithms , such as random search on the landscape or hill descending or picking birthdays , taking their square , and jumping that distance in a randomly chosen direction .

Here we organisms are , stuck using mutation , recombination , and selection .
here we organisms are , stuck using mutation , recombination , and [choice] .

As noted in chapter , those ways of making a living that set problems that are well searched out by the search mechanisms of organisms mutation , recombination , and selection will be well searched out .
as noted in chapter , those ways of making a living that set problems that are well searched out by the search mechanisms of organisms mutation , recombination , and [choice] will be well searched out .

When the frog population moves by mutation and selection uphill on the frog landscape , those moves distort the fly ’ s landscape , and vice versa .
when the frog population moves by mutation and [choice] uphill on the frog landscape , those moves distort the fly ’ s landscape , and vice versa .

Good landscape ruggedness can spread , by natural selection , through the model ecosystem , hence , landscape ruggedness can evolve .
good landscape ruggedness can spread , by natural [choice] , through the model ecosystem , hence , landscape ruggedness can evolve .

Thus , this model shows an invisible hand in which natural selection , acting on individuals only , tunes landscape ruggedness .
thus , this model shows an invisible hand in which natural [choice] , acting on individuals only , tunes landscape ruggedness .

I have discussed my own model primarily to focus on the fact that coevolution by self-natural selection alone acting on individuals alone can tune landscape ruggedness so those landscapes are self-consistently well searched by the creatures searching them and their search mechanisms .
i have discussed my own model primarily to focus on the fact that coevolution by self-natural [choice] alone acting on individuals alone can tune landscape ruggedness so those landscapes are self-consistently well searched by the creatures searching them and their search mechanisms .

As noted in the previous chapter , there must be some interplay in the entry into the adjacent possible that gates the exploration by the capacity of natural selection to trim away the losers .
as noted in the previous chapter , there must be some interplay in the entry into the adjacent possible that gates the exploration by the capacity of natural [choice] to trim away the losers .

Tuning the mutation rate compared to the selection advantage of the fitness peak compared to nearby values on the fitness landscape tunes this error catastrophe .
tuning the mutation rate compared to the [choice] advantage of the fitness peak compared to nearby values on the fitness landscape tunes this error catastrophe .

Here too the rate of exploration of novel possibilities must be gradual enough that natural selection can weed out the losers .
here too the rate of exploration of novel possibilities must be gradual enough that natural [choice] can weed out the losers .

If not , the biosphere as a whole would diuse into new ways of making a living so rapidly that selection would not be able to control the exploration , and we would soon falter .
if not , the biosphere as a whole would diuse into new ways of making a living so rapidly that [choice] would not be able to control the exploration , and we would soon falter .

Mutation , recombination , and selection are means to update the recording devices with respect to changing sources of energy , opportunity , and danger .
mutation , recombination , and [choice] are means to update the recording devices with respect to changing sources of energy , opportunity , and danger .

A coevolving mixed microbial community that existed some three billion years ago , diversifying and coevolving via Darwinian mutation , recombination , and natural selection , did , in fact , measure and detect and create an increasing variety of energy sources , did , in fact , couple those detected energy sources into work cycles and other activities , and did , in fact , build a biosphere .
a coevolving mixed microbial community that existed some three billion years ago , diversifying and coevolving via darwinian mutation , recombination , and natural [choice] , did , in fact , measure and detect and create an increasing variety of energy sources , did , in fact , couple those detected energy sources into work cycles and other activities , and did , in fact , build a biosphere .

Just as intuitively , all we have discussed seems sucient for the ongoing diversification of propagating organization : the Darwinian processes of natural selection and random variation , the coevolutionary construction of vastly complex autonomous-agent cell systems that continually evolve ever-novel measurements of novel sources of energy , recordings of those energy sources , couplings to those sources , constraint construction , and the linking of exergonic and endergonic reactions that builds the diversifying biosphere .
just as intuitively , all we have discussed seems sucient for the ongoing diversification of propagating organization : the darwinian processes of natural [choice] and random variation , the coevolutionary construction of vastly complex autonomous-agent cell systems that continually evolve ever-novel measurements of novel sources of energy , recordings of those energy sources , couplings to those sources , constraint construction , and the linking of exergonic and endergonic reactions that builds the diversifying biosphere .

On the other hand , while the definition is circular , like F = MA and Darwin ’ s “ natural selection ” and “ fitness , ” that does not mean that the set of codefined concepts surrounding my definition of an autonomous agent as a reproducing system that does a work cycle fails to touch the real world .
on the other hand , while the definition is circular , like f = ma and darwin ’ s “ natural [choice] ” and “ fitness , ” that does not mean that the set of codefined concepts surrounding my definition of an autonomous agent as a reproducing system that does a work cycle fails to touch the real world .

Dennett envisions evolution as a sequence of kinds of construction cranes that bit by bit build up higher-order entities via variation and natural selection .
dennett envisions evolution as a sequence of kinds of construction cranes that bit by bit build up higher-order entities via variation and natural [choice] .

In its simplest version , the creature evolves by mutation , also recombination and natural selection .
in its simplest version , the creature evolves by mutation , also recombination and natural [choice] .

Too did Darwin jump to a new definitional circle with his concept of natural selection , heritable variation , and fitness .
too did darwin jump to a new definitional circle with his concept of natural [choice] , heritable variation , and fitness .

Many have worried that natural selection and fitness , which is defined as an increased expected number of oVspring , are a definitional circle .
many have worried that natural [choice] and fitness , which is defined as an increased expected number of ovspring , are a definitional circle .

We carried out computer selection experiments not only comparing the autonomous agent to a nude exergonic DNA trimer-hexamer system , but also computationally mutating the kinetic constants by small amounts and computationally evolving autonomous agents to reproduce with higher thermodynamic eYciency .
we carried out computer [choice] experiments not only comparing the autonomous agent to a nude exergonic dna trimer-hexamer system , but also computationally mutating the kinetic constants by small amounts and computationally evolving autonomous agents to reproduce with higher thermodynamic eyciency .

Darwin ’ s natural selection could , in principle , operate if there were heritable variation in the kinetic constants .
darwin ’ s natural [choice] could , in principle , operate if there were heritable variation in the kinetic constants .

The genetic algorithm , which has been rather widely used in academic and industrial settings , is based on analogy with biological adaptation driven by mutation , recombination , and selection .
the genetic algorithm , which has been rather widely used in academic and industrial settings , is based on analogy with biological adaptation driven by mutation , recombination , and [choice] .

If we couldn ’ t make livings at it given our search procedures of mutation , recombination , and selection , we wouldn ’ t be making our livings doing what we are doing .
if we couldn ’ t make livings at it given our search procedures of mutation , recombination , and [choice] , we wouldn ’ t be making our livings doing what we are doing .

A biosphere is a self-consistent coevolutionary construction of autonomous agents making livings , the natural games that constitute those livings , and the search mechanisms that allow such modes of living to be persistently mastered by adaptive natural selection .
a biosphere is a self-consistent coevolutionary construction of autonomous agents making livings , the natural games that constitute those livings , and the search mechanisms that allow such modes of living to be persistently mastered by adaptive natural [choice] .

Given minor heritable variation in the constants of the laws of the daughter universes , cosmic natural selection will select for universes whose constants support the formation of a near-maximum number of black holes .
given minor heritable variation in the constants of the laws of the daughter universes , cosmic natural [choice] will select for universes whose constants support the formation of a near-maximum number of black holes .

To answer this deep mystery we have , at present , the anthropic principle , Lee Smolin ’ s concept of cosmic natural selection for black hole density , and the hope to find the ultimate parameter-free theory that would not require multiple universes or a historical process .
to answer this deep mystery we have , at present , the anthropic principle , lee smolin ’ s concept of cosmic natural [choice] for black hole density , and the hope to find the ultimate parameter-free theory that would not require multiple universes or a historical process .

In place of the anthropic principle or Lee Smolin ’ s cosmic selection , I have suggested one possible approach to the choices of the constants of nature by maximizing constructive interference over a sum of all histories through a space of both configurations and laws .
in place of the anthropic principle or lee smolin ’ s cosmic [choice] , i have suggested one possible approach to the choices of the constants of nature by maximizing constructive interference over a sum of all histories through a space of both configurations and laws .

KL ’ s Central Market gives you a wider selection .
kl ’ s central market gives you a wider [choice] .

The selection is more comprehensive in the markets and shops of Kelantan , Terengganu , Sarawak , and Sabah .
the [choice] is more comprehensive in the markets and shops of kelantan , terengganu , sarawak , and sabah .

El Greco fans are in for a happy surprise — a wide selection of his works , highlighted by the La Asunción de la Virgen , painted just a year before the artist ’ s death .
el greco fans are in for a happy surprise — a wide [choice] of his works , highlighted by the la asunción de la virgen , painted just a year before the artist ’ s death .

They funded the Modern Art Museum , just to the north of the main square , which features the work of a selection of European modernist painters .
they funded the modern art museum , just to the north of the main square , which features the work of a [choice] of european modernist painters .

All offer a selection of hotels , bars , and restaurants .
all offer a [choice] of hotels , bars , and restaurants .

Each year numerous exhibitions and open-air performances are held on the estate , and a commercial gallery on the grounds has an excellent selection of contemporary arts and crafts .
each year numerous exhibitions and open-air performances are held on the estate , and a commercial gallery on the grounds has an excellent [choice] of contemporary arts and crafts .

Here the windows and open doors of the shops reveal an alluring selection of Asian furniture , carpets , carvings , tomb figures , porcelain , and bronze .
here the windows and open doors of the shops reveal an alluring [choice] of asian furniture , carpets , carvings , tomb figures , porcelain , and bronze .

On one side a news agent offers a wide selection of European publications , while in the middle of this pleasant promenade stands an old-fashioned , rousing monument to one of the island ’ s few native sons who was successful in making a mark on Spanish history .
on one side a news agent offers a wide [choice] of european publications , while in the middle of this pleasant promenade stands an old-fashioned , rousing monument to one of the island ’ s few native sons who was successful in making a mark on spanish history .

The following is a recommended selection of Las Vegas ’ s best hotels in four price categories .
the following is a recommended [choice] of las vegas ’ s best hotels in four price categories .

There are also several French boutiques that stock merchandise from the Continent , though the selection of items for sale is rather limited .
there are also several french boutiques that stock merchandise from the continent , though the [choice] of items for sale is rather limited .

There is a selection of English books , including many titles devoted to Turkish history , art , and architecture .
there is a [choice] of english books , including many titles devoted to turkish history , art , and architecture .

There are no good beaches in Bodrum itself , which could be an advantage , as you have more choice if you take a boat trip from the harbour to one of the many coves that lie hidden along the coast of the peninsula to the west , or catch a dolmu « to a selection of pretty fishing villages : namely Turgutreis , Gümü « lük , Yalık­avak , and Türkbükü .
there are no good beaches in bodrum itself , which could be an advantage , as you have more choice if you take a boat trip from the harbour to one of the many coves that lie hidden along the coast of the peninsula to the west , or catch a dolmu « to a [choice] of pretty fishing villages : namely turgutreis , gümü « lük , yalık­avak , and türkbükü .

The selection here is not usually as wide as you ’ ll find in the privately run shops and you can ’ t haggle , but it ’ ll give you an idea of the range of goods , the quality , and , above all , the correct price .
the [choice] here is not usually as wide as you ’ ll find in the privately run shops and you can ’ t haggle , but it ’ ll give you an idea of the range of goods , the quality , and , above all , the correct price .

If , during your tours of the big cities , you come across products you like from places you will be visiting later , such as Rajasthan , Varanasi , or Kashmir , wait until you get there — the price and selection may be much better .
if , during your tours of the big cities , you come across products you like from places you will be visiting later , such as rajasthan , varanasi , or kashmir , wait until you get there — the price and [choice] may be much better .

Palma ’ s excellent selection of chic shoe , bag , and clothing stores is concentrated along Avinguda del Rei Jaume III , Passeig d ’ es Born , and Conquistador .
palma ’ s excellent [choice] of chic shoe , bag , and clothing stores is concentrated along avinguda del rei jaume iii , passeig d ’ es born , and conquistador .

It now houses the castle café — with a good selection of snacks and hot meals — but was originally used to store the provisions carts .
it now houses the castle café — with a good [choice] of snacks and hot meals — but was originally used to store the provisions carts .

Try a selection at the Whisky Heritage Centre ( they have over 100 for you to sample ) , where you can then buy a bottle or two of your personal favorite in the shop or in stores around the city .
try a [choice] at the whisky heritage centre ( they have over 100 for you to sample ) , where you can then buy a bottle or two of your personal favorite in the shop or in stores around the city .

For watersports enthusiasts there is a good selection of kayaks , windsurfers , and sailing boats for hire .
for watersports enthusiasts there is a good [choice] of kayaks , windsurfers , and sailing boats for hire .

Shops on Martinique stock a selection of mainland Chinese , Philippine , African , Haitian , and Japanese jewelry .
shops on martinique stock a [choice] of mainland chinese , philippine , african , haitian , and japanese jewelry .

The eternally crowded Third Street Promenade caters to the tourist and the local markets with a vast selection of affordable clothing stores , jewelry shops , and gift boutiques .
the eternally crowded third street promenade caters to the tourist and the local markets with a vast [choice] of affordable clothing stores , jewelry shops , and gift boutiques .

Just north of Los Angeles , the San Fernando Valley ’ s main drag , Ventura Boulevard , is the place valley-dwellers go to buy virtually everything , which means the selection along the several-mile strip is endless .
just north of los angeles , the san fernando valley ’ s main drag , ventura boulevard , is the place valley-dwellers go to buy virtually everything , which means the [choice] along the several-mile strip is endless .

The Santa Monica Pier is the coastal setting for the Twilight Dance Series , a selection of free summer concerts arranged each year .
the santa monica pier is the coastal setting for the twilight dance series , a [choice] of free summer concerts arranged each year .

Foreign visitors can enjoy the Gion Corner , held at Yasaka Hall to provide a selection of bite-sized samples of Japanese culture from March through November .
foreign visitors can enjoy the gion corner , held at yasaka hall to provide a [choice] of bite-sized samples of japanese culture from march through november .

The gift shop in the underpass between the two buildings offers an excellent selection of quality souvenirs , reproductions , and posters of Nara culture .
the gift shop in the underpass between the two buildings offers an excellent [choice] of quality souvenirs , reproductions , and posters of nara culture .

Try Bally ’ s for the latest selection ; after all , they manufacture them .
try bally ’ s for the latest [choice] ; after all , they manufacture them .

A generous selection of restaurants , from fast food to fabulous , satiate the hunger brought on by walking the mall ’ s long wings .
a generous [choice] of restaurants , from fast food to fabulous , satiate the hunger brought on by walking the mall ’ s long wings .

While the shopping selection is similar to the other suburban malls , sadly , the atmosphere is not .
while the shopping [choice] is similar to the other suburban malls , sadly , the atmosphere is not .

A massive two-story collection of vintage clothes , appliances and knickknacks , the Attic serves an international audience with its wide selection of period clothing .
a massive two-story collection of vintage clothes , appliances and knickknacks , the attic serves an international audience with its wide [choice] of period clothing .

To the right is a huge electronics and computer selection featuring a home theater room and a classical listening room .
to the right is a huge electronics and computer [choice] featuring a home theater room and a classical listening room .

To the left are innumerable aisles of records , books , software , CDs , 12-inch vinyl , and the city ’ s largest selection of periodicals and ‘ zines .
to the left are innumerable aisles of records , books , software , cds , 12-inch vinyl , and the city ’ s largest [choice] of periodicals and ‘ zines .

The designer frame selection is among the best in town .
the designer frame [choice] is among the best in town .

You can not get to know this country properly , even if you don ’ t want to buy anything , without exploring the rich and varied range of traditional arts and crafts , the famous cornucopia of electronic gadgets and precision instruments , or the impressively awful selection of kitsch souvenirs in the major tourist centers .
you can not get to know this country properly , even if you don ’ t want to buy anything , without exploring the rich and varied range of traditional arts and crafts , the famous cornucopia of electronic gadgets and precision instruments , or the impressively awful [choice] of kitsch souvenirs in the major tourist centers .

Even if you ’ re just browsing , the shops on Nawate-dori , Furomonzen-dori , and Shinmonzen-dori offer a superb selection of antique furniture , ceramics , masks , lacquerware , and Buddhist objects .
even if you ’ re just browsing , the shops on nawate-dori , furomonzen-dori , and shinmonzen-dori offer a superb [choice] of antique furniture , ceramics , masks , lacquerware , and buddhist objects .

Given the sheer and unrivaled richness of Italy , the selection of places within those five areas is not in any way exhaustive ( nor , by the same token , exhausting ) .
given the sheer and unrivaled richness of italy , the [choice] of places within those five areas is not in any way exhaustive ( nor , by the same token , exhausting ) .

The selection of tourist mementos is interesting enough , but pales in comparison to the open-air Mercato San Lorenzo just north of the Duomo near the church of the same name .
the [choice] of tourist mementos is interesting enough , but pales in comparison to the open-air mercato san lorenzo just north of the duomo near the church of the same name .

For an overall view of the museum ’ s collections , we ’ ve attempted a small selection of highlights : Egyptian : lion-headed goddess Sekhmet ( 1400 b.c . )
for an overall view of the museum ’ s collections , we ’ ve attempted a small [choice] of highlights : egyptian : lion-headed goddess sekhmet ( 1400 b.c . )

For wines you many want to wait for your tour of the vineyards or the wider selection available at Beaune .
for wines you many want to wait for your tour of the vineyards or the wider [choice] available at beaune .

We also suggest a small selection of holiday resorts and excursions on Napoleon ’ s wild and beautiful island of Corsica .
we also suggest a small [choice] of holiday resorts and excursions on napoleon ’ s wild and beautiful island of corsica .

Istanbul ’ s Grand Bazaar has many leather shops offering a huge selection of handbags , belts , purses , wallets , jackets , trousers , and skirts .
istanbul ’ s grand bazaar has many leather shops offering a huge [choice] of handbags , belts , purses , wallets , jackets , trousers , and skirts .

What to Eat Starters ( meze ) Meze is the collective name given to a wide selection of appetizers , both hot and cold .
what to eat starters ( meze ) meze is the collective name given to a wide [choice] of appetizers , both hot and cold .

Five bars and two restaurants with good health-food selection .
five bars and two restaurants with good health-food [choice] .

Selection of open and covered restaurants .
[choice] of open and covered restaurants .

Converted from one of the city ’ s fine Edwardian homes , the Four Seasons is less than five minutes ’ walk from New Kingston , behind secure walls in grounds embellished with a wide selection of tropical fruit trees .
converted from one of the city ’ s fine edwardian homes , the four seasons is less than five minutes ’ walk from new kingston , behind secure walls in grounds embellished with a wide [choice] of tropical fruit trees .

In-room CD equipment with selection of music .
in-room cd equipment with [choice] of music .

Excellent Jamaican meals , especially the selection of fresh soup , at very reasonable prices .
excellent jamaican meals , especially the [choice] of fresh soup , at very reasonable prices .

A creative mix of international and local cuisine that includes a good vegetarian selection .
a creative mix of international and local cuisine that includes a good vegetarian [choice] .

Both carry an excellent selection of literature , general books , books on Ireland , and the works of Irish writers .
both carry an excellent [choice] of literature , general books , books on ireland , and the works of irish writers .

In Temple Bar , the bookshop at the Gallery of Photography carries a large selection of photographic publications , and the Flying Pig is a secondhand bookshop .
in temple bar , the bookshop at the gallery of photography carries a large [choice] of photographic publications , and the flying pig is a secondhand bookshop .

For traditional crafts , the House of Ireland , on the corner of Nassau and Dawson carries a fine selection of jewelry , crystal , and knitwear .
for traditional crafts , the house of ireland , on the corner of nassau and dawson carries a fine [choice] of jewelry , crystal , and knitwear .

Music : If you ’ re looking for indigenous music , Celtic Note ( Nassau Street ) and Claddagh Records ( Temple Bar ) carry a good selection of traditional Irish and other Irish recordings .
music : if you ’ re looking for indigenous music , celtic note ( nassau street ) and claddagh records ( temple bar ) carry a good [choice] of traditional irish and other irish recordings .

Pottery and Porcelain : In Nassau Street the Kilkenny Shop has a fine selection .
pottery and porcelain : in nassau street the kilkenny shop has a fine [choice] .

Recommended Hotels Below is a selection of accommodations in towns and villages throughout the Lake District .
recommended hotels below is a [choice] of accommodations in towns and villages throughout the lake district .

In addition to the varied selection of memorabilia and antique photographic equipment , don ’ t miss having a flick through the albums of photographs of old Madeira , dating from 1884 .
in addition to the varied [choice] of memorabilia and antique photographic equipment , don ’ t miss having a flick through the albums of photographs of old madeira , dating from 1884 .

Nevertheless , it ’ s a working fishing port , complete with a selection of good fish restaurants .
nevertheless , it ’ s a working fishing port , complete with a [choice] of good fish restaurants .

Look for these items in the picturesque open-air market of Sa Penya ( Ibiza Town ) or — for a wider selection — at the bustling , covered central market in the newer part of town ( carrer d ’ Extremadura ) .
look for these items in the picturesque open-air market of sa penya ( ibiza town ) or — for a wider [choice] — at the bustling , covered central market in the newer part of town ( carrer d ’ extremadura ) .

With some judicious selection from among the places we suggest , you can most certainly get a pretty good feel for the country in the four weeks that most people devote to a first trip .
with some judicious [choice] from among the places we suggest , you can most certainly get a pretty good feel for the country in the four weeks that most people devote to a first trip .

For those who seek music action in discos and nightclubs , Milan seems to have the best selection .
for those who seek music action in discos and nightclubs , milan seems to have the best [choice] .

It sells excellent lace and embroidered items ( most items are cheaper than they are in Funchal ) , leather goods , and a great selection of vintage Madeiran wine , with bottles dating back to last century ( for a hefty price , of course ) .
it sells excellent lace and embroidered items ( most items are cheaper than they are in funchal ) , leather goods , and a great [choice] of vintage madeiran wine , with bottles dating back to last century ( for a hefty price , of course ) .

The Catalan surrealist painter Joan Miró was a longtime resident of this area , and the Fundació Pilar i Joan Miró displays a fine selection of his work , as well as his studio as he left it , and his living quarters .
the catalan surrealist painter joan miró was a longtime resident of this area , and the fundació pilar i joan miró displays a fine [choice] of his work , as well as his studio as he left it , and his living quarters .

An outstanding selection of sculpture from India and Southeast Asia spanning a period of 2,000 years is a perfect complement to the Western art .
an outstanding [choice] of sculpture from india and southeast asia spanning a period of 2,000 years is a perfect complement to the western art .

At Ayer Hitam , a wide range of Chinese-style pottery is on display beside the fruit market , where there is an excellent selection of rambutans , pineapples , and bananas , as well as locally made nougat and fruit-cakes .
at ayer hitam , a wide range of chinese-style pottery is on display beside the fruit market , where there is an excellent [choice] of rambutans , pineapples , and bananas , as well as locally made nougat and fruit-cakes .

The museum also has a coffee shop and a ﬁne selection of art books and posters for sale .
the museum also has a coffee shop and a ﬁne [choice] of art books and posters for sale .

Here , among a selection of its 101 rooms , you can see something of the aristocratic life the family enjoyed during the 18th and 19th centuries .
here , among a [choice] of its 101 rooms , you can see something of the aristocratic life the family enjoyed during the 18th and 19th centuries .

The university gives the town another focus other than tourism , something unique among the lakeside settlements , and as a by-product there is a good selection of bars and restaurants .
the university gives the town another focus other than tourism , something unique among the lakeside settlements , and as a by-product there is a good [choice] of bars and restaurants .

The M. H. de Young Memorial Museum has an impressive selection of African Art and of works by Titian , El Greco , and Rembrandt .
the m. h. de young memorial museum has an impressive [choice] of african art and of works by titian , el greco , and rembrandt .

Visitors can also see a selection of Greek and Roman antiquities housed here until the year 2001 , when they are scheduled move back into the newly renovated Getty Villa at Malibu .
visitors can also see a [choice] of greek and roman antiquities housed here until the year 2001 , when they are scheduled move back into the newly renovated getty villa at malibu .

Both little towns have a languid atmosphere and have remained small enough to enable you to really know the place within the first few hours after arrival , yet also offer a pleasant selection of accommodations at very reasonable prices .
both little towns have a languid atmosphere and have remained small enough to enable you to really know the place within the first few hours after arrival , yet also offer a pleasant [choice] of accommodations at very reasonable prices .

The best selection of gourmet restaurants and the famed cliffside discos , with spectacular views of the twinkling lights of the bay and city , are here .
the best [choice] of gourmet restaurants and the famed cliffside discos , with spectacular views of the twinkling lights of the bay and city , are here .

It ’ s the best of its kind in Pacific Mexico , with a good selection of independently owned hotels and restaurants , plus a rousing nightlife , and lots of truly adventurous eco-tours .
it ’ s the best of its kind in pacific mexico , with a good [choice] of independently owned hotels and restaurants , plus a rousing nightlife , and lots of truly adventurous eco-tours .

Pilgrims coming from Tibet , as well as local refugees , supply the shops that ring the stupa with the city ’ s best selection of Tibetan antiques .
pilgrims coming from tibet , as well as local refugees , supply the shops that ring the stupa with the city ’ s best [choice] of tibetan antiques .

The French chain FNAC has installed a large , modern , and efficient branch on Plaça Catalunya and probably has the city ’ s best selection of national and foreign music , including listening stations .
the french chain fnac has installed a large , modern , and efficient branch on plaça catalunya and probably has the city ’ s best [choice] of national and foreign music , including listening stations .

A huge selection of good-quality ceramics and handicrafts can be found at Art Escudellers ( c/ Escudellers , 23-25 ) .
a huge [choice] of good-quality ceramics and handicrafts can be found at art escudellers ( c/ escudellers , 23-25 ) .

BCN Original , downstairs next to the Tourism Information Office at Plaça de Catalunya , 17 , has a nice selection of gifts with the Barcelona stamp : t-shirts , paper products , etc .
bcn original , downstairs next to the tourism information office at plaça de catalunya , 17 , has a nice [choice] of gifts with the barcelona stamp : t-shirts , paper products , etc .

The list following is a selection of major events only .
the list following is a [choice] of major events only .

It ’ s full of atmosphere and there is a selection of tavernas where you can enjoy a meal while watching the show .
it ’ s full of atmosphere and there is a [choice] of tavernas where you can enjoy a meal while watching the show .

The dollar and mark ( and other currencies ) don ’ t go as far today as they once did , but foreign visitors and their Polish counterparts can only be pleased with the opening of trade and vastly improved selection of goods on the market .
the dollar and mark ( and other currencies ) don ’ t go as far today as they once did , but foreign visitors and their polish counterparts can only be pleased with the opening of trade and vastly improved [choice] of goods on the market .

Kuta , and its progressively upscale neighbors to the north — Legian , Seminyak , and Kerobokan ( as well as Tuban , to the south ) — provide an enormous selection of hotels , restaurants , pubs , and shopping choices .
kuta , and its progressively upscale neighbors to the north — legian , seminyak , and kerobokan ( as well as tuban , to the south ) — provide an enormous [choice] of hotels , restaurants , pubs , and shopping choices .

You can inspect Bali ’ s selection of shops , pick a restaurant , go on a pub crawl , or see a movie and wait for midnight when the discos get into gear .
you can inspect bali ’ s [choice] of shops , pick a restaurant , go on a pub crawl , or see a movie and wait for midnight when the discos get into gear .

At the last count there were 152 beaches along the 340 km ( 210 miles ) of coastline ; 50 km ( 31 miles ) of which are of yellow sand and 25 km ( 16 miles ) of black sand and stone , giving it the best selection of beaches in the Canary Islands .
at the last count there were 152 beaches along the 340 km ( 210 miles ) of coastline ; 50 km ( 31 miles ) of which are of yellow sand and 25 km ( 16 miles ) of black sand and stone , giving it the best [choice] of beaches in the canary islands .

Still supported entirely by private donations , the country ’ s original botanical garden boasts a wonderful selection of ornamental flowerbeds , rare trees , and lush lawns .
still supported entirely by private donations , the country ’ s original botanical garden boasts a wonderful [choice] of ornamental flowerbeds , rare trees , and lush lawns .

Buy a newspaper from the global selection at Out of Town News in the center of the square itself ( the name also refers to all the surrounding streets ) , and settle down at Au Bon Pain café .
buy a newspaper from the global [choice] at out of town news in the center of the square itself ( the name also refers to all the surrounding streets ) , and settle down at au bon pain café .

For book lovers , the bookshops on and around Savignyplatz offer a superb selection of books on art and design , architecture , fashion , and film .
for book lovers , the bookshops on and around savignyplatz offer a superb [choice] of books on art and design , architecture , fashion , and film .

A huge selection of second-hand records , objets d ’ art , and clothes can be found at the weekend flea market on the Straße des 17 .
a huge [choice] of second-hand records , objets d ’ art , and clothes can be found at the weekend flea market on the straße des 17 .

Even in the heat of summer , however , the most popular dish remains the Sichuan hotpot , a bowl of seething oils into which the diner dips and boils to perfection a selection of meats , vegetables , and beancurd , much like fighting fire with fire .
even in the heat of summer , however , the most popular dish remains the sichuan hotpot , a bowl of seething oils into which the diner dips and boils to perfection a [choice] of meats , vegetables , and beancurd , much like fighting fire with fire .

Puerto Vallarta is making a name for itself with its vast selection of live music .
puerto vallarta is making a name for itself with its vast [choice] of live music .

The large presence of both galleries and artists have positioned Puerto Vallarta as a leading art center , the site of the largest selection of fine contemporary Mexican art outside of Mexico City .
the large presence of both galleries and artists have positioned puerto vallarta as a leading art center , the site of the largest [choice] of fine contemporary mexican art outside of mexico city .

On view here is a selection of the objects they created : tubular steel chairs , cups and saucers , teapots , desks , new weaves for carpets , chess pieces , and children ’ s building blocks , as well as some pioneering architectural plans and sketches .
on view here is a [choice] of the objects they created : tubular steel chairs , cups and saucers , teapots , desks , new weaves for carpets , chess pieces , and children ’ s building blocks , as well as some pioneering architectural plans and sketches .

Clothes and Fabrics : Bali is a huge bargain basement for a selection of beachwear , casual clothing , and , at a higher price but still excellent value , fashion designs .
clothes and fabrics : bali is a huge bargain basement for a [choice] of beachwear , casual clothing , and , at a higher price but still excellent value , fashion designs .

On Largo Dom João III , at the center of the town , is the excellent Museu da Terra de Miranda , displaying a selection of traditional Mirandês costumes , ancient ritualistic figures , furniture , and folklore objects .
on largo dom joão iii , at the center of the town , is the excellent museu da terra de miranda , displaying a [choice] of traditional mirandês costumes , ancient ritualistic figures , furniture , and folklore objects .

The capital is renowned for its selection of silk fabrics and clothing , embroidery , pearls , jade , porcelains , cloisonné , lacquerware , carpets , furniture , antiques , and artwork ( both contemporary and traditional ) .
the capital is renowned for its [choice] of silk fabrics and clothing , embroidery , pearls , jade , porcelains , cloisonné , lacquerware , carpets , furniture , antiques , and artwork ( both contemporary and traditional ) .

This “ Land of Silk ” has excellent selection and prices in silk fabrics and finished garments .
this “ land of silk ” has excellent [choice] and prices in silk fabrics and finished garments .

Off Road Vehicle Adventures : These are becoming very popular , and a selection of them is listed below .
off road vehicle adventures : these are becoming very popular , and a [choice] of them is listed below .

The larger cities offer lower prices and a better selection of goods than resorts like Torremolinos or Fuengirola .
the larger cities offer lower prices and a better [choice] of goods than resorts like torremolinos or fuengirola .

For more sophisticated shopping , nothing can compare with Marbella or Puerto Banús , where dozens of attractive harborfront boutiques offer a stunning selection of merchandise at equally stunning prices .
for more sophisticated shopping , nothing can compare with marbella or puerto banús , where dozens of attractive harborfront boutiques offer a stunning [choice] of merchandise at equally stunning prices .

There ’ s also a wide selection of tiles ( azulejos ) , vases , bowls , and jugs , with floral or geometric decorations in bright colors .
there ’ s also a wide [choice] of tiles ( azulejos ) , vases , bowls , and jugs , with floral or geometric decorations in bright colors .

Leather and Suede : Choose from a wide selection of handbags , belts , wallets , trousers , skirts , and coats .
leather and suede : choose from a wide [choice] of handbags , belts , wallets , trousers , skirts , and coats .

There is also an excellent selection of handicrafts available at excellent prices in towns and resorts frequented by tourists .
there is also an excellent [choice] of handicrafts available at excellent prices in towns and resorts frequented by tourists .

Above El Floridita , Havana ’ s Casa del Ron has the island ’ s most impressive selection of rums , including hundred-dollar vintages , half a dozen national brands , and rum flavored with grenadine , peppermint , or banana .
above el floridita , havana ’ s casa del ron has the island ’ s most impressive [choice] of rums , including hundred-dollar vintages , half a dozen national brands , and rum flavored with grenadine , peppermint , or banana .

The dutyfree shop at the airport also has an extensive selection .
the dutyfree shop at the airport also has an extensive [choice] .

Compact discs and cassettes of Cuban music are widely available , and the selection is now much improved .
compact discs and cassettes of cuban music are widely available , and the [choice] is now much improved .

The selection , though , is generally poorer than in Havana .
the [choice] , though , is generally poorer than in havana .

You can find a very good selection of fashionable , relatively inexpensive shoes and handbags .
you can find a very good [choice] of fashionable , relatively inexpensive shoes and handbags .

Here you will ﬁnd a selection of clothes , fashion accessories , shoes , jewellery , antiques , books , music , china , glass , and much more .
here you will ﬁnd a [choice] of clothes , fashion accessories , shoes , jewellery , antiques , books , music , china , glass , and much more .

Au Printemps , just next door , has the biggest selection of shoes and is famous for its perfumes , toys , and innovative household goods .
au printemps , just next door , has the biggest [choice] of shoes and is famous for its perfumes , toys , and innovative household goods .

A bigger selection is at Legrand , on rue de la Banque .
a bigger [choice] is at legrand , on rue de la banque .

Windjammer Gallery ( on King Street in Hamilton ) has a comprehensive selection of pieces by local artists .
windjammer gallery ( on king street in hamilton ) has a comprehensive [choice] of pieces by local artists .

Under the revised structure , which is expected to be put in place in the early part of next year , LSNY will have a controlling voice in the selection of the boards for the local corporations .
under the revised structure , which is expected to be put in place in the early part of next year , lsny will have a controlling voice in the [choice] of the boards for the local corporations .

He also pointed out that LSNY has agreed to bylaw changes that circumscribe its otherwise unlimited powers over the selection and replacement of local board members .
he also pointed out that lsny has agreed to bylaw changes that circumscribe its otherwise unlimited powers over the [choice] and replacement of local board members .

To support this process , a Program Management Office was recently established to develop financial systems requirements , address system integration issues , and generally facilitate the system selection and procurement process .
to support this process , a program management office was recently established to develop financial systems requirements , address system integration issues , and generally facilitate the system [choice] and procurement process .

For example , as a way to develop a cadre of experienced and diverse leaders , the CFO Council Fellows Program was initiated in April of 1998 with the selection of nine fellows to serve 1year appointments at host organizations .
for example , as a way to develop a cadre of experienced and diverse leaders , the cfo council fellows program was initiated in april of 1998 with the [choice] of nine fellows to serve 1year appointments at host organizations .

We formed an advisory group to assist with job design , our overall scope and methodology , and case study selection as well as to critique our research findings and comment on our draft report .
we formed an advisory group to assist with job design , our overall scope and methodology , and case study [choice] as well as to critique our research findings and comment on our draft report .

Our selection process was not designed to provide examples that could be considered representative of all the employee empowerment and involvement initiatives at the agencies reviewed or the federal government in general .
our [choice] process was not designed to provide examples that could be considered representative of all the employee empowerment and involvement initiatives at the agencies reviewed or the federal government in general .

Many people are willing to serve higher goals and the selection process needs to go beyond `` its usual pool of suspects . ''
many people are willing to serve higher goals and the [choice] process needs to go beyond `` its usual pool of suspects . ''

The rule requires employers to establish and maintain a respiratory protection program and includes requirements for program administration ; worksite-specific procedures ; respirator selection ; employee training ; fit testing ; medical evaluation ; respirator use ; cleaning , maintenance , and repair ; and other provisions .
the rule requires employers to establish and maintain a respiratory protection program and includes requirements for program administration ; worksite-specific procedures ; respirator [choice] ; employee training ; fit testing ; medical evaluation ; respirator use ; cleaning , maintenance , and repair ; and other provisions .

Statistical sampling procedures implemented involved a random selection of invoices from a known universe of invoices below a certain dollar amount ( currently set at $ 2,5003 ) tobe examined in lieu of examining all invoices as would be done under a 100percent examination .
statistical sampling procedures implemented involved a random [choice] of invoices from a known universe of invoices below a certain dollar amount ( currently set at $ 2,5003 ) tobe examined in lieu of examining all invoices as would be done under a 100percent examination .

The plan should include ( 1 ) a definition of the universe of invoices to be examined , ( 2 ) the size and selection method of the sample based on the risks of the invoice processing system , ( 3 ) procedures to analyze the results of the sample , and ( 4 ) methods to document the plan and the analysis .
the plan should include ( 1 ) a definition of the universe of invoices to be examined , ( 2 ) the size and [choice] method of the sample based on the risks of the invoice processing system , ( 3 ) procedures to analyze the results of the sample , and ( 4 ) methods to document the plan and the analysis .

Through analysis , the plan must develop and identify a tolerable error rate ( the point at which , or below which , savings should occur ) , the number of vouchers to select for examination , and the selection method .
through analysis , the plan must develop and identify a tolerable error rate ( the point at which , or below which , savings should occur ) , the number of vouchers to select for examination , and the [choice] method .

This basis for selection was to compare and contrast the development practices used on each with best practices used by the commercial companies .
this basis for [choice] was to compare and contrast the development practices used on each with best practices used by the commercial companies .

If other auditors have identified areas that warrant further study , their work may influence the auditors ' selection of objectives .
if other auditors have identified areas that warrant further study , their work may influence the auditors ' [choice] of objectives .

The availability of other auditors ' work may also influence the selection of methodology , as the auditors may be able to rely on that work to limit the extent of their own testing .
the availability of other auditors ' work may also influence the [choice] of methodology , as the auditors may be able to rely on that work to limit the extent of their own testing .

When deciding on an electronic signature system for T & A data , agencies should identify and/or develop and document the criteria used in the selection of the signature system and how the criteria and the selected system complies with the GPEA definition of an electronic signature .
when deciding on an electronic signature system for t & a data , agencies should identify and/or develop and document the criteria used in the [choice] of the signature system and how the criteria and the selected system complies with the gpea definition of an electronic signature .

Several alternative design solutions can be considered during this phase , leading up to the selection of a single preferred approach .
several alternative design solutions can be considered during this phase , leading up to the [choice] of a single preferred approach .

Coordinate agreement for developing theevaluation and source selection plans and gain acceptance of the evaluation process and criteria .
coordinate agreement for developing theevaluation and source [choice] plans and gain acceptance of the evaluation process and criteria .

These elements include acquisition objectives ; cost goals ; responsible decision-makers ; capability or performance characteristics ; risks associated with technical matters , scheduling , and costs ; plan of action ; competition ; source selection procedures ; contract type and special contract provisions ; contract management procedures or organization ; budget and funding ; information needed to monitor contractor performance ; test and evaluation ; security and privacy ; and acquisition milestones .
these elements include acquisition objectives ; cost goals ; responsible decision-makers ; capability or performance characteristics ; risks associated with technical matters , scheduling , and costs ; plan of action ; competition ; source [choice] procedures ; contract type and special contract provisions ; contract management procedures or organization ; budget and funding ; information needed to monitor contractor performance ; test and evaluation ; security and privacy ; and acquisition milestones .

Ensure that the source selection plan has been approved by the source selection authority before presolicitation conferences are held or the solicitation document is issued , in accordance with FAR 15.612 .
ensure that the source [choice] plan has been approved by the source [choice] authority before presolicitation conferences are held or the solicitation document is issued , in accordance with far 15.612 .

Source Selection The source selection process is critical to securing the best value for the government .
source [choice] the source [choice] process is critical to securing the best value for the government .

The agency should receive proposals , evaluate the technical and cost merits of different proposals , negotiate with contractors , and award a contract in accordance with a source selection plan developed before release of the RFP .
the agency should receive proposals , evaluate the technical and cost merits of different proposals , negotiate with contractors , and award a contract in accordance with a source [choice] plan developed before release of the rfp .

To ensure that the source selection process isAudit Objective planned and carried out in order to successfully reach a contract that gives the best value to the government .
to ensure that the source [choice] process isaudit objective planned and carried out in order to successfully reach a contract that gives the best value to the government .

Required • Lessons learned report or other report by the Contracting Officer describing negotiations and selection activities .
required • lessons learned report or other report by the contracting officer describing negotiations and [choice] activities .

Examine the evaluation process by reviewingrecords of the source selection procedures and determine :
examine the evaluation process by reviewingrecords of the source [choice] procedures and determine :

Determine if the best and final offers were solicitedand evaluated in accordance with the source selection plan .
determine if the best and final offers were solicitedand evaluated in accordance with the source [choice] plan .

Subpart 15.6 : Source Selection .
subpart 15.6 : source [choice] .

Acquisition begins at the point when agency needs are established and includes the description of requirements to satisfy agency needs , solicitation and selection of sources , award of contracts , contract financing , contract performance , contract administration , and those technical and management functions directly related to the process of fulfilling agency needs by contract .
acquisition begins at the point when agency needs are established and includes the description of requirements to satisfy agency needs , solicitation and [choice] of sources , award of contracts , contract financing , contract performance , contract administration , and those technical and management functions directly related to the process of fulfilling agency needs by contract .

Source Selection source for an acquisition .
source [choice] source for an acquisition .

Most often the title is usedAuthority ( SSA ) when the selection process is formal and the official is other than the Contracting Officer .
most often the title is usedauthority ( ssa ) when the [choice] process is formal and the official is other than the contracting officer .

Source Selection resources managers , and other government personnelEvaluation Board whose primary function is to evaluate proposals ( SSEB ) received in response to an RFP .
source [choice] resources managers , and other government personnelevaluation board whose primary function is to evaluate proposals ( sseb ) received in response to an rfp .

Source Selection awarding a contract-proposal evaluation criteria , Plan evaluation methodology , evaluator 's responsibilities , and final selection procedures .
source [choice] awarding a contract-proposal evaluation criteria , plan evaluation methodology , evaluator 's responsibilities , and final [choice] procedures .

If the current policy is changed to allow federal civilian and military employees to retain their official travel miles for personal use , controls over the need for travel and the selection of routes and carriers would have to be effectively implemented .
if the current policy is changed to allow federal civilian and military employees to retain their official travel miles for personal use , controls over the need for travel and the [choice] of routes and carriers would have to be effectively implemented .

Criterion is fairly clear : `` required U.S. and international security procedures '' Focus is narrow : `` passengers '' Influences on compliance are likely to be relatively few : staff knowledge of procedures , staff training in their implementation , functioning equipment , number of staff compared to workflow , degree of supervision , staff screening and selection Relation of input ( influences on compliance ) to output ( that required security procedures are followed ) is fairly direct ( continued )
criterion is fairly clear : `` required u.s. and international security procedures '' focus is narrow : `` passengers '' influences on compliance are likely to be relatively few : staff knowledge of procedures , staff training in their implementation , functioning equipment , number of staff compared to workflow , degree of supervision , staff screening and [choice] relation of input ( influences on compliance ) to output ( that required security procedures are followed ) is fairly direct ( continued )

Instance Selection in Case Studies These features are the price of admission to the expected benefits .
instance [choice] in case studies these features are the price of admission to the expected benefits .

Probably the most critical features are appropriate instance selection , triangulation , and the search for disproving evidence .
probably the most critical features are appropriate instance [choice] , triangulation , and the search for disproving evidence .

Of these three , probably the most critical is appropriate instance selection .
of these three , probably the most critical is appropriate instance [choice] .

A good case study will use a basis for instance selection that is appropriate for the question to be answered .
a good case study will use a basis for instance [choice] that is appropriate for the question to be answered .

Of particular interest may be the seven varieties of purposive site selection : bracketing , best cases , worst cases , cluster , representative , typical , and special interest .
of particular interest may be the seven varieties of purposive site [choice] : bracketing , best cases , worst cases , cluster , representative , typical , and special interest .

Instance selection is crucial to generalizability and to answering the evaluation questions appropriately .
instance [choice] is crucial to generalizability and to answering the evaluation questions appropriately .

Only rarely will convenience be a sound basis for instance selection ; only rarely will probability sampling be feasible .
only rarely will convenience be a sound basis for instance [choice] ; only rarely will probability sampling be feasible .

Thus , instance selection on the basis of the purpose of the study is the most appropriate method in many designs .
thus , instance [choice] on the basis of the purpose of the study is the most appropriate method in many designs .

Each site would Page 34 GAO/PEMD-91-10.1.9 Case Study Evaluations have a 1-in-16 chance of selection , and that chance would be equal among sites .
each site would page 34 gao/pemd-91-10.1.9 case study evaluations have a 1-in-16 chance of [choice] , and that chance would be equal among sites .

For readers who want to check out their skills in applying different types of purposive selection , appendix II gives information for a job involving the 50 states ( a fairly common situation for GAO ) , a form for indicating which you would select for each of the seven kinds of purposive selection , and our answers , for comparison against yours .
for readers who want to check out their skills in applying different types of purposive [choice] , appendix ii gives information for a job involving the 50 states ( a fairly common situation for gao ) , a form for indicating which you would select for each of the seven kinds of purposive [choice] , and our answers , for comparison against yours .

In many jobs , what is a `` case '' and what dimensions are important to consider in selection will be clear .
in many jobs , what is a `` case '' and what dimensions are important to consider in [choice] will be clear .

Such a situation might be a bilingual education class , about which stereotypes can abound , or life aboard a nuclear-weapon-equipped submarine , a situation few readers will ever experience themselves but may need to get a feel for in order to understand staff selection , training , and management on modern submarines .
such a situation might be a bilingual education class , about which stereotypes can abound , or life aboard a nuclear-weapon-equipped submarine , a situation few readers will ever experience themselves but may need to get a feel for in order to understand staff [choice] , training , and management on modern submarines .

Functions Where considerable uncertainty exists about program operations , goals , and results , exploratory case studies help identify questions , select important measurement constructs , develop actual measures for these , which can be used later in larger-scale tests ; formulate expectations ; safeguard investment in larger studies ( for problems or programs that are not well-developed ) Design features Site selected : needs at least one site that represents each important variation to make a convenience sample acceptable ; number of cases sufficient to cover diversity ; data focus on program operations and on-site observation , are not longitudinal but need enough time to find out what is going on ; analysis is closely concurrent with field work but does not require strong chain of evidence or audit trail ; reports are usually internal or parts of larger , longer reports Pitfalls Temptation to prolong the exploratory phase ; site selection only for convenience , inadequate coverage of diversity ; prematurity -exploratory findings released as conclusions ; over-involvement in evaluator 's own hunches so that initial findings are confirmed rather than tested Some of our scoping work already may involve exploratory case studies .
functions where considerable uncertainty exists about program operations , goals , and results , exploratory case studies help identify questions , select important measurement constructs , develop actual measures for these , which can be used later in larger-scale tests ; formulate expectations ; safeguard investment in larger studies ( for problems or programs that are not well-developed ) design features site selected : needs at least one site that represents each important variation to make a convenience sample acceptable ; number of cases sufficient to cover diversity ; data focus on program operations and on-site observation , are not longitudinal but need enough time to find out what is going on ; analysis is closely concurrent with field work but does not require strong chain of evidence or audit trail ; reports are usually internal or parts of larger , longer reports pitfalls temptation to prolong the exploratory phase ; site [choice] only for convenience , inadequate coverage of diversity ; prematurity -exploratory findings released as conclusions ; over-involvement in evaluator 's own hunches so that initial findings are confirmed rather than tested some of our scoping work already may involve exploratory case studies .

The product of this exploratory case study was a briefing , with the study design choices described , including detailed research questions , outlines of data sources , significant variables , extant data bases , and site selection criteria .
the product of this exploratory case study was a briefing , with the study design choices described , including detailed research questions , outlines of data sources , significant variables , extant data bases , and site [choice] criteria .

In addition , it is inappropriate to use the scoping phase as an ad hoc exploratory case study accompanied by an urge to issue the product at the end of scoping , when the necessary procedures for an exploratory Page 44 GAO/PEMD-91-10.1.9 Case Study Evaluations case study with regard to such issues as instance selection have not been followed .
in addition , it is inappropriate to use the scoping phase as an ad hoc exploratory case study accompanied by an urge to issue the product at the end of scoping , when the necessary procedures for an exploratory page 44 gao/pemd-91-10.1.9 case study evaluations case study with regard to such issues as instance [choice] have not been followed .

Table 3.4 : Program Implementation Case Aspect examined Characteristic Studies Evaluation Descriptive , normative questions Functions Learn what implementation has been achieved , understand unexpected aspects ; understand reasons why implementation looks the way it does ; useful when enabling legislation has given flexibility Design features Site selection can not be convenience because usually generalization wanted , and purposive sample can be typical and representative of diversity and best and worst cases ; number of cases depends on program diversity since generalization usually wanted ; data rely on common instruments , published documents , and observation ; reports are varied in theme , site , chronology , and narration Pitfalls Bias detection methods may be inadequate ; may fail to take into account diverse views about program goals and purposes ; competence of all on-site observers may not be sufficiently high ; can be costly due to study size ; the demands of data management , data quality control , validation procedures , and analytic model ( within site , cross site , etc . )
table 3.4 : program implementation case aspect examined characteristic studies evaluation descriptive , normative questions functions learn what implementation has been achieved , understand unexpected aspects ; understand reasons why implementation looks the way it does ; useful when enabling legislation has given flexibility design features site [choice] can not be convenience because usually generalization wanted , and purposive sample can be typical and representative of diversity and best and worst cases ; number of cases depends on program diversity since generalization usually wanted ; data rely on common instruments , published documents , and observation ; reports are varied in theme , site , chronology , and narration pitfalls bias detection methods may be inadequate ; may fail to take into account diverse views about program goals and purposes ; competence of all on-site observers may not be sufficiently high ; can be costly due to study size ; the demands of data management , data quality control , validation procedures , and analytic model ( within site , cross site , etc . )

Of note is the methodological detail given on project selection , data collection , analysis , and case format .
of note is the methodological detail given on project [choice] , data collection , analysis , and case format .

Table 3.6 : Program Effects Case Studies Aspect examined Characteristic Evaluation questions Cause and effect , can be stand alone or multimethods and can be conducted before , during , or after other methods Functions Determine impact and give strong inference about reasons for effects Design features Site selection depends on program diversity , can not be used with highly diverse programs ; best , worst , representative , typical , or cluster bases appropriate ; must keep number of cases manageable or risk becoming minisurvey , can use survey before or after to check generalizability or mix survey with concurrent case studies selected for special purposes ; data rely on observation and structured materials , often combine qualitative and quantitative data ; analysis uses varying degrees of formalization around emergent or predetermined themes ; reports are usually thematic and describe site differences and explain these ; variation in degree of integration of data across sites and of findings from different methods Pitfalls Not collecting the right amount of data ; not examining the right number of sites ; insufficient supply of well-trained evaluators ; difficulties in giving evaluators enough data collection latitude to obtaining insight without risking bias There are some methodological solutions to this problem .
table 3.6 : program effects case studies aspect examined characteristic evaluation questions cause and effect , can be stand alone or multimethods and can be conducted before , during , or after other methods functions determine impact and give strong inference about reasons for effects design features site [choice] depends on program diversity , can not be used with highly diverse programs ; best , worst , representative , typical , or cluster bases appropriate ; must keep number of cases manageable or risk becoming minisurvey , can use survey before or after to check generalizability or mix survey with concurrent case studies selected for special purposes ; data rely on observation and structured materials , often combine qualitative and quantitative data ; analysis uses varying degrees of formalization around emergent or predetermined themes ; reports are usually thematic and describe site differences and explain these ; variation in degree of integration of data across sites and of findings from different methods pitfalls not collecting the right amount of data ; not examining the right number of sites ; insufficient supply of well-trained evaluators ; difficulties in giving evaluators enough data collection latitude to obtaining insight without risking bias there are some methodological solutions to this problem .

Table 3.7 : Cumulative Case Studies Aspect examined Characteristic Evaluation questions Cause and effect Functions Retrospective cumulation allows generalization without cost and time of conducting numerous new case studies ; prospective cumulation also allows generalization without unmanageably large numbers of cases in process at any one time ; strengthens inference from new studies by combining with results from older studies Design features Uses site selection and usually a large number of cases ; data as reported ( retrospective ) ; usually on-site observation ( prospective ) ; backfill techniques ; analysis uses case survey method to cumulate findings ; possible to examine interactions directly since number of instances is large ; reports may resemble evaluation syntheses ( continued )
table 3.7 : cumulative case studies aspect examined characteristic evaluation questions cause and effect functions retrospective cumulation allows generalization without cost and time of conducting numerous new case studies ; prospective cumulation also allows generalization without unmanageably large numbers of cases in process at any one time ; strengthens inference from new studies by combining with results from older studies design features uses site [choice] and usually a large number of cases ; data as reported ( retrospective ) ; usually on-site observation ( prospective ) ; backfill techniques ; analysis uses case survey method to cumulate findings ; possible to examine interactions directly since number of instances is large ; reports may resemble evaluation syntheses ( continued )

In backfilling , the evaluator might call the author , visit the author to review the original data , or contact others who were knowledgeable about the design decisions in order to get adequate information on instance selection .
in backfilling , the evaluator might call the author , visit the author to review the original data , or contact others who were knowledgeable about the design decisions in order to get adequate information on instance [choice] .

Design Decisions and Case Study Applications In earlier sections , we discussed seven bases for purposive selection of instances and six applications of the case study method , each of which was associated with a different evaluation purpose or question .
design decisions and case study applications in earlier sections , we discussed seven bases for purposive [choice] of instances and six applications of the case study method , each of which was associated with a different evaluation purpose or question .

For example , if the purpose of the study is illustrative , an appropriate basis for site selection could be typical , representative , or cluster ; the case studies would be conducted concurrently with other methods used in the main study ; prestructuring or guidance to the evaluators in the field would be low to moderate to permit the thickness and richness of insights needed ; data could be qualitative only or both qualitative and quantitative ; the case studies probably would be analyzed within sites only ; and the reporting would probably be narrative .
for example , if the purpose of the study is illustrative , an appropriate basis for site [choice] could be typical , representative , or cluster ; the case studies would be conducted concurrently with other methods used in the main study ; prestructuring or guidance to the evaluators in the field would be low to moderate to permit the thickness and richness of insights needed ; data could be qualitative only or both qualitative and quantitative ; the case studies probably would be analyzed within sites only ; and the reporting would probably be narrative .

In the last chapter , we covered instance selection .
in the last chapter , we covered instance [choice] .

An example of an efficient combination of careful specification of the purpose of the study matched with appropriate site selection is the GGD study of the productivity of the Social Security Administration 's ( SSA 's ) regional operations .
an example of an efficient combination of careful specification of the purpose of the study matched with appropriate site [choice] is the ggd study of the productivity of the social security administration 's ( ssa 's ) regional operations .

Where to Go for More Information are used independently , as long as they are carefully designed in terms of case selection and analytic strategies .
where to go for more information are used independently , as long as they are carefully designed in terms of case [choice] and analytic strategies .

We discussed six types of case study that differ considerably in their requirements for site selection , data collection , and analysis , among other things .
we discussed six types of case study that differ considerably in their requirements for site [choice] , data collection , and analysis , among other things .

Evaluation Design Mismatch between criteria for the specific job and what the case study application can do ; insufficient attention to contrasts and comparisons needed for purposes of the study Site selection More sites selected than needed ; fewer sites selected than needed ; inappropriate basis for site selection , for the particular job and evaluation question Data collection Reliability jeopardized by lack of common guidance in data collection ; findings noncomparable ; lack of quality control in data collector roles and responsibilities : impartiality threatened ; overly loose relationship between data collected and the evaluation question ; inadequacy of information Data analysis Insufficient attention to requirements of analytic plan chosen : low plausibility of results ; insufficient attention to management and data reduction : inefficiency , lateness , incomplete use of data ; inadequate methods of relating findings across sites ; inadequate methods for relating qualitative and quantitative data within sites Reporting Quality and Evaluation Design : Planning Study stage Common pitfall We have presented six types of case study evaluations and for each one described features such as number of sites , site selection , data collection , data analysis , and reporting .
evaluation design mismatch between criteria for the specific job and what the case study application can do ; insufficient attention to contrasts and comparisons needed for purposes of the study site [choice] more sites selected than needed ; fewer sites selected than needed ; inappropriate basis for site [choice] , for the particular job and evaluation question data collection reliability jeopardized by lack of common guidance in data collection ; findings noncomparable ; lack of quality control in data collector roles and responsibilities : impartiality threatened ; overly loose relationship between data collected and the evaluation question ; inadequacy of information data analysis insufficient attention to requirements of analytic plan chosen : low plausibility of results ; insufficient attention to management and data reduction : inefficiency , lateness , incomplete use of data ; inadequate methods of relating findings across sites ; inadequate methods for relating qualitative and quantitative data within sites reporting quality and evaluation design : planning study stage common pitfall we have presented six types of case study evaluations and for each one described features such as number of sites , site [choice] , data collection , data analysis , and reporting .

Usually , an illustrative case study site should be typical of the program being examined Page 82 GAO/PEMD-91-10.1.9 Case Study Evaluations Overgeneralization , compared to actual basis for site selection , number of sites studied , and requirements for inference in the design ; inadequate interpretation , unintegrated narrative , results not adequately related to user questions ; inadequate attention to threats to impartiality and the extent to which these have been avoided Quality of Evaluation Design : Reviewing while exploratory case study sites should bracket the diversity that is likely to be encountered in the program , population , and setting of a larger study .
usually , an illustrative case study site should be typical of the program being examined page 82 gao/pemd-91-10.1.9 case study evaluations overgeneralization , compared to actual basis for site [choice] , number of sites studied , and requirements for inference in the design ; inadequate interpretation , unintegrated narrative , results not adequately related to user questions ; inadequate attention to threats to impartiality and the extent to which these have been avoided quality of evaluation design : reviewing while exploratory case study sites should bracket the diversity that is likely to be encountered in the program , population , and setting of a larger study .

On matters of design , the guidelines discuss the clarity of issues , the relationship of the evaluation question to the case study application selected , the basis for case study selection , and the time span of the study .
on matters of design , the guidelines discuss the clarity of issues , the relationship of the evaluation question to the case study application selected , the basis for case study [choice] , and the time span of the study .

For case studies in particular , there must be an empirical basis for instance selection and assurance of adequate population homogeneity .
for case studies in particular , there must be an empirical basis for instance [choice] and assurance of adequate population homogeneity .

A key element of case study analysis is the selection and organization of material to account for the complexities and interactions of the events .
a key element of case study analysis is the [choice] and organization of material to account for the complexities and interactions of the events .

Question 1 : Instance Selection Imagine that in 1987 , within an effort to estimate the extent of tax revenues lost or delayed from the failure of businesses to file returns , the General Accounting Office examined revenue shortfalls to individual states .
question 1 : instance [choice] imagine that in 1987 , within an effort to estimate the extent of tax revenues lost or delayed from the failure of businesses to file returns , the general accounting office examined revenue shortfalls to individual states .

Using the hypothetical data in table II.I , identify states for each type of purposive selection that we might consider .
using the hypothetical data in table ii.i , identify states for each type of purposive [choice] that we might consider .

This basis for selection should be ruled out for this job , however , because there is no meaningful cluster from the group , except that the states are all among the larger states .
this basis for [choice] should be ruled out for this job , however , because there is no meaningful cluster from the group , except that the states are all among the larger states .

Another basis might be a Page 109 GAO/PEMD-91-10.1.9 Case Study Evaluations crosstabulation of state size and rate of unfiled returns ; here selection of six states could give a reasonable fix on reasons for the problem but would essentially reproduce the strategy used in the representative sample .
another basis might be a page 109 gao/pemd-91-10.1.9 case study evaluations crosstabulation of state size and rate of unfiled returns ; here [choice] of six states could give a reasonable fix on reasons for the problem but would essentially reproduce the strategy used in the representative sample .

Is the basis for case selection presented ?
is the basis for case [choice] presented ?

Is the basis for case selection presented ?
is the basis for case [choice] presented ?

Glossary Backfill Techniques Techniques used in cumulative case studies to collect information needed if the study is to be usable for aggregation ; these techniques include , for example , obtaining missing information from the authors on how instances studied were identified and on the bases for instance selection .
glossary backfill techniques techniques used in cumulative case studies to collect information needed if the study is to be usable for aggregation ; these techniques include , for example , obtaining missing information from the authors on how instances studied were identified and on the bases for instance [choice] .

Federal Reserve Chairman Greenspan , among others , has expressed concern that there would be tremendous political pressure to steer the federal government 's asset selection to achieve economic , social , or political purposes .
federal reserve chairman greenspan , among others , has expressed concern that there would be tremendous political pressure to steer the federal government 's asset [choice] to achieve economic , social , or political purposes .

Instituting an effective CIO organization does not start with selection or placement of an information technology and management leader , nor does it begin with establishing a structure for managing information resources and activities .
instituting an effective cio organization does not start with [choice] or placement of an information technology and management leader , nor does it begin with establishing a structure for managing information resources and activities .

Our selection of state organizations was based on recognition by professional publications , state CIOs , and the National Association of State Information Resource Executives ( NASIRE ) .
our [choice] of state organizations was based on recognition by professional publications , state cios , and the national association of state information resource executives ( nasire ) .

As part of the competitive bidding requirement , Congress mandated that current and past LSC recipients may not `` be given any preference in the competitive selection process . ''
as part of the competitive bidding requirement , congress mandated that current and past lsc recipients may not `` be given any preference in the competitive [choice] process . ''

To further its goal of expanding recipients ' use of technology , LSC is proceeding with its second round of Technology Initiative Grants , it has consulted with grantees on the selection of case management software which will accommodate merger-related technology needs , and it has provided continued technology training to recipients .
to further its goal of expanding recipients ' use of technology , lsc is proceeding with its second round of technology initiative grants , it has consulted with grantees on the [choice] of case management software which will accommodate merger-related technology needs , and it has provided continued technology training to recipients .

Any deviation from the recommended flowcharts for selection of statistical methods should be noted in the data report .
any deviation from the recommended flowcharts for [choice] of statistical methods should be noted in the data report .

Any deviation from the recommended flowcharts for selection of statistical methods should be noted in the data report .
any deviation from the recommended flowcharts for [choice] of statistical methods should be noted in the data report .

The selection of policies in the CEF study began with a sector-by-sector assessment of market failures and institutional barriers to the market penetration of clean energy technologies in the US .
the [choice] of policies in the cef study began with a sector-by-sector assessment of market failures and institutional barriers to the market penetration of clean energy technologies in the us .

We evaluated studies using the nine selection criteria summarized in Exhibit 7 .
we evaluated studies using the nine [choice] criteria summarized in exhibit 7 .

The selection of C-R functions for the benefits analysis is guided by the goal of achieving a balance between comprehensiveness and scientific defensibility .
the [choice] of c-r functions for the benefits analysis is guided by the goal of achieving a balance between comprehensiveness and scientific defensibility .

We present information below on the selection of C-R functions for the two most significant health effects evaluated ( in terms of monetized benefits ) , premature mortality and chronic bronchitis .
we present information below on the [choice] of c-r functions for the two most significant health effects evaluated ( in terms of monetized benefits ) , premature mortality and chronic bronchitis .

Detailed information on the selection and application of C-R functions for other endpoints in Exhibit 4 is available in the Heavy-Duty Engine/Diesel Fuel RIA ( U.S. EPA , 2000b ) .
detailed information on the [choice] and application of c-r functions for other endpoints in exhibit 4 is available in the heavy-duty engine/diesel fuel ria ( u.s. epa , 2000b ) .

The SAB has recently agreed with EPA 's selection of this specification for use in analyzing mortality benefits of PM reductions ( EPA-SAB-COUNCIL-ADV-01-004 , 2001 ) .
the sab has recently agreed with epa 's [choice] of this specification for use in analyzing mortality benefits of pm reductions ( epa-sab-council-adv-01-004 , 2001 ) .

The Selection of U.S. PostalService Domestic Rates .
the [choice] of u.s. postalservice domestic rates .

The Selection of FPA Domestic Rates .
the [choice] of fpa domestic rates .

E. Volume Available For Cream Skimmers It is unlikely that cream skimmers would base their selection of areas to serve on the Postal Service 's delivery profits .
e. volume available for cream skimmers it is unlikely that cream skimmers would base their [choice] of areas to serve on the postal service 's delivery profits .

Recruitment and Selection for 9/11 Twelve of the 13 muscle hijackers ( excluding Nawaf al Hazmi and Mihdhar ) came from Saudi Arabia : Satam al Suqami , Wail al Shehri , Waleed al Shehri , Abdul Aziz al Omari , Ahmed al Ghamdi , Hamza al Ghamdi , Mohand al Shehri , Majed Moqed , Salem al Hazmi , Saeed al Ghamdi , Ahmad al Haznawi , and Ahmed al Nami .
recruitment and [choice] for 9/11 twelve of the 13 muscle hijackers ( excluding nawaf al hazmi and mihdhar ) came from saudi arabia : satam al suqami , wail al shehri , waleed al shehri , abdul aziz al omari , ahmed al ghamdi , hamza al ghamdi , mohand al shehri , majed moqed , salem al hazmi , saeed al ghamdi , ahmad al haznawi , and ahmed al nami .

Several other al Qaeda figures , however , have stated that ethnicity generally was not a factor in the selection of operatives unless it was important for security or operational reasons .
several other al qaeda figures , however , have stated that ethnicity generally was not a factor in the [choice] of operatives unless it was important for security or operational reasons .

After the selection and oath-swearing , the operative would be sent to KSM for training and the filming of a martyrdom video , a function KSM supervised as head of al Qaeda 's media committee .
after the [choice] and oath-swearing , the operative would be sent to ksm for training and the filming of a martyrdom video , a function ksm supervised as head of al qaeda 's media committee .

That is , it should be an authoritative reference base on the transnational terrorist organizations : their people , goals , strategies , capabilities , networks of contacts and support , the context in which they operate , and their characteristic habits across the life cycle of operations-recruitment , reconnaissance , target selection , logistics , and travel .
that is , it should be an authoritative reference base on the transnational terrorist organizations : their people , goals , strategies , capabilities , networks of contacts and support , the context in which they operate , and their characteristic habits across the life cycle of operations-recruitment , reconnaissance , target [choice] , logistics , and travel .

Selection entailed only having one 's checked baggage screened for explosives or held off the airplane until one had boarded .
[choice] entailed only having one 's checked baggage screened for explosives or held off the airplane until one had boarded .

The FBI should fully implement a recruiting , hiring , and selection process for agents and analysts that enhances its ability to target and attract individuals with educational and professional backgrounds in intelligence , international relations , language , technology , and other relevant skills .
the fbi should fully implement a recruiting , hiring , and [choice] process for agents and analysts that enhances its ability to target and attract individuals with educational and professional backgrounds in intelligence , international relations , language , technology , and other relevant skills .

No one else was involved in the initial selection of targets .
no one else was involved in the initial [choice] of targets .

For the specific targets , see Intelligence report , selection of 9/11 targets , Aug. 13 , 2003 ( citing KSM interrogation ) .
for the specific targets , see intelligence report , [choice] of 9/11 targets , aug. 13 , 2003 ( citing ksm interrogation ) .

KSM has also stated that he did not learn of the selection of Hazmi and Mihdhar for the planes operation until November 1999 .
ksm has also stated that he did not learn of the [choice] of hazmi and mihdhar for the planes operation until november 1999 .

The enemy made mistakes-like Khalid al Mihdhar 's unauthorized departure from the United States that required him to enter the country again in July 2001 , or the selection of Zacarias Moussaoui as a participant and Ramzi Binalshibh 's transfer of money to him .
the enemy made mistakes-like khalid al mihdhar 's unauthorized departure from the united states that required him to enter the country again in july 2001 , or the [choice] of zacarias moussaoui as a participant and ramzi binalshibh 's transfer of money to him .

CAPPS is still part of the screening process , still profiling passengers , with the consequences of selection now including personal searches of the individual and carry-on bags .
capps is still part of the screening process , still profiling passengers , with the consequences of [choice] now including personal searches of the individual and carry-on bags .

Under security rules in place at the time , the only consequence of Atta 's selection by CAPPS was that his checked bags were held off the plane until it was confirmed that he had boarded the aircraft .
under security rules in place at the time , the only consequence of atta 's [choice] by capps was that his checked bags were held off the plane until it was confirmed that he had boarded the aircraft .

Their selection affected only the handling of their checked bags , not their screening at the checkpoint .
their [choice] affected only the handling of their checked bags , not their screening at the checkpoint .

The only consequence of their selection was that their checked bags were held off the plane until it was confirmed that they had boarded the aircraft .
the only consequence of their [choice] was that their checked bags were held off the plane until it was confirmed that they had boarded the aircraft .

Natural selection has so molded biological entities that nearly everything one looks at , from molecules to cells , from organ systems to ecosystems , has ( at one time at least ) been retained because it carries out a function that enhances fitness .
natural [choice] has so molded biological entities that nearly everything one looks at , from molecules to cells , from organ systems to ecosystems , has ( at one time at least ) been retained because it carries out a function that enhances fitness .

What we are missing , they argue , is an appreciation of niche construction , the process by which an organism modifies the abiotic and biotic environment in which it is subject to natural selection .
what we are missing , they argue , is an appreciation of niche construction , the process by which an organism modifies the abiotic and biotic environment in which it is subject to natural [choice] .

The authors ' major assertion is that the importance of niche construction is so great that it should be regarded “ after natural selection , as a second major participant in evolution ” and that it is “ not just an important addition to evolutionary theory ” but “ requires a reformulation of evolutionary theory ” .
the authors ' major assertion is that the importance of niche construction is so great that it should be regarded “ after natural [choice] , as a second major participant in evolution ” and that it is “ not just an important addition to evolutionary theory ” but “ requires a reformulation of evolutionary theory ” .

The novelty here is that selection on one locus depends on the history of gene frequencies at the other , “ niche construction ” , locus .
the novelty here is that [choice] on one locus depends on the history of gene frequencies at the other , “ niche construction ” , locus .

Invoking the second law of thermodynamics and Maxwell 's Demon , the authors lead us through a challenging thesis that concludes that the persistence of life on earth requires both natural selection and niche construction , thereby justifying some of the bold claims for their new theory .
invoking the second law of thermodynamics and maxwell 's demon , the authors lead us through a challenging thesis that concludes that the persistence of life on earth requires both natural [choice] and niche construction , thereby justifying some of the bold claims for their new theory .

We think they are technically correct , but we are concerned that the demonstration of the inescapability of niche construction , as defined here , does not guarantee that it will actually tell us new and important things about the world , as the theory of natural selection has .
we think they are technically correct , but we are concerned that the demonstration of the inescapability of niche construction , as defined here , does not guarantee that it will actually tell us new and important things about the world , as the theory of natural [choice] has .

In particular , recent population genetic theory has brought to light some fairly general circumstances for which mutations that raise recombination rates would be favored by natural selection ( Barton 1995 ; Otto and Barton 1997 ; Otto and Barton 2001 ; Otto and Lenormand 2002 ) .
in particular , recent population genetic theory has brought to light some fairly general circumstances for which mutations that raise recombination rates would be favored by natural [choice] ( barton 1995 ; otto and barton 1997 ; otto and barton 2001 ; otto and lenormand 2002 ) .

The basic idea is that linkage disequilibrium can easily occur ( for many reasons ) between two ( or more ) polymorphic sites that are under selection .
the basic idea is that linkage disequilibrium can easily occur ( for many reasons ) between two ( or more ) polymorphic sites that are under [choice] .

When this occurs , an allele that raises the recombination rate ( and decreases the linkage disequilibrium ) can cause selection to act more efficiently .
when this occurs , an allele that raises the recombination rate ( and decreases the linkage disequilibrium ) can cause [choice] to act more efficiently .

If an allele that is under positive or negative selection always occurs with an allele at another locus that is also under selection ( i.e. , the two loci are in strong linkage disequilibrium ) , then selection can not act on one locus independently of the second locus .
if an allele that is under positive or negative [choice] always occurs with an allele at another locus that is also under [choice] ( i.e. , the two loci are in strong linkage disequilibrium ) , then [choice] can not act on one locus independently of the second locus .

As new , multilocus configurations of beneficial alleles are generated ( by recombination ) and increase in frequency by selection , the modifiers of recombination that caused the production of those beneficial configurations increase in frequency with them .
as new , multilocus configurations of beneficial alleles are generated ( by recombination ) and increase in frequency by [choice] , the modifiers of recombination that caused the production of those beneficial configurations increase in frequency with them .

A key piece of evidence supporting this kind of theory of the evolution of recombination is directional selection , like that which occurs in artificial selection experiments , which often generates a correlated elevation in recombination rates ( Otto and Lenormand 2002 ) .
a key piece of evidence supporting this kind of theory of the evolution of recombination is directional [choice] , like that which occurs in artificial [choice] experiments , which often generates a correlated elevation in recombination rates ( otto and lenormand 2002 ) .

Connecting these ideas about the evolution of recombination modifiers to the question of recombination hotspots , we come to the possibility that individual hotspots may have arisen as a byproduct of linkage disequilibrium between genes on either side of the hotspot that were under selection .
connecting these ideas about the evolution of recombination modifiers to the question of recombination hotspots , we come to the possibility that individual hotspots may have arisen as a byproduct of linkage disequilibrium between genes on either side of the hotspot that were under [choice] .

This situation would create a kind of selection pressure favoring recombinant haplotypes and thus also favoring those chromosomes that happen to have a high recombination rate between the selected genes .
this situation would create a kind of [choice] pressure favoring recombinant haplotypes and thus also favoring those chromosomes that happen to have a high recombination rate between the selected genes .

If true , then we might expect local recombination rates ( i.e. , hotspots and coldspots for recombination ) to fluctuate in location and intensity , in ways that would be hard to precisely predict without knowing what genes have been under selection and what patterns of linkage disequilibria there may have been .
if true , then we might expect local recombination rates ( i.e. , hotspots and coldspots for recombination ) to fluctuate in location and intensity , in ways that would be hard to precisely predict without knowing what genes have been under [choice] and what patterns of linkage disequilibria there may have been .

Functional Constraints on Recombination Hotspots As appealing as the recombination modifier theory of recombination hotspots may be , there is circumstantial evidence that argues against it and that suggests that recombination hotspots are not directly the byproduct of selection on alleles in linkage disequilibrium .
functional constraints on recombination hotspots as appealing as the recombination modifier theory of recombination hotspots may be , there is circumstantial evidence that argues against it and that suggests that recombination hotspots are not directly the byproduct of [choice] on alleles in linkage disequilibrium .

The selection of his major discipline , which would eventually be called visual neuroscience , may have been serendipity or choice .
the [choice] of his major discipline , which would eventually be called visual neuroscience , may have been serendipity or choice .

For natural selection to work , the costs of brain evolution must be outweighed by the advantages gained in terms of fitness .
for natural [choice] to work , the costs of brain evolution must be outweighed by the advantages gained in terms of fitness .

Because the FDA is made aware of all studies that the sponsor plans to use in support of the NDA before they are conducted , and thus before there can be any selection based on outcome , these reviews cover not only studies that are positive ( and more likely to be published in journals ) , but also studies whose outcome was negative or indeterminate .
because the fda is made aware of all studies that the sponsor plans to use in support of the nda before they are conducted , and thus before there can be any [choice] based on outcome , these reviews cover not only studies that are positive ( and more likely to be published in journals ) , but also studies whose outcome was negative or indeterminate .

As with traits in every other organism , many human and human-related characteristics have evolved via genetic drift and natural selection , and they provide an effective means of convincing readers of the reality and relevance of evolution .
as with traits in every other organism , many human and human-related characteristics have evolved via genetic drift and natural [choice] , and they provide an effective means of convincing readers of the reality and relevance of evolution .

For example , the absence of eyes in cavefish , rather than being the result of a degenerative process , might be the result of selection on genes that govern feeding morphology , a selection process that has included suppression of eye development ( Pennisi 2002 ) .
for example , the absence of eyes in cavefish , rather than being the result of a degenerative process , might be the result of [choice] on genes that govern feeding morphology , a [choice] process that has included suppression of eye development ( pennisi 2002 ) .

Although the key forces driving evolution are usually thought of as mutation , genetic drift , natural selection , and divergence , the developmental pathways from genes to phenotypes , along with associated developmental constraints , can also determine the rate and direction of evolution .
although the key forces driving evolution are usually thought of as mutation , genetic drift , natural [choice] , and divergence , the developmental pathways from genes to phenotypes , along with associated developmental constraints , can also determine the rate and direction of evolution .

For instance , complex adaptation might be fully explained by mutations and natural selection , but additional unknown mechanisms might be essential for the evolution of the complex traits .
for instance , complex adaptation might be fully explained by mutations and natural [choice] , but additional unknown mechanisms might be essential for the evolution of the complex traits .

For instance , The Blind Watchmaker by Richard Dawkins ( 1990 ) is a good introductory book for those interested in natural selection because it seems to be written mainly for individuals who either oppose or do not understand the role of natural selection .
for instance , the blind watchmaker by richard dawkins ( 1990 ) is a good introductory book for those interested in natural [choice] because it seems to be written mainly for individuals who either oppose or do not understand the role of natural [choice] .

In Japan , there seem to be few people who deny the facts of evolution , although there are many ideologically motivated books opposing natural selection and Darwinism .
in japan , there seem to be few people who deny the facts of evolution , although there are many ideologically motivated books opposing natural [choice] and darwinism .

Gavrilets reviews and adds to mathematical theories and simulation studies of speciation and related issues , such as fitness landscapes and selection in heterogeneous environments .
gavrilets reviews and adds to mathematical theories and simulation studies of speciation and related issues , such as fitness landscapes and [choice] in heterogeneous environments .

They emphasized the role of ecological selection as a driving force in speciation , largely by extrapolation from the primacy of selectionist thinking that developed during the Synthesis .
they emphasized the role of ecological [choice] as a driving force in speciation , largely by extrapolation from the primacy of selectionist thinking that developed during the synthesis .

They accepted that natural selection can reinforce prezygotic isolation ( i.e. , lack of mating or zygote formation ) between species and thereby reduce production of unfit hybrids , even if Mayr did not share Dobzhansky 's belief that this was the norm .
they accepted that natural [choice] can reinforce prezygotic isolation ( i.e. , lack of mating or zygote formation ) between species and thereby reduce production of unfit hybrids , even if mayr did not share dobzhansky 's belief that this was the norm .

Mayr combined selection with genetic drift in his theory of founder-effect speciation ( divergence in populations founded by just a few individuals ) , which became widely accepted .
mayr combined [choice] with genetic drift in his theory of founder-effect speciation ( divergence in populations founded by just a few individuals ) , which became widely accepted .

Detailed analysis of genetic architecture was decades away , and of course insights into selection and historical demography from DNA sequence data were a dim dream at best .
detailed analysis of genetic architecture was decades away , and of course insights into [choice] and historical demography from dna sequence data were a dim dream at best .

Regarding the mechanisms of speciation , evidence for the role of divergent ecological selection in allopatric speciation is sparse , because this crucial topic has been unaccountably neglected until recently .
regarding the mechanisms of speciation , evidence for the role of divergent ecological [choice] in allopatric speciation is sparse , because this crucial topic has been unaccountably neglected until recently .

Very different kinds of data , ranging from DNA sequences to correspondence between RI and ecological divergence , support natural selection , but there is hardly enough evidence , in my opinion , to support Coyne and Orr 's strong conclusion that “ at least one important debate has been settled : selection plays a much larger role in speciation than does drift ” ( p. 410 ) .
very different kinds of data , ranging from dna sequences to correspondence between ri and ecological divergence , support natural [choice] , but there is hardly enough evidence , in my opinion , to support coyne and orr 's strong conclusion that “ at least one important debate has been settled : [choice] plays a much larger role in speciation than does drift ” ( p. 410 ) .

Even more astonishing than the paucity of studies of the role of ecological selection in speciation is the fact that the likely role of sexual selection was not even recognized until almost 20 years after Mayr 's book .
even more astonishing than the paucity of studies of the role of ecological [choice] in speciation is the fact that the likely role of sexual [choice] was not even recognized until almost 20 years after mayr 's book .

I agree with Coyne and Orr that the theory and evidence for speciation by sexual selection is one of the most important advances in speciation studies , but it is important to recognize that the evidence consists mostly of correlations between diversification rates and indices of the likely strength of sexual selection ; as Coyne and Orr note , there are no cases in which we understand just how sexual selection has caused speciation .
i agree with coyne and orr that the theory and evidence for speciation by sexual [choice] is one of the most important advances in speciation studies , but it is important to recognize that the evidence consists mostly of correlations between diversification rates and indices of the likely strength of sexual [choice] ; as coyne and orr note , there are no cases in which we understand just how sexual [choice] has caused speciation .

Coyne and Orr remark that populations may diverge in male signals because of intrasexual selection ( competition among males ) , and that female mate preference may follow .
coyne and orr remark that populations may diverge in male signals because of intrasexual [choice] ( competition among males ) , and that female mate preference may follow .

Gavrilets analyzes founder-effect speciation ( which combines drift and selection ) , agrees with most other theoreticians ( e.g. , Barton and Charlesworth ) [ 6 ] that it is very improbable , and argues instead for his model of evolution on “ holey landscapes , ” whereby allopatric populations can evolve by genetic drift along ridges of roughly equal fitness to different , incompatible gene constitutions .
gavrilets analyzes founder-effect speciation ( which combines drift and [choice] ) , agrees with most other theoreticians ( e.g. , barton and charlesworth ) [ 6 ] that it is very improbable , and argues instead for his model of evolution on “ holey landscapes , ” whereby allopatric populations can evolve by genetic drift along ridges of roughly equal fitness to different , incompatible gene constitutions .

He admits that the time to speciation under this process will ordinarily be very long unless selection is involved .
he admits that the time to speciation under this process will ordinarily be very long unless [choice] is involved .

Coyne and Orr appear to adopt selection as the null hypothesis for speciation , whereas drift is generally taken as the null hypothesis in much of evolutionary genetics , for the simple reason that drift operates at all loci in all finite ( i.e. , real ) populations , whereas selection need not .
coyne and orr appear to adopt [choice] as the null hypothesis for speciation , whereas drift is generally taken as the null hypothesis in much of evolutionary genetics , for the simple reason that drift operates at all loci in all finite ( i.e. , real ) populations , whereas [choice] need not .

The burden of demonstrating that selection is not responsible for an evolutionary event ( i.e. , demonstrating a negative ) is , of course , far heavier than the burden of demonstrating selection ; indeed , Coyne and Orr do not address the difficult question of what would constitute evidence for drift .
the burden of demonstrating that [choice] is not responsible for an evolutionary event ( i.e. , demonstrating a negative ) is , of course , far heavier than the burden of demonstrating [choice] ; indeed , coyne and orr do not address the difficult question of what would constitute evidence for drift .

Having , perhaps , stacked the deck , Coyne and Orr find almost no evidence that drift has contributed to speciation in nature , but conclude that there is “ considerable evidence ” that selection has done so .
having , perhaps , stacked the deck , coyne and orr find almost no evidence that drift has contributed to speciation in nature , but conclude that there is “ considerable evidence ” that [choice] has done so .

It consists of only about eight studies of ecological selection , indications that diversification rates are associated with greater scope for sexual selection , selection signatures in a few genes that underlie genetic incompatibility , and a paucity of molecular evidence for bottlenecks ( i.e. , opportunities for founder events ) in the history of recently formed species .
it consists of only about eight studies of ecological [choice] , indications that diversification rates are associated with greater scope for sexual [choice] , [choice] signatures in a few genes that underlie genetic incompatibility , and a paucity of molecular evidence for bottlenecks ( i.e. , opportunities for founder events ) in the history of recently formed species .

The evidence on the role of sexual selection is very indirect , and the high levels of genetic variation revealed in molecular studies argue against past bottlenecks only if this is ancestral variation , rather than variation generated anew since a possible bottleneck—a question that has been addressed in only a few cases .
the evidence on the role of sexual [choice] is very indirect , and the high levels of genetic variation revealed in molecular studies argue against past bottlenecks only if this is ancestral variation , rather than variation generated anew since a possible bottleneck—a question that has been addressed in only a few cases .

The ubiquitination of proteins is regulated through precise selection of protein substrates by specific E3 ubiquitin ligases ( Pickart 2001 ) .
the ubiquitination of proteins is regulated through precise [choice] of protein substrates by specific e3 ubiquitin ligases ( pickart 2001 ) .

Reinforcement , a concept popularized by Dobzhansky ( 1937 ) , is a process by which speciation , a macroevolutionary process , can be driven directly by natural selection , one of the primary microevolutionary forces .
reinforcement , a concept popularized by dobzhansky ( 1937 ) , is a process by which speciation , a macroevolutionary process , can be driven directly by natural [choice] , one of the primary microevolutionary forces .

This process , the evolution of premating isolation after secondary contact due to selection against hybrids , is reinforcement sensu Dobzhansky ( 1937 ) .
this process , the evolution of premating isolation after secondary contact due to [choice] against hybrids , is reinforcement sensu dobzhansky ( 1937 ) .

Recent authors have broadened the definition of reinforcement to include as a driving force any form of selection against mating between populations ( e.g. , Servedio and Noor 2003 ) .
recent authors have broadened the definition of reinforcement to include as a driving force any form of [choice] against mating between populations ( e.g. , servedio and noor 2003 ) .

In all definitions , however , the microevolutionary process of selection is essential for reinforcement .
in all definitions , however , the microevolutionary process of [choice] is essential for reinforcement .

In fact , in reinforcement , speciation itself can be thought of as an adaptive response to selection .
in fact , in reinforcement , speciation itself can be thought of as an adaptive response to [choice] .

In sympatric areas , populations are capable of producing hybrids , which drives reinforcement , while in allopatry hybrid production , and hence the selection for reinforcement , is absent .
in sympatric areas , populations are capable of producing hybrids , which drives reinforcement , while in allopatry hybrid production , and hence the [choice] for reinforcement , is absent .

Theoretical studies , using mathematical models and computer simulations , are proving useful in pinpointing the effects of many factors such as migration rates and patterns , the type of selection against interspecific mating , and the genetic basis of premating isolation ( reviews in Turelli et al .
theoretical studies , using mathematical models and computer simulations , are proving useful in pinpointing the effects of many factors such as migration rates and patterns , the type of [choice] against interspecific mating , and the genetic basis of premating isolation ( reviews in turelli et al .

Both theoretical studies and these well developed empirical systems are also starting to address a third important area of research : how reinforcement interacts with other forces , such as ecological selection pressures , that promote speciation ( e.g. , Servedio 2004 ; Nosil et al .
both theoretical studies and these well developed empirical systems are also starting to address a third important area of research : how reinforcement interacts with other forces , such as ecological [choice] pressures , that promote speciation ( e.g. , servedio 2004 ; nosil et al .

Knowledge gained about this relationship is not only directly applicable to the very similar process of sympatric speciation , but can also tell us a great deal about speciation caused by ecological adaptation and sexual selection , which are critical components of reinforcement in many systems ( e.g. , Nosil et al .
knowledge gained about this relationship is not only directly applicable to the very similar process of sympatric speciation , but can also tell us a great deal about speciation caused by ecological adaptation and sexual [choice] , which are critical components of reinforcement in many systems ( e.g. , nosil et al .

Standardization , i.e. , the selection of one or more reference genes , is of proven value in the microbial community and in stimulating large-scale phylogenetic analyses , but whether “ one gene fits all ” is open to debate .
standardization , i.e. , the [choice] of one or more reference genes , is of proven value in the microbial community and in stimulating large-scale phylogenetic analyses , but whether “ one gene fits all ” is open to debate .

Potential limitations of using mtDNA to infer species boundaries include retention of ancestral polymorphism , male-biased gene flow , selection on any mtDNA nucleotide ( as the whole genome is one linkage group ) , introgression following hybridization , and paralogy resulting from transfer of mtDNA gene copies to the nucleus .
potential limitations of using mtdna to infer species boundaries include retention of ancestral polymorphism , male-biased gene flow , [choice] on any mtdna nucleotide ( as the whole genome is one linkage group ) , introgression following hybridization , and paralogy resulting from transfer of mtdna gene copies to the nucleus .

An additional problem with focusing on mtDNA ( or any other molecular ) divergence as a primary criterion for recognizing species is that it will lead us to overlook new or rapidly diverged species , such as might arise through divergent selection or polyploidy , and thus to conclude that speciation requires long-term isolation .
an additional problem with focusing on mtdna ( or any other molecular ) divergence as a primary criterion for recognizing species is that it will lead us to overlook new or rapidly diverged species , such as might arise through divergent [choice] or polyploidy , and thus to conclude that speciation requires long-term isolation .

The methodological approach developed for the study will also be of value for researchers undertaking other studies of dementia incidence , and in other chronic disease studies involving a two-phase selection process .
the methodological approach developed for the study will also be of value for researchers undertaking other studies of dementia incidence , and in other chronic disease studies involving a two-phase [choice] process .

Male-killer parasites such as Wolbachia , a parasite of arthropods , show the selection pressure that intracellular passengers can exert ( see also the primer by Wernegreen in the March issue of PLoS Biology ) .
male-killer parasites such as wolbachia , a parasite of arthropods , show the [choice] pressure that intracellular passengers can exert ( see also the primer by wernegreen in the march issue of plos biology ) .

Since individuals are freed from the need to police their organelles or keep out parasites , selection favors the widest assortment of possible mates , and thus the evolution of a large number of mating types so that one 's own type—which one ca n't mate with—is a small subset of the population .
since individuals are freed from the need to police their organelles or keep out parasites , [choice] favors the widest assortment of possible mates , and thus the evolution of a large number of mating types so that one 's own type—which one ca n't mate with—is a small subset of the population .

Separating the worker and reproductive castes by genetics—other social insects do this by environment , that is , by rearing workers and reproductives differently—may allow selection to operate more efficiently on each lineage , and the workers may benefit from hybrid vigor : field researchers report them as being highly aggressive .
separating the worker and reproductive castes by genetics—other social insects do this by environment , that is , by rearing workers and reproductives differently—may allow [choice] to operate more efficiently on each lineage , and the workers may benefit from hybrid vigor : field researchers report them as being highly aggressive .

During the relatively brief period of relaxed selection following gene duplication , a new , advantageous allele may arise as a result of one of the gene copies gaining a new function ( neofunctionalization ) .
during the relatively brief period of relaxed [choice] following gene duplication , a new , advantageous allele may arise as a result of one of the gene copies gaining a new function ( neofunctionalization ) .

This burst of selection is necessarily episodic—once a new function is attained by one of the duplicates , selective constraints on this gene are reasserted .
this burst of [choice] is necessarily episodic—once a new function is attained by one of the duplicates , selective constraints on this gene are reasserted .

These patterns of selection can be observed in real data : most recently duplicated gene pairs in the human genome have diverged at different rates from their ancestral amino-acid sequence ( Zhang et al .
these patterns of [choice] can be observed in real data : most recently duplicated gene pairs in the human genome have diverged at different rates from their ancestral amino-acid sequence ( zhang et al .

For those interested in patterns of selection following duplication , the transient nature of the evolutionary window of opportunity following duplication will focus attention on recently duplicated genes .
for those interested in patterns of [choice] following duplication , the transient nature of the evolutionary window of opportunity following duplication will focus attention on recently duplicated genes .

For accelerated malaria-specific immunity to be relevant to HbAS selection it would have to operate within a period of maximum risk for severe and fatal malaria .
for accelerated malaria-specific immunity to be relevant to hbas [choice] it would have to operate within a period of maximum risk for severe and fatal malaria .

Clearly , such a mechanism would have important evolutionary consequences ; because natural selection acts upon phenotypic variation within a population , canalization first appears to reduce the evolvability of the trait upon which it is acting ( Gibson and Wagner 2000 ) .
clearly , such a mechanism would have important evolutionary consequences ; because natural [choice] acts upon phenotypic variation within a population , canalization first appears to reduce the evolvability of the trait upon which it is acting ( gibson and wagner 2000 ) .

If canalization breaks down due to genetic or environmental circumstances , then the stored genetic variation will be released , providing an additional substrate for natural selection .
if canalization breaks down due to genetic or environmental circumstances , then the stored genetic variation will be released , providing an additional substrate for natural [choice] .

Thus , the ‘ knockout ’ mutations were clearly beneficial because they sped up adaptation to a new phenotypic optimum by releasing hidden genetic variation , thereby providing a new substrate upon which natural selection may act .
thus , the ‘ knockout ’ mutations were clearly beneficial because they sped up adaptation to a new phenotypic optimum by releasing hidden genetic variation , thereby providing a new substrate upon which natural [choice] may act .

It is possible that ion channels could canalize the evolution of the nervous system by reducing behavioural variation and therefore removing the substrate on which natural selection may act .
it is possible that ion channels could canalize the evolution of the nervous system by reducing behavioural variation and therefore removing the substrate on which natural [choice] may act .

We calculate that under these conditions a single undifferentiated hESC yields an average of one CD73+ cell at day 40 of differentiation , suggesting a balance between cell proliferation and cell selection .
we calculate that under these conditions a single undifferentiated hesc yields an average of one cd73+ cell at day 40 of differentiation , suggesting a balance between cell proliferation and cell [choice] .

Another recent report from within the industry draws on public opinion survey data to guide drug company marketers on the selection and ‘ effective use ’ of celebrity spokespersons [ 4 ] .
another recent report from within the industry draws on public opinion survey data to guide drug company marketers on the [choice] and ‘ effective use ’ of celebrity spokespersons [ 4 ] .

At the present time , we urge a focus on the selection of only those patients for whom this procedure offers the greatest likelihood of benefit .
at the present time , we urge a focus on the [choice] of only those patients for whom this procedure offers the greatest likelihood of benefit .

Assessing the changes in CD4+ and CD8+ T cell functions over time as well as viral evolution under immune selection pressure will be important to evaluate immune correlates in this cohort .
assessing the changes in cd4+ and cd8+ t cell functions over time as well as viral evolution under immune [choice] pressure will be important to evaluate immune correlates in this cohort .

Detection of MMP12 by Western Blotting , and Real-Time PCR Peripheral blood mononuclear cells and lung macrophages were isolated by positive selection using immunomagnetic beads conjugated with anti-CD14 , and cultured in serum-free medium ( RPMI , L-glutamine , and Pen/Strep ) prior to overnight stimulation with 0 , 50 , 250 , or 500 ng/ml of IFN-γ , IL-4 , MIG , I-TAC , and IP-10 .
detection of mmp12 by western blotting , and real-time pcr peripheral blood mononuclear cells and lung macrophages were isolated by positive [choice] using immunomagnetic beads conjugated with anti-cd14 , and cultured in serum-free medium ( rpmi , l-glutamine , and pen/strep ) prior to overnight stimulation with 0 , 50 , 250 , or 500 ng/ml of ifn-γ , il-4 , mig , i-tac , and ip-10 .

The reasons for non-use included fear of losing sexual pleasure , embarrassment over buying condoms , and a belief that careful selection of partners offers sufficient protection [ 27 ] .
the reasons for non-use included fear of losing sexual pleasure , embarrassment over buying condoms , and a belief that careful [choice] of partners offers sufficient protection [ 27 ] .

A lymphocyte selection algorithm was then applied .
a lymphocyte [choice] algorithm was then applied .

Object selection was refined by a lymphocyte profile ( defined by size , aspect ratio , and uniformity ) ; objects not fitting the profile were not counted .
object [choice] was refined by a lymphocyte profile ( defined by size , aspect ratio , and uniformity ) ; objects not fitting the profile were not counted .

Lichtenstein 's cartoon style of representation can be seen as an ironic commentary on the elitism of art , implying that art is merely a selection from the endless variety of images that bombard us .
lichtenstein 's cartoon style of representation can be seen as an ironic commentary on the elitism of art , implying that art is merely a [choice] from the endless variety of images that bombard us .

Importantly , these clones were generated directly ex vivo through tetramer-guided sorting , which minimizes the selection bias that could be introduced by prior in vitro expansion .
importantly , these clones were generated directly ex vivo through tetramer-guided sorting , which minimizes the [choice] bias that could be introduced by prior in vitro expansion .

A simpler definition is that life is a material system that undergoes reproduction , mutation , and natural selection ( McKay 1991 ) .
a simpler definition is that life is a material system that undergoes reproduction , mutation , and natural [choice] ( mckay 1991 ) .

Pace ( 2001 ) has argued that alien biochemistry will turn out to be the same as biochemistry on Earth , because there is one best way to do things and that natural selection will ensure that life everywhere discovers that way .
pace ( 2001 ) has argued that alien biochemistry will turn out to be the same as biochemistry on earth , because there is one best way to do things and that natural [choice] will ensure that life everywhere discovers that way .

General arguments of thermodynamic efficiency and specificity of enzymatic reactions suggest that this selectivity is required for biological function and is a general result of natural selection .
general arguments of thermodynamic efficiency and specificity of enzymatic reactions suggest that this selectivity is required for biological function and is a general result of natural [choice] .

At the very least authors should have a protocol with a prespecified plan for patient selection and statistical analysis—accepted practice for clinical trials , but not yet for other medical research .
at the very least authors should have a protocol with a prespecified plan for patient [choice] and statistical analysis—accepted practice for clinical trials , but not yet for other medical research .

The process of domestication dramatically changed the performance and genetic architecture of the ancestral species through the process of hybridization and selection as originally described by Charles Darwin ( 1859 ) .
the process of domestication dramatically changed the performance and genetic architecture of the ancestral species through the process of hybridization and [choice] as originally described by charles darwin ( 1859 ) .

From a breeding perspective , this provides the basis for selection so that individuals containing the best features of both parents can be identified and further bred .
from a breeding perspective , this provides the basis for [choice] so that individuals containing the best features of both parents can be identified and further bred .

The concept of natural selection presupposed that species were comprised of genetically variable individuals such that selection could act on them .
the concept of natural [choice] presupposed that species were comprised of genetically variable individuals such that [choice] could act on them .

These phenotypes may occur in nature but they will frequently be eliminated by natural selection before they are fixed in a population .
these phenotypes may occur in nature but they will frequently be eliminated by natural [choice] before they are fixed in a population .

Because of human selection , cultivars may exemplify a range of exaggerated phenotypic attributes that give them the appearance of being , on the whole , more diverse than some of the wild populations from which they were derived , but in truth , domestication usually represents a kind of genetic bottleneck .
because of human [choice] , cultivars may exemplify a range of exaggerated phenotypic attributes that give them the appearance of being , on the whole , more diverse than some of the wild populations from which they were derived , but in truth , domestication usually represents a kind of genetic bottleneck .

The fact that natural selection has acted on such populations over the course of evolution makes them particularly valuable as materials for breeders .
the fact that natural [choice] has acted on such populations over the course of evolution makes them particularly valuable as materials for breeders .

The value added by imposing a low intensity of human selection on the early landraces resides in the fact that some of these early varieties represent accumulations of alleles that produce phenotypes particularly favorable or attractive to the human eye , nose , palette , or other appetites .
the value added by imposing a low intensity of human [choice] on the early landraces resides in the fact that some of these early varieties represent accumulations of alleles that produce phenotypes particularly favorable or attractive to the human eye , nose , palette , or other appetites .

If we keep our options open and learn to better utilize the reservoirs of natural variation that have been preserved in our gene banks and in the few remaining in situ populations of wild species and landrace varieties , an almost infinite array of novelty can be achieved using traditional , time-proven practices involving crossing and selection of genes that have withstood the test of evolutionary time ( Burbank 1914 ; Hawkes 1958 ; Rick 1967 ; Harlan 1975 , 1976 ; Peloquin 1983 ) .
if we keep our options open and learn to better utilize the reservoirs of natural variation that have been preserved in our gene banks and in the few remaining in situ populations of wild species and landrace varieties , an almost infinite array of novelty can be achieved using traditional , time-proven practices involving crossing and [choice] of genes that have withstood the test of evolutionary time ( burbank 1914 ; hawkes 1958 ; rick 1967 ; harlan 1975 , 1976 ; peloquin 1983 ) .

A common theme is substantial gene loss , or genome streamlining , which is thought to reflect an underlying deletion bias in bacterial genomes combined with reduced strength or efficacy of selection to maintain genes in the host cellular environment .
a common theme is substantial gene loss , or genome streamlining , which is thought to reflect an underlying deletion bias in bacterial genomes combined with reduced strength or efficacy of [choice] to maintain genes in the host cellular environment .

These ‘ large steps ’ imply that genome reduction involved some random chance ( due to the location of genes in the ancestral chromosome ) and selection acting on the combined fitness of large sets of genes , rather than the fitness of individual loci .
these ‘ large steps ’ imply that genome reduction involved some random chance ( due to the location of genes in the ancestral chromosome ) and [choice] acting on the combined fitness of large sets of genes , rather than the fitness of individual loci .

Like other parasites , but unlike long-term mutualists , Wolbachia may experience strong selection for phenotypic variation , for example , to counter improved host defenses , to compete with distinct Wolbachia strains that coinfect the same host , or to increase its transmission to new host backgrounds .
like other parasites , but unlike long-term mutualists , wolbachia may experience strong [choice] for phenotypic variation , for example , to counter improved host defenses , to compete with distinct wolbachia strains that coinfect the same host , or to increase its transmission to new host backgrounds .

For example , the spread of Wolbachia in a spider mite population caused selection on host nuclear genes that decrease the symbiont-induced sex ratio bias ( Noda et al .
for example , the spread of wolbachia in a spider mite population caused [choice] on host nuclear genes that decrease the symbiont-induced sex ratio bias ( noda et al .

Models indicate that the fixation rate for symbiont-beneficial ( selfish ) mutations increase with the number of symbionts transmitted , reflecting greater efficacy of selection among bacteria within a given host ( Rispe and Moran 2000 ) .
models indicate that the fixation rate for symbiont-beneficial ( selfish ) mutations increase with the number of symbionts transmitted , reflecting greater efficacy of [choice] among bacteria within a given host ( rispe and moran 2000 ) .

These tools have shed light on the roles of recombination , selection , and mutation on endosymbiont genome evolution and have highlighted parameters that shape the outcome of genetic conflicts between hosts and symbionts .
these tools have shed light on the roles of recombination , [choice] , and mutation on endosymbiont genome evolution and have highlighted parameters that shape the outcome of genetic conflicts between hosts and symbionts .

Consequently , there is often strong selection pressure for highly specific communication channels that can advertise the presence of their flowers to effective pollinators but not to other individuals .
consequently , there is often strong [choice] pressure for highly specific communication channels that can advertise the presence of their flowers to effective pollinators but not to other individuals .

When different animals , either from the same or different species , are forced to share some resources , any degree of specialization tends to result in habitat selection ( Rosenzweig 1981 ) .
when different animals , either from the same or different species , are forced to share some resources , any degree of specialization tends to result in habitat [choice] ( rosenzweig 1981 ) .

In 1992 , Possingham , developed a ‘ habitat selection ’ model that showed how two nectar-feeding pollinator species , which differed in their foraging efficiency , would forage on two types of flowers .
in 1992 , possingham , developed a ‘ habitat [choice] ’ model that showed how two nectar-feeding pollinator species , which differed in their foraging efficiency , would forage on two types of flowers .

Orange flowers , being more efficiently pollinated by birds , will therefore have higher fitness than yellow flowers , and given enough time , there will be selection for bird flowers to become orange .
orange flowers , being more efficiently pollinated by birds , will therefore have higher fitness than yellow flowers , and given enough time , there will be [choice] for bird flowers to become orange .

These core laboratories include computational support for drug discovery and chemical library selection , X-ray crystallography , drug metabolism and toxicology facilities , animal models of parasitic diseases , high-throughput screening , and synthetic chemistry .
these core laboratories include computational support for drug discovery and chemical library [choice] , x-ray crystallography , drug metabolism and toxicology facilities , animal models of parasitic diseases , high-throughput screening , and synthetic chemistry .

At the molecular level , this cycle of environmental change and evolutionary response means that mutations are continually being tried out by natural selection .
at the molecular level , this cycle of environmental change and evolutionary response means that mutations are continually being tried out by natural [choice] .

It is therefore little wonder that the host and pathogen genes that control infection and immunity frequently show high levels of genetic diversity and present some of the best examples of positive selection ( adaptive evolution ) reported to date ( Yang and Bielawski 2000 ) .
it is therefore little wonder that the host and pathogen genes that control infection and immunity frequently show high levels of genetic diversity and present some of the best examples of positive [choice] ( adaptive evolution ) reported to date ( yang and bielawski 2000 ) .

At the host level , most studies of the selection pressures acting on immune system genes have concentrated on genes implicated in the adaptive immune response against microbial pathogens , particularly those producing antibodies ( Sitnikova and Nei 1998 ; Sumiyama et al .
at the host level , most studies of the [choice] pressures acting on immune system genes have concentrated on genes implicated in the adaptive immune response against microbial pathogens , particularly those producing antibodies ( sitnikova and nei 1998 ; sumiyama et al .

As microbial pathogens such as viruses are both abundant and rapidly evolving , positive selection on components of the adaptive immune response is often very strong ( Yeager and Hughes 1999 ) .
as microbial pathogens such as viruses are both abundant and rapidly evolving , positive [choice] on components of the adaptive immune response is often very strong ( yeager and hughes 1999 ) .

Would we expect the same strength of positive selection on a generalized pathogen control system ?
would we expect the same strength of positive [choice] on a generalized pathogen control system ?

Sequence analyses of defensins and similar antimicrobial peptides have revealed the telltale signatures of positive selection , with d N greater than d S in many comparisons ( Hughes 1999 ; Duda et al .
sequence analyses of defensins and similar antimicrobial peptides have revealed the telltale signatures of positive [choice] , with d n greater than d s in many comparisons ( hughes 1999 ; duda et al .

Other genes of the innate immune system also seem to be subject to powerful positive selection .
other genes of the innate immune system also seem to be subject to powerful positive [choice] .

Furthermore , because positive selection on APOBEC3G has operated for at least 30 million years and lentiviruses in general , and HIV in particular , are likely to be more recently evolved than this , it is clear that a broad range of retroviral pathogens have been responsible for the adaptive evolution of this particular immune gene ( Sawyer et al .
furthermore , because positive [choice] on apobec3g has operated for at least 30 million years and lentiviruses in general , and hiv in particular , are likely to be more recently evolved than this , it is clear that a broad range of retroviral pathogens have been responsible for the adaptive evolution of this particular immune gene ( sawyer et al .

There is still much debate about the selection pressures that led to the evolution of language .
there is still much debate about the [choice] pressures that led to the evolution of language .

Interestingly , Steven Pinker rules out both Dunbar 's theory of grooming and Geoffrey Miller 's theory of sexual selection , whereas Bickerton rules out grooming , gossip , mating contract , and Machiavellian intelligence as likely contexts for the origin of human language .
interestingly , steven pinker rules out both dunbar 's theory of grooming and geoffrey miller 's theory of sexual [choice] , whereas bickerton rules out grooming , gossip , mating contract , and machiavellian intelligence as likely contexts for the origin of human language .

If a laboratory system were developed that could translate amplifiable information carriers such as DNA into arbitrary synthetic molecules , the evolution of synthetic molecules using iterated cycles of translation , selection , amplification , and diversification would be possible .
if a laboratory system were developed that could translate amplifiable information carriers such as dna into arbitrary synthetic molecules , the evolution of synthetic molecules using iterated cycles of translation , [choice] , amplification , and diversification would be possible .

As a result , a complete cycle of translation , selection , and amplification can be applied to the discovery of synthetic molecules in a manner that is analogous to the processes that take place during biological evolution .
as a result , a complete cycle of translation , [choice] , and amplification can be applied to the discovery of synthetic molecules in a manner that is analogous to the processes that take place during biological evolution .

The completed library of peptide–DNA conjugates was then subjected to in vitro selection based on the ability to bind an antibody with known affinity for the [ Leu ] enkephalin pentapeptide Tyr-Gly-Gly-Phe-Leu .
the completed library of peptide–dna conjugates was then subjected to in vitro [choice] based on the ability to bind an antibody with known affinity for the [ leu ] enkephalin pentapeptide tyr-gly-gly-phe-leu .

After two rounds of routing , synthesis , and selection , followed by DNA sequencing , the remaining oligonucleotides predominantly encoded the Tyr-Gly-Gly-Phe-Leu sequence or close variants thereof .
after two rounds of routing , synthesis , and [choice] , followed by dna sequencing , the remaining oligonucleotides predominantly encoded the tyr-gly-gly-phe-leu sequence or close variants thereof .

This result demonstrates that the DNA display method is capable of facilitating the discovery of functional molecules by enabling in vitro selection methods to be applied to molecules generated by split-and-pool combinatorial synthesis .
this result demonstrates that the dna display method is capable of facilitating the discovery of functional molecules by enabling in vitro [choice] methods to be applied to molecules generated by split-and-pool combinatorial synthesis .

However , because so few copies of a DNA-linked synthetic molecule are required for in vitro selection ( Doyon et al .
however , because so few copies of a dna-linked synthetic molecule are required for in vitro [choice] ( doyon et al .

It also provides the city , state and nation with a unique educational resource for garden design , plant material selection and plant husbandry ( especially for those in the Zone 5 growing region ) .
it also provides the city , state and nation with a unique educational resource for garden design , plant material [choice] and plant husbandry ( especially for those in the zone 5 growing region ) .

Here 's Thomas Friedman of the New York Times , running up with a selection of nice , dry , leather bullwhips ) .
here 's thomas friedman of the new york times , running up with a [choice] of nice , dry , leather bullwhips ) .

I think the real challenge for a currently employed middle-class professional today would be to spend a year living entirely outside the Internet : no e-mail , no eToys or E*Trade or Amazon , no MP3s or game demos , no online banking or selection of benefits through the company intranet , not to mention , of course , no Slate .
i think the real challenge for a currently employed middle-class professional today would be to spend a year living entirely outside the internet : no e-mail , no etoys or e*trade or amazon , no mp3s or game demos , no online banking or [choice] of benefits through the company intranet , not to mention , of course , no slate .

When you visit a site on DeathNET , you can choose from a selection of somber background music `` [ t ] o enhance your experience . ''
when you visit a site on deathnet , you can choose from a [choice] of somber background music `` [ t ] o enhance your experience . ''

The NYT and the WP both run stories on the Judiciary Committee witness selection .
the nyt and the wp both run stories on the judiciary committee witness [choice] .

The issue -- whether diversity should be a selection criterion in public schools -- has not been directly addressed by the Supreme Court , even as desegregation orders are lifted in many areas across the U.S .
the issue -- whether diversity should be a [choice] criterion in public schools -- has not been directly addressed by the supreme court , even as desegregation orders are lifted in many areas across the u.s .

Sunday 's NYT sports section ran , under the headline `` You Must Remember This , '' a selection of the 20th century 's signal sports events .
sunday 's nyt sports section ran , under the headline `` you must remember this , '' a [choice] of the 20th century 's signal sports events .

Tripp had primary responsibility for the paperwork involved in the selection process , for making travel and hotel arrangements , as well as for other logistic odds and ends such as the week 's kick-off banquet .
tripp had primary responsibility for the paperwork involved in the [choice] process , for making travel and hotel arrangements , as well as for other logistic odds and ends such as the week 's kick-off banquet .

Cynics , noting that officials in Nagano , Japan , ( which hosted the 1998 Winter games ) have already burned their documents , predict the expanding investigation will show that corruption has permeated Olympics site selection for years .
cynics , noting that officials in nagano , japan , ( which hosted the 1998 winter games ) have already burned their documents , predict the expanding investigation will show that corruption has permeated olympics site [choice] for years .

You can then print the selection ( an option on the Word Print menu ) .
you can then print the [choice] ( an option on the word print menu ) .

The FT said , `` Selection by a panel appointed by the judiciary would be an option . ''
the ft said , `` [choice] by a panel appointed by the judiciary would be an option . ''

Unanimous praise for this selection of Heaney 's poems , which `` eloquently confirms his status as the most skilful and profound poet writing in English today '' ( Edward Mendelson , the New York Times Book Review ) .
unanimous praise for this [choice] of heaney 's poems , which `` eloquently confirms his status as the most skilful and profound poet writing in english today '' ( edward mendelson , the new york times book review ) .

The book includes excerpts from his translation of Sophocles and his Nobel lecture , but more important , it features a wide selection of his poems , charting his progress from unknown to Nobel laureate .
the book includes excerpts from his translation of sophocles and his nobel lecture , but more important , it features a wide [choice] of his poems , charting his progress from unknown to nobel laureate .

Critics applaud the selection of the absurdist Italian playwright , even while calling him the `` most obscure Nobel winner '' in years ( David Streitfeld , the Washington Post ) .
critics applaud the [choice] of the absurdist italian playwright , even while calling him the `` most obscure nobel winner '' in years ( david streitfeld , the washington post ) .

In a 660-page tome , the MIT psycholinguist popularizes a controversial theory of evolutionary psychology : that the brain is like a computer program that has been shaped by natural selection .
in a 660-page tome , the mit psycholinguist popularizes a controversial theory of evolutionary psychology : that the brain is like a computer program that has been shaped by natural [choice] .

In any case , when it comes to the CEO market in particular , it 's difficult to decide what constitutes `` rationality '' because the selection process is so personalized and because the criteria for what constitutes a great CEO are so ill-defined .
in any case , when it comes to the ceo market in particular , it 's difficult to decide what constitutes `` rationality '' because the [choice] process is so personalized and because the criteria for what constitutes a great ceo are so ill-defined .

To wit , a selection of some of the forum 's liveliest threads .
to wit , a [choice] of some of the forum 's liveliest threads .

To wit , a selection of last week 's hottest topics .
to wit , a [choice] of last week 's hottest topics .

Perhaps way , way back in human history , when our forebears were still fleeing saber-toothed tigers , natural selection for athletic prowess came into play .
perhaps way , way back in human history , when our forebears were still fleeing saber-toothed tigers , natural [choice] for athletic prowess came into play .

Indeed , the laws of natural selection probably work against athletes these days : Given the rigors of training schedules , it is possible that today 's top athletes have fewer children than average .
indeed , the laws of natural [choice] probably work against athletes these days : given the rigors of training schedules , it is possible that today 's top athletes have fewer children than average .

This does not require natural selection ; it is the accidental byproduct of combining two previously isolated stocks .
this does not require natural [choice] ; it is the accidental byproduct of combining two previously isolated stocks .

Generations of careful genetic selection have ensured that today 's race horse has every possible speed-enhancing characteristic .
generations of careful genetic [choice] have ensured that today 's race horse has every possible speed-enhancing characteristic .

Some papers pointed out the essential contradiction between Yeltsin 's repeated protestations about his commitment to democracy and his selection of a `` successor '' with little chance of legitimately winning a presidential election .
some papers pointed out the essential contradiction between yeltsin 's repeated protestations about his commitment to democracy and his [choice] of a `` successor '' with little chance of legitimately winning a presidential election .

Is it natural selection or intelligent design ?
is it natural [choice] or intelligent design ?

An editorial in Thursday 's Japan Times speculates that `` pique seems to have figured prominently '' in the selection this weekend of Turin , Italy , as the site of the 2006 Winter Olympic Games .
an editorial in thursday 's japan times speculates that `` pique seems to have figured prominently '' in the [choice] this weekend of turin , italy , as the site of the 2006 winter olympic games .

Instead , a 15-member selection panel narrows the field of possible venues to two final contenders , with the final selection being made by the IOC .
instead , a 15-member [choice] panel narrows the field of possible venues to two final contenders , with the final [choice] being made by the ioc .

Because your letter indicates that all you girls have the same views about the expense , one of you should speak to the bride on behalf of all the bridesmaids and say that her selection is a little steep for everyone and perhaps her dad might pay for half .
because your letter indicates that all you girls have the same views about the expense , one of you should speak to the bride on behalf of all the bridesmaids and say that her [choice] is a little steep for everyone and perhaps her dad might pay for half .

The cover story predicts excitement from the 2000 presidential race , if not from the selection of the candidates then from their stances on the economy , Medicare , and Social Security .
the cover story predicts excitement from the 2000 presidential race , if not from the [choice] of the candidates then from their stances on the economy , medicare , and social security .

Our technological improvements have dramatically slowed natural selection .
our technological improvements have dramatically slowed natural [choice] .

The first challenge will be over her selection as leader of the Congress Party in Parliament , the paper said .
the first challenge will be over her [choice] as leader of the congress party in parliament , the paper said .

Reporters and editors decide what hypotheses are newsworthy and likely to evoke interest in their readers and , for the same reasons discussed in Landsburg 's article , this selection criteria are not especially effective at selecting the true scientific hypothesis .
reporters and editors decide what hypotheses are newsworthy and likely to evoke interest in their readers and , for the same reasons discussed in landsburg 's article , this [choice] criteria are not especially effective at selecting the true scientific hypothesis .

Daily delivery of `` Today 's Papers , '' plus a selection from `` International Papers , '' `` The Week/The Spin , '' and `` In Other Magazines . ''
daily delivery of `` today 's papers , '' plus a [choice] from `` international papers , '' `` the week/the spin , '' and `` in other magazines . ''

The International Herald Tribune maintains that the selection was a deliberate effort to ensure that Singapore 's head of state would come from one of its non-Chinese minorities .
the international herald tribune maintains that the [choice] was a deliberate effort to ensure that singapore 's head of state would come from one of its non-chinese minorities .

Which is hanging a lot on the poor old theory of natural selection .
which is hanging a lot on the poor old theory of natural [choice] .

Laibson-style preferences lead to visible attempts at self-control , and visible attempts at self-control are reassuring to potential mates , hence favored by natural selection .
laibson-style preferences lead to visible attempts at self-control , and visible attempts at self-control are reassuring to potential mates , hence favored by natural [choice] .

Sign up for a complimentary subscription to choose from our selection of premium e-mail delivery services .
sign up for a complimentary subscription to choose from our [choice] of premium e-mail delivery services .

I try to let her down gently , suggesting that while of course they surely stock the basic tofu products in , say , Silt , Colo. , they might not have the selection she has come to expect .
i try to let her down gently , suggesting that while of course they surely stock the basic tofu products in , say , silt , colo. , they might not have the [choice] she has come to expect .

On his site , he writes , `` 'Natural Selection ' is choosing genes that are healthy and beautiful . ''
on his site , he writes , `` 'natural [choice] ' is choosing genes that are healthy and beautiful . ''

Second , Faludi 's interviews with an unusual selection of men are masterful gems , each one cut and shaped by profound empathy , vivid observation , and keen listening .
second , faludi 's interviews with an unusual [choice] of men are masterful gems , each one cut and shaped by profound empathy , vivid observation , and keen listening .

If you are going to pick a few cases to illustrate the larger whole , then you have to have some pretty compelling and well-articulated reasoning for their selection .
if you are going to pick a few cases to illustrate the larger whole , then you have to have some pretty compelling and well-articulated reasoning for their [choice] .

The Swedish Academy 's defense of their selection echoes the conventional wisdom on The Tin Drum for the past 40 years : that it made German literature plausible after the Holocaust had made it impossible .
the swedish academy 's defense of their [choice] echoes the conventional wisdom on the tin drum for the past 40 years : that it made german literature plausible after the holocaust had made it impossible .

I 'll keep reading , but no longer will I assume that SLATE will always exercise good ( or even average ) editorial judgment in its selection of features .
i 'll keep reading , but no longer will i assume that slate will always exercise good ( or even average ) editorial judgment in its [choice] of features .

Volokh 's analysis of filters , together with his mandatory-labeling suggestion , also shows a lack of awareness of the labeling infrastructure that software vendors and the rest of the network industry are increasingly accepting as a standard -- the Platform for Internet Content Selection .
volokh 's analysis of filters , together with his mandatory-labeling suggestion , also shows a lack of awareness of the labeling infrastructure that software vendors and the rest of the network industry are increasingly accepting as a standard -- the platform for internet content [choice] .

The intent of this flexibility is to support a wide variety of labeling systems and selection methods .
the intent of this flexibility is to support a wide variety of labeling systems and [choice] methods .

They also envisioned a competitive market in selection software , leading to increasingly sophisticated techniques for using those labels .
they also envisioned a competitive market in [choice] software , leading to increasingly sophisticated techniques for using those labels .

Selection software can meet diverse needs , by blocking reception , and labels are the raw materials for implementing context-specific selection criteria .
[choice] software can meet diverse needs , by blocking reception , and labels are the raw materials for implementing context-specific [choice] criteria .

Some people make a good selection almost immediately , just as others can take a very long time to make a colossal mistake .
some people make a good [choice] almost immediately , just as others can take a very long time to make a colossal mistake .

These recordings , which Dylan made with The Band in 1967 in Woodstock , N.Y. , circulated clandestinely until Columbia finally released a two LP selection in 1975 .
these recordings , which dylan made with the band in 1967 in woodstock , n.y. , circulated clandestinely until columbia finally released a two lp [choice] in 1975 .

Slate Afternoon Delivery will include a selection of that day 's analysis and commentary from Slate 's newsier departments , such as `` Chatterbox '' and `` Explainer . ''
slate afternoon delivery will include a [choice] of that day 's analysis and commentary from slate 's newsier departments , such as `` chatterbox '' and `` explainer . ''

Slate Evening Delivery will include a selection of new Slate cultural coverage and reviews .
slate evening delivery will include a [choice] of new slate cultural coverage and reviews .

The evidence for natural selection as the guiding force for the evolution of species has been accrued over the past 100 years and is compelling .
the evidence for natural [choice] as the guiding force for the evolution of species has been accrued over the past 100 years and is compelling .

Bush 's spokesman says Bush was referring to how the selection was managed , not to Quayle himself .
bush 's spokesman says bush was referring to how the [choice] was managed , not to quayle himself .

Let 's just say that a Reagan-Republican Senate candidate in California was known to somewhat hypocritically visit a Los Angeles newsstand that featured an extensive selection of adult magazines .
let 's just say that a reagan-republican senate candidate in california was known to somewhat hypocritically visit a los angeles newsstand that featured an extensive [choice] of adult magazines .

The New York Times off-leads the story , choosing instead to go with Janet Reno 's selection , to be announced today , of ex-Sen. John Danforth to head up an independent executive branch re-investigation of the FBI 's 1993 operations at Waco .
the new york times off-leads the story , choosing instead to go with janet reno 's [choice] , to be announced today , of ex-sen. john danforth to head up an independent executive branch re-investigation of the fbi 's 1993 operations at waco .

Usually the most controversial group show in the United States , this year 's much hyped selection of the best American art of the last two years is deemed smart but overly polite .
usually the most controversial group show in the united states , this year 's much hyped [choice] of the best american art of the last two years is deemed smart but overly polite .

Wilson argues that natural selection created gene pools with certain moral traits , and these traits became the basis for our societal standards .
wilson argues that natural [choice] created gene pools with certain moral traits , and these traits became the basis for our societal standards .

As an alternative to Gates ' suggestion we have put together a special selection of Slate articles published during our first year .
as an alternative to gates ' suggestion we have put together a special [choice] of slate articles published during our first year .

A selection of articles from Slate is now among the features PointCast will automatically download for you .
a [choice] of articles from slate is now among the features pointcast will automatically download for you .

Unfairness because of early selection ?
unfairness because of early [choice] ?

Actually , if we made the selection even earlier , the differences between the majority and minority students would probably be smaller .
actually , if we made the [choice] even earlier , the differences between the majority and minority students would probably be smaller .

By international standards , we do n't make the selection so early .
by international standards , we do n't make the [choice] so early .

In England there used to be ( maybe there still is ) an 11-plus exam that makes the selection at a very early age ; on the continent , too , students are divided between secondary schools that lead to university and those that do not at an earlier age than 17 or 18 .
in england there used to be ( maybe there still is ) an 11-plus exam that makes the [choice] at a very early age ; on the continent , too , students are divided between secondary schools that lead to university and those that do not at an earlier age than 17 or 18 .

Maybe the only problem , or the main problem , is not the test , not selection on the basis of verbal and mathematical competence -- which is all the test does -- but trying harder to get those who ordinarily do poorly on such tests to do better .
maybe the only problem , or the main problem , is not the test , not [choice] on the basis of verbal and mathematical competence -- which is all the test does -- but trying harder to get those who ordinarily do poorly on such tests to do better .

Second , average facial features are a sign of good genes , of being close to the optimal design favored by natural selection .
second , average facial features are a sign of good genes , of being close to the optimal design favored by natural [choice] .

The moral is that it is not hormones themselves but the neural circuitry , shaped by natural selection and modulated by the hormones , that explains our thoughts and feelings .
the moral is that it is not hormones themselves but the neural circuitry , shaped by natural [choice] and modulated by the hormones , that explains our thoughts and feelings .

Natural selection is a resourceful tinkerer and could have rewired men 's brains to respond to lowered testosterone in any number of ways , not necessarily by becoming less competitive .
natural [choice] is a resourceful tinkerer and could have rewired men 's brains to respond to lowered testosterone in any number of ways , not necessarily by becoming less competitive .

Here 's where a broader selection of cities would have made a big difference .
here 's where a broader [choice] of cities would have made a big difference .

Charles Darwin showed how the astonishing diversity of life and its ubiquitous signs of design could arise from the physical process of the natural selection of replicators .
charles darwin showed how the astonishing diversity of life and its ubiquitous signs of design could arise from the physical process of the natural [choice] of replicators .

Human thoughts and feelings are patterns of activity of the brain , whose design is a product of natural selection .
human thoughts and feelings are patterns of activity of the brain , whose design is a product of natural [choice] .

Former paradoxes of animal behavior such as cooperation , sexuality , aggression , pacifism , and communication were being increasingly understood in terms of the natural selection of genes .
former paradoxes of animal behavior such as cooperation , sexuality , aggression , pacifism , and communication were being increasingly understood in terms of the natural [choice] of genes .

The divided GOP 's selection of an extremist candidate paved the way for Democrat Lois Capps ' congressional victory in a traditionally Republican district of California .
the divided gop 's [choice] of an extremist candidate paved the way for democrat lois capps ' congressional victory in a traditionally republican district of california .

While the catalog does contain some potentially controversial material , such as Hungarian artist Rezso Merényi 's Mouse Kiss , a 1922 etching of `` a grand-scale vagina juxtaposed with two mice , '' the selection , made by the Kinsey Institute itself , mostly highlights the highbrow elements of the collection , such as a Chagall lithograph displaying some mild buttock fondling .
while the catalog does contain some potentially controversial material , such as hungarian artist rezso merényi 's mouse kiss , a 1922 etching of `` a grand-scale vagina juxtaposed with two mice , '' the [choice] , made by the kinsey institute itself , mostly highlights the highbrow elements of the collection , such as a chagall lithograph displaying some mild buttock fondling .

USA Today leads with the Supreme Court 's ruling that even a white defendant can challenge a grand jury indictment on the grounds that jury selection discriminated against blacks .
usa today leads with the supreme court 's ruling that even a white defendant can challenge a grand jury indictment on the grounds that jury [choice] discriminated against blacks .

In its selection of material to include and exclude -- and in its interpretation -- George Wallace operates with a pretty free hand .
in its [choice] of material to include and exclude -- and in its interpretation -- george wallace operates with a pretty free hand .

Eons of evolution through sexual selection have made the average man or woman insanely jealous of any interloper who gains a reproductive advantage -- say by diddling your spouse .
eons of evolution through sexual [choice] have made the average man or woman insanely jealous of any interloper who gains a reproductive advantage -- say by diddling your spouse .

His work is basically one long argument that natural selection , and natural selection alone , is sufficient to explain the seemingly miraculous variety , beauty , and ingenuity of living things .
his work is basically one long argument that natural [choice] , and natural [choice] alone , is sufficient to explain the seemingly miraculous variety , beauty , and ingenuity of living things .

Dawkins reminds us that natural selection produces such creatures through a series of incremental steps that `` smear out '' their improbability over long periods of time .
dawkins reminds us that natural [choice] produces such creatures through a series of incremental steps that `` smear out '' their improbability over long periods of time .

There has always been something disturbingly retroactive , after-the-fact , about natural selection as an explanation of life , even when propounded by someone as eloquent as Dawkins .
there has always been something disturbingly retroactive , after-the-fact , about natural [choice] as an explanation of life , even when propounded by someone as eloquent as dawkins .

Life , explained by natural selection alone , just does not seem inevitable enough .
life , explained by natural [choice] alone , just does not seem inevitable enough .

By retracing the steps that culminated in Joe 's good fortune -- the printing of the fateful ticket , Joe 's purchase of it at his local liquor store , the selection of that number by Lotto officials -- Dawkins demonstrates that each conforms to well-understood principles of physics , biology , and social science ; no miracles were required .
by retracing the steps that culminated in joe 's good fortune -- the printing of the fateful ticket , joe 's purchase of it at his local liquor store , the [choice] of that number by lotto officials -- dawkins demonstrates that each conforms to well-understood principles of physics , biology , and social science ; no miracles were required .

Other theorists , notably David Sloan Wilson of the State University of New York at Binghamton , have proposed that natural selection may sometimes favor `` altruistic '' individuals , who sacrifice their own selfish interests for those of their herd , or their species , or even the entire ecosystem in which they are embedded .
other theorists , notably david sloan wilson of the state university of new york at binghamton , have proposed that natural [choice] may sometimes favor `` altruistic '' individuals , who sacrifice their own selfish interests for those of their herd , or their species , or even the entire ecosystem in which they are embedded .

The most extreme version of this concept , called `` group selection , '' is Gaia , which suggests that all of life cooperates so as to ensure its continued survival .
the most extreme version of this concept , called `` group [choice] , '' is gaia , which suggests that all of life cooperates so as to ensure its continued survival .

His defenses of natural selection sometimes lend it more power than it really has .
his defenses of natural [choice] sometimes lend it more power than it really has .

They called it the Platform for Internet Content Selection , or PICS .
they called it the platform for internet content [choice] , or pics .

MacDonald reviewer John Hartung , group selection theorist David Sloan Wilson , John Horgan ( author of The Undiscovered Mind ) , and Steven Pinker ( author of How the Mind Works and Words and Rules : The Ingredients of Language ) .
macdonald reviewer john hartung , group [choice] theorist david sloan wilson , john horgan ( author of the undiscovered mind ) , and steven pinker ( author of how the mind works and words and rules : the ingredients of language ) .

The young man should learn that past Darwinian selection is the reason that a man can get an erection just by looking at a photo of a naked woman , why he may be tempted to demand sex even if he knows that his date truly does n't want it , and why he might mistake a woman 's friendly comment or tight blouse as an invitation to sex .
the young man should learn that past darwinian [choice] is the reason that a man can get an erection just by looking at a photo of a naked woman , why he may be tempted to demand sex even if he knows that his date truly does n't want it , and why he might mistake a woman 's friendly comment or tight blouse as an invitation to sex .

Furthermore , women need to realize that , because selection favored males who had many mates , men tend to read signals of acceptance into a woman 's actions even when no such signals are intended .
furthermore , women need to realize that , because [choice] favored males who had many mates , men tend to read signals of acceptance into a woman 's actions even when no such signals are intended .

The CEO can also affect the composition of the board of directors through his or her selection of senior executives , many of whom are guaranteed board seats by company bylaws .
the ceo can also affect the composition of the board of directors through his or her [choice] of senior executives , many of whom are guaranteed board seats by company bylaws .

The Chinese government asserted that it had the authority to make the selection , and last summer enthroned a nine-year-old as the Panchen Lama .
the chinese government asserted that it had the authority to make the [choice] , and last summer enthroned a nine-year-old as the panchen lama .

The Pentagon insists the speed selection was inadvertent .
the pentagon insists the speed [choice] was inadvertent .

These groups give workers a selection of plans and reduce paperwork hassles for employers .
these groups give workers a [choice] of plans and reduce paperwork hassles for employers .

Over the following three years , the cable industry was everyone 's favorite selection as the industry most likely to fail .
over the following three years , the cable industry was everyone 's favorite [choice] as the industry most likely to fail .

There may be something extremely rare and wonderful about a world in which water splashes on the surface , and where life survives for nearly 4 billion years , where it has the leisure to evolve and , through natural selection , explore the possibilities of complexity .
there may be something extremely rare and wonderful about a world in which water splashes on the surface , and where life survives for nearly 4 billion years , where it has the leisure to evolve and , through natural [choice] , explore the possibilities of complexity .

Legal analysts called the selection astute , saying Posner 's sterling reputation and conservative credentials would increase the chances of settlement and decrease the likelihood that a resolution would be overturned on appeal .
legal analysts called the [choice] astute , saying posner 's sterling reputation and conservative credentials would increase the chances of settlement and decrease the likelihood that a resolution would be overturned on appeal .

It 's all due to the operation of `` kin selection '' during evolution .
it 's all due to the operation of `` kin [choice] '' during evolution .

All brought to you by kin selection .
all brought to you by kin [choice] .

As modern Darwinism gets popularized , the basic idea of kin selection is approaching the status of conventional wisdom .
as modern darwinism gets popularized , the basic idea of kin [choice] is approaching the status of conventional wisdom .

People like me , in writing about kin selection , often talk about full siblings sharing `` half their genes , '' implying that nonrelatives share none .
people like me , in writing about kin [choice] , often talk about full siblings sharing `` half their genes , '' implying that nonrelatives share none .

What people like me really mean is that full siblings share half of any genes that are newly minted -- genes that have recently arisen and on which natural selection is just starting to pass judgment .
what people like me really mean is that full siblings share half of any genes that are newly minted -- genes that have recently arisen and on which natural [choice] is just starting to pass judgment .

Genes that natural selection fully endorsed long ago -- the basic genes for hunger , for lust , for familial love -- are in everyone .
genes that natural [choice] fully endorsed long ago -- the basic genes for hunger , for lust , for familial love -- are in everyone .

You may doubt that natural selection , a process that supposedly maximizes genetic selfishness , could fail so abjectly to do so .
you may doubt that natural [choice] , a process that supposedly maximizes genetic selfishness , could fail so abjectly to do so .

Natural selection did not , in fact , design our brains to apprehend Truth .
natural [choice] did not , in fact , design our brains to apprehend truth .

Gould begins by distorting a basic evolutionary psychology argument : that because men can reproduce more often and more easily than women , natural selection ( which favors traits conducive to genetic proliferation ) has made the minds of men and women different .
gould begins by distorting a basic evolutionary psychology argument : that because men can reproduce more often and more easily than women , natural [choice] ( which favors traits conducive to genetic proliferation ) has made the minds of men and women different .

They were created by the process of natural selection and thus , are inherently absurd -- driven by impulses that exist today only because they helped our ancestors transmit their genes .
they were created by the process of natural [choice] and thus , are inherently absurd -- driven by impulses that exist today only because they helped our ancestors transmit their genes .

Both parties used basically the same regulatory machinery to try to make their plans work in the market without creating a huge `` adverse selection '' problem -- healthier seniors opting into lower-cost plans .
both parties used basically the same regulatory machinery to try to make their plans work in the market without creating a huge `` adverse [choice] '' problem -- healthier seniors opting into lower-cost plans .

Maybe your child 's brain was designed by natural selection over millions of years during which mothers slept with their babies .
maybe your child 's brain was designed by natural [choice] over millions of years during which mothers slept with their babies .

This idea that harmony between the races is impossible -- let 's call it the `` National Review fallacy '' -- rests largely on confusion about a form of natural selection known as `` kin selection . ''
this idea that harmony between the races is impossible -- let 's call it the `` national review fallacy '' -- rests largely on confusion about a form of natural [choice] known as `` kin [choice] . ''

The textbook example of kin selection is a newly minted gene that inclines a ground squirrel to stand up and give an alarm call upon seeing a predator .
the textbook example of kin [choice] is a newly minted gene that inclines a ground squirrel to stand up and give an alarm call upon seeing a predator .

At first glance , this gene would seem to have no chance of proliferating via natural selection , since it attracts the predator 's attention and thus endangers the organism in which it resides .
at first glance , this gene would seem to have no chance of proliferating via natural [choice] , since it attracts the predator 's attention and thus endangers the organism in which it resides .

Even if this `` warning call '' gene occasionally causes the death of its possessor , the gene itself may still flourish by natural selection , as long as more than two siblings are saved for every one ground squirrel that is lost .
even if this `` warning call '' gene occasionally causes the death of its possessor , the gene itself may still flourish by natural [choice] , as long as more than two siblings are saved for every one ground squirrel that is lost .

They try to extend the logic of kin selection beyond the scope of the family and carry it all the way up to the level of whole races .
they try to extend the logic of kin [choice] beyond the scope of the family and carry it all the way up to the level of whole races .

I wo n't even try to explain the fallacy here , except to say that a ) It consists of assuming that kin selection would make altruism proportional to overall genetic relatedness -- that is , the percentage of all your genes that you have in common with another organism ; and b ) This assumption has been memorably characterized as implying that humans should , in theory , be `` nicer to mosquitos than to marigolds . ''
i wo n't even try to explain the fallacy here , except to say that a ) it consists of assuming that kin [choice] would make altruism proportional to overall genetic relatedness -- that is , the percentage of all your genes that you have in common with another organism ; and b ) this assumption has been memorably characterized as implying that humans should , in theory , be `` nicer to mosquitos than to marigolds . ''

Kin selection is n't some inexorable force of evolution .
kin [choice] is n't some inexorable force of evolution .

What 's more , kin selection itself may complicate race relations in various subtle ways .
what 's more , kin [choice] itself may complicate race relations in various subtle ways .

For example : Nepotism , one legacy of kin selection , is often de facto racial discrimination , since your close relatives are usually members of your race .
for example : nepotism , one legacy of kin [choice] , is often de facto racial discrimination , since your close relatives are usually members of your race .

By the way , his 1966 book Adaptation and Natural Selection ( Princeton University Press ) , which laid the theoretical foundation for the modern Darwinian study of social behavior in animals , still is in print .
by the way , his 1966 book adaptation and natural [choice] ( princeton university press ) , which laid the theoretical foundation for the modern darwinian study of social behavior in animals , still is in print .

Are men designed by natural selection for warfare ?
are men designed by natural [choice] for warfare ?

Ethnographic evidence alone suggests that men could well be designed by natural selection to fight , and perhaps to do so in groups .
ethnographic evidence alone suggests that men could well be designed by natural [choice] to fight , and perhaps to do so in groups .

The problem is n't so much that men are designed by natural selection to fight as what they 're designed to fight over : women .
the problem is n't so much that men are designed by natural [choice] to fight as what they 're designed to fight over : women .

Of course , even scientific polls are subject to error , and not just to the standard `` margin of error '' that is due to assumed errors in sample selection .
of course , even scientific polls are subject to error , and not just to the standard `` margin of error '' that is due to assumed errors in sample [choice] .

This is how George Will justifies his selection of William Shakespeare as man of the millennium , while dismissing scientists on the grounds that `` science has its own logic and is going to get where it 's going , '' regardless of which scientist gets there first .
this is how george will justifies his [choice] of william shakespeare as man of the millennium , while dismissing scientists on the grounds that `` science has its own logic and is going to get where it 's going , '' regardless of which scientist gets there first .

The Post said his room in Jerusalem had been stocked with a selection of Israeli vodkas .
the post said his room in jerusalem had been stocked with a [choice] of israeli vodkas .

Web vendors promise a bigger selection of merchandise than you can find in any store .
web vendors promise a bigger [choice] of merchandise than you can find in any store .

Yes , each online vendor has a wider selection of goods than each mall retailer does .
yes , each online vendor has a wider [choice] of goods than each mall retailer does .

Yes , cyberspace has a wider selection of goods than any mall does .
yes , cyberspace has a wider [choice] of goods than any mall does .

Nobody has the time or mental bandwidth to search all of cyberspace , and given a choice between a single online store and a mall , you can probably find a wider selection at the mall .
nobody has the time or mental bandwidth to search all of cyberspace , and given a choice between a single online store and a mall , you can probably find a wider [choice] at the mall .

Malls conquered the retail economy by providing a selection of goods broad enough and cheap enough to gain consumers ' trust and thereby control their options .
malls conquered the retail economy by providing a [choice] of goods broad enough and cheap enough to gain consumers ' trust and thereby control their options .

Reading these gems in the new posthumous selection , One More Time : The Best of Mike Royko , I found myself wondering : Why does n't anyone write a newspaper column this good anymore ?
reading these gems in the new posthumous [choice] , one more time : the best of mike royko , i found myself wondering : why does n't anyone write a newspaper column this good anymore ?

The selection of American and British targets was evidently deliberate .
the [choice] of american and british targets was evidently deliberate .

Strong genetic differences among dog breeds are not just the result of natural selection .
strong genetic differences among dog breeds are not just the result of natural [choice] .

Even a millennium of unnatural selection still leaves room for some environmental influence : A cocker spaniel that wears a `` Kick Dog for Service '' sign from 9 till 5 will be a lot more likely to bite than a Rottweiler that grew up in a loving home .
even a millennium of unnatural [choice] still leaves room for some environmental influence : a cocker spaniel that wears a `` kick dog for service '' sign from 9 till 5 will be a lot more likely to bite than a rottweiler that grew up in a loving home .

Therefore , we should n't be surprised that natural selection favored people with a taste for refrigerator locks .
therefore , we should n't be surprised that natural [choice] favored people with a taste for refrigerator locks .

Satisfy these cravings at Laissez Faire Books , `` The World 's Largest Selection of Books on Liberty . ''
satisfy these cravings at laissez faire books , `` the world 's largest [choice] of books on liberty . ''

This year , I 'm determined to make my selection while I 'm still looking at spring 's display , deciding what I need , and how many , and where it will all go .
this year , i 'm determined to make my [choice] while i 'm still looking at spring 's display , deciding what i need , and how many , and where it will all go .

Either find yourself a reference book such as Taylor 's Guide to Bulbs , or use one of the catalogs with color photos for reference , so you can take advantage of the picture-less catalogs ' high quality , good selection , and cheaper prices .
either find yourself a reference book such as taylor 's guide to bulbs , or use one of the catalogs with color photos for reference , so you can take advantage of the picture-less catalogs ' high quality , good [choice] , and cheaper prices .

Why has n't natural selection consigned this miserable condition to the dustbin of evolutionary history ?
why has n't natural [choice] consigned this miserable condition to the dustbin of evolutionary history ?

Why has n't natural selection corrected the immune system 's misguided response ?
why has n't natural [choice] corrected the immune system 's misguided response ?

Since allergies rarely shorten life spans or discourage mates , it is unlikely natural selection will ever weed them out .
since allergies rarely shorten life spans or discourage mates , it is unlikely natural [choice] will ever weed them out .

Natural selection rewarded men who clawed their way to positions of power with many sex partners ( i.e. , gave them many chances to reproduce their genes ) .
natural [choice] rewarded men who clawed their way to positions of power with many sex partners ( i.e. , gave them many chances to reproduce their genes ) .

Even before jury selection , the prosecution dropped a bombshell , alleging that defendant Mikail Markhasev belongs to the `` Mexican Mafia '' prison gang and that the gang might threaten jurors .
even before jury [choice] , the prosecution dropped a bombshell , alleging that defendant mikail markhasev belongs to the `` mexican mafia '' prison gang and that the gang might threaten jurors .

Two , we have a better selection .
two , we have a better [choice] .

Selection ?
[choice] ?

If you define `` inventory '' as any book a store can special-order for you , as Amazon does , then the selection is identical at almost every halfway-decent bookstore in America .
if you define `` inventory '' as any book a store can special-order for you , as amazon does , then the [choice] is identical at almost every halfway-decent bookstore in america .

The second selection 's obscurity did n't cheer him up : `` Ugh , ca n't do you the Washburn book . ''
the second [choice] 's obscurity did n't cheer him up : `` ugh , ca n't do you the washburn book . ''

The Post runs a supporting story inside about a woman advocate of jury nullification on a hung Colorado drug case jury who was later convicted of failing to disclose her own drug conviction during jury selection .
the post runs a supporting story inside about a woman advocate of jury nullification on a hung colorado drug case jury who was later convicted of failing to disclose her own drug conviction during jury [choice] .

You Could Look It Up is the umpteenth collection of Safire 's columns and , like the previous collections , contains a selection of letters from readers .
you could look it up is the umpteenth collection of safire 's columns and , like the previous collections , contains a [choice] of letters from readers .

As well as their duty-free plus , the two English speakers have a selection of French vocabulary to declare .
as well as their duty-free plus , the two english speakers have a [choice] of french vocabulary to declare .

Here are a selection of measurements used when England was totally agricultural :
here are a [choice] of measurements used when england was totally agricultural :

Where names are concerned , I know of no dictionary in any language whose selection was made from a corpus : all rely on the assessment of lexicographers .
where names are concerned , i know of no dictionary in any language whose [choice] was made from a corpus : all rely on the assessment of lexicographers .

The selection of 1200 entries for inclusion seems a bit esoteric , but the general structure of the work -- entry word , part of speech , definition , citation ( s ) , and , in many cases , an explanatory comment on the origin of the term , its etymology , and other information -- is straightforward .
the [choice] of 1200 entries for inclusion seems a bit esoteric , but the general structure of the work -- entry word , part of speech , definition , citation ( s ) , and , in many cases , an explanatory comment on the origin of the term , its etymology , and other information -- is straightforward .

Frank Remington indicates that on the official form for post office name selection there is a blank for “ Name of Town ” and the directions , “ Please write in ink. ” The residents of a particular town in Arkansas took this information literally as they were voting for the town name , and so many of them wrote in “ Ink , ” that Ink became the name of the town .
frank remington indicates that on the official form for post office name [choice] there is a blank for “ name of town ” and the directions , “ please write in ink. ” the residents of a particular town in arkansas took this information literally as they were voting for the town name , and so many of them wrote in “ ink , ” that ink became the name of the town .

Here is a brief selection of examples ( limited to BBC programs ) from the dozens I collected during the summer of 1994 .
here is a brief [choice] of examples ( limited to bbc programs ) from the dozens i collected during the summer of 1994 .

As he talked about his life ¦ and played his catholic selection of Desert Island discs , ¦¦ it became clear that he 's a DOER ¦ and not a PONDERER ¦ on life 's inequities .
as he talked about his life ¦ and played his catholic [choice] of desert island discs , ¦¦ it became clear that he 's a doer ¦ and not a ponderer ¦ on life 's inequities .

I agree with Ashok Mohapatra 's basic thesis in Politicking with Words [ XXII , 1 , 1 ] , but I think his search for elegant formulations obscured his judgment in the selection of examples he cites to make his point regarding the new German dictionary .
i agree with ashok mohapatra 's basic thesis in politicking with words [ xxii , 1 , 1 ] , but i think his search for elegant formulations obscured his judgment in the [choice] of examples he cites to make his point regarding the new german dictionary .

Part III : SUBJECTS consists of three categories of specialized words and phrases , which are further divided into 36 subjects , each of which , through an illustrative example and a wide selection of exercises entries , provides additional practice in dissecting , analyzing , reconstructing , defining , and providing commentaries for English words .
part iii : subjects consists of three categories of specialized words and phrases , which are further divided into 36 subjects , each of which , through an illustrative example and a wide [choice] of exercises entries , provides additional practice in dissecting , analyzing , reconstructing , defining , and providing commentaries for english words .

A random selection of English loanwords -- with no Hungarian translation given -- taken from recent newspapers , magazines , and conversations , includes the following :
a random [choice] of english loanwords -- with no hungarian translation given -- taken from recent newspapers , magazines , and conversations , includes the following :

The final chapter , 17 , consists of a checklist of “ words and phrases to be used with care. ” The inevitable old chestnuts are here -- infer/imply , appraise/ apprise , etc. -- but most of the 250 or so entries in these 70-odd pages deal with matters of style , word selection , and the avoidance of pompous or meaningless clichés .
the final chapter , 17 , consists of a checklist of “ words and phrases to be used with care. ” the inevitable old chestnuts are here -- infer/imply , appraise/ apprise , etc. -- but most of the 250 or so entries in these 70-odd pages deal with matters of style , word [choice] , and the avoidance of pompous or meaningless clichés .

Hendrickson 's book , EWPO for short , covers some standard , single-word entries , some oddities , a number of phrases and expressions , and a good selection of items not covered by most of the other books .
hendrickson 's book , ewpo for short , covers some standard , single-word entries , some oddities , a number of phrases and expressions , and a good [choice] of items not covered by most of the other books .

In reviewing the works of others , attention must be paid to such materials , and the Bibliography of Selected Sources and Dictionaries Consulted include only twenty-five titles under the former category ( plus fifteen of Patrick O'Brian 's Jack Aubrey novels ) and only ten under the latter , some of which are curious choices indeed : Robert Hunter 's Universal Dictionary of the English Language , New York : Collier , 1897 , which I have never heard of ; Eric Partridge 's Origins : A Short Etymological Dictionary of Modern English contains a great many errors and ought to be avoided by serious researchers ; the author evidently chose not to wade through Johnson 's Dictionary , relying instead on McAdam and Milne 's A Modern Selection .
in reviewing the works of others , attention must be paid to such materials , and the bibliography of selected sources and dictionaries consulted include only twenty-five titles under the former category ( plus fifteen of patrick o'brian 's jack aubrey novels ) and only ten under the latter , some of which are curious choices indeed : robert hunter 's universal dictionary of the english language , new york : collier , 1897 , which i have never heard of ; eric partridge 's origins : a short etymological dictionary of modern english contains a great many errors and ought to be avoided by serious researchers ; the author evidently chose not to wade through johnson 's dictionary , relying instead on mcadam and milne 's a modern [choice] .

The average day 's listening to talk radio will provide a vertiginous selection of all these categories—plus , of course , the Political Revolution .
the average day 's listening to talk radio will provide a vertiginous [choice] of all these categories—plus , of course , the political revolution .

Where Rybakin scores over the other two works is in the provision of pronunciations and , for a main or source name , a selection of literary characters who bear it .
where rybakin scores over the other two works is in the provision of pronunciations and , for a main or source name , a [choice] of literary characters who bear it .

The average day 's listening to talk radio will provide a vertiginous selection of all these categories -- plus , of course , the Political Revolution .
the average day 's listening to talk radio will provide a vertiginous [choice] of all these categories -- plus , of course , the political revolution .

To take only a selection of the more common terms , surfbathing dates from 1884 , surfboard from 1826 , surfboat from 1856 , surfriding from 1882 , and surf-swimmer from 1845 , all long before the first Australian enjoyment of the surf is recorded in the early years of this century .
to take only a [choice] of the more common terms , surfbathing dates from 1884 , surfboard from 1826 , surfboat from 1856 , surfriding from 1882 , and surf-swimmer from 1845 , all long before the first australian enjoyment of the surf is recorded in the early years of this century .

No comment is offered on the selection of the films .
no comment is offered on the [choice] of the films .

This is not a book of descriptive phonetics ; it is for the learner who aspires to speak the “ best ’ English he can , and the selection of these two dialects would be hard to fault .
this is not a book of descriptive phonetics ; it is for the learner who aspires to speak the “ best ’ english he can , and the [choice] of these two dialects would be hard to fault .

Throughout , Bailey properly maintains the clinical view of the scholarly observer , and I could find little evidence , even in the selection of extracts , indicating where his personal preferences lie .
throughout , bailey properly maintains the clinical view of the scholarly observer , and i could find little evidence , even in the [choice] of extracts , indicating where his personal preferences lie .

Names New and Old : Papers of the Names Institute This ( second ) ¹ selection of the papers read at the Names Institute covers the last seven years at Fairleigh Dickinson University ( FDU , 1980-1986 ) but includes some papers read at meetings of the Institute since 1986 at John Jay and Baruch Colleges ( New York ) .
names new and old : papers of the names institute this ( second ) ¹ [choice] of the papers read at the names institute covers the last seven years at fairleigh dickinson university ( fdu , 1980-1986 ) but includes some papers read at meetings of the institute since 1986 at john jay and baruch colleges ( new york ) .

An important point they make is that although names nowadays are often chosen without knowledge of their linguistic roots and meanings , the linguistic background nevertheless persists as an important basis for selection : books of names generally provide information about roots and meanings and as long as these books are read and used , the knowledge of these works will form part of the choice .
an important point they make is that although names nowadays are often chosen without knowledge of their linguistic roots and meanings , the linguistic background nevertheless persists as an important basis for [choice] : books of names generally provide information about roots and meanings and as long as these books are read and used , the knowledge of these works will form part of the choice .

Here is a selection of the best ( those marked with an asterisk are not in the current edition , never having been reinstated after an earlier expulsion ) .
here is a [choice] of the best ( those marked with an asterisk are not in the current edition , never having been reinstated after an earlier expulsion ) .

There is also a Bibliography of sorts : the OED was , but the OED2e was not consulted ; Brewer 's Dictionary of Phrase & Fable was , perhaps somewhat uncritically ; and , among works that either fail to reflect the latest scholarship , are not pertinent to the task set , or are just plain awful , the following are listed : Wilfred Funk 's Word Origins and Their Romantic Stories , ( a 1978 reprint of a 1950 work ) ; Universal Dictionary of the English Language ( 1897 ) ; a modern selection from Johnson 's Dictionary ( 1755 ) ; Partridge 's Origins ( 1977 ) , a work long criticized for its errors ; and Webster 's New Twentieth Century Dictionary of the English Language ( 1965 ) , which is a $ 15 reprint , cursorily updated , of the 19th-century Ogilvie edition of Annandale 's Dictionary .
there is also a bibliography of sorts : the oed was , but the oed2e was not consulted ; brewer 's dictionary of phrase & fable was , perhaps somewhat uncritically ; and , among works that either fail to reflect the latest scholarship , are not pertinent to the task set , or are just plain awful , the following are listed : wilfred funk 's word origins and their romantic stories , ( a 1978 reprint of a 1950 work ) ; universal dictionary of the english language ( 1897 ) ; a modern [choice] from johnson 's dictionary ( 1755 ) ; partridge 's origins ( 1977 ) , a work long criticized for its errors ; and webster 's new twentieth century dictionary of the english language ( 1965 ) , which is a $ 15 reprint , cursorily updated , of the 19th-century ogilvie edition of annandale 's dictionary .

The selection does not exclude ordinary language , for Goldwynism , hermaphroditism , iotacism , opportunism , optimism , and toadyism are included among the scores of entries .
the [choice] does not exclude ordinary language , for goldwynism , hermaphroditism , iotacism , opportunism , optimism , and toadyism are included among the scores of entries .

In his treatise on words and expressions derived from firearms [ XV,1 ] , Richard Lederer was often correct in his selection of words but was often wrong as to their meanings and derivations .
in his treatise on words and expressions derived from firearms [ xv,1 ] , richard lederer was often correct in his [choice] of words but was often wrong as to their meanings and derivations .

Instead , I shall attempt here only a selection of a selection , suggesting some themes and functions along the way .
instead , i shall attempt here only a [choice] of a [choice] , suggesting some themes and functions along the way .

Not only is Classic music not always classical , but there is an utter lack of sensitivity in the selection of music played : Anitra 's Dance could well be preceded by Schoenberg and followed by Scarlatti or O Sole Mio sung by Tagliavini .
not only is classic music not always classical , but there is an utter lack of sensitivity in the [choice] of music played : anitra 's dance could well be preceded by schoenberg and followed by scarlatti or o sole mio sung by tagliavini .

The selection of such words is likely to be personal , reflecting the tastes and proclivities of the compiler , hence one is hard put to quarrel with the choices .
the [choice] of such words is likely to be personal , reflecting the tastes and proclivities of the compiler , hence one is hard put to quarrel with the choices .

Declaim that line of transliterated Greek , and you can listen to Homer 's cunning selection of words and genitive case capture the twanging release of Ulysses ' silver bow .
declaim that line of transliterated greek , and you can listen to homer 's cunning [choice] of words and genitive case capture the twanging release of ulysses ' silver bow .

If one goes through sequentially , he finds this at the end of a given selection :
if one goes through sequentially , he finds this at the end of a given [choice] :

In fact the area of acronym selection is so important that it seems to me there is a technology gap here .
in fact the area of acronym [choice] is so important that it seems to me there is a technology gap here .

You were at a loss to explain the rationale for the program 's selection of rattans as an alternative for awakens .
you were at a loss to explain the rationale for the program 's [choice] of rattans as an alternative for awakens .

Below is [ a selection from ] the list of words in your article , accompanied by a number code ; as will be seen , the words in each group have very similar codes .
below is [ a [choice] from ] the list of words in your article , accompanied by a number code ; as will be seen , the words in each group have very similar codes .

