There would seem to be some small solace in the prospect that the missile race between nations is at the same time accelerating the study of the space around us , giving us a long-sought ladder from which to peer at alien regions .
there would seem to be some small [comfort] in the prospect that the missile race between nations is at the same time accelerating the study of the space around us , giving us a long-sought ladder from which to peer at alien regions .

Food may act as a sedative , giving temporary emotional solace , just as , for some people , alcohol does .
food may act as a sedative , giving temporary emotional [comfort] , just as , for some people , alcohol does .

To be sure , when this is pointed out , a common response among certain churchmen is to fulminate about `` the little flock '' and `` the great crowd '' and to take solace from Paul's castigation of the `` wisdom of the wise '' in the opening chapter of First Corinthians .
to be sure , when this is pointed out , a common response among certain churchmen is to fulminate about `` the little flock '' and `` the great crowd '' and to take [comfort] from paul's castigation of the `` wisdom of the wise '' in the opening chapter of first corinthians .

To the extent that he was ostracized or even reviled , we solace ourselves by saying he asked for it .
to the extent that he was ostracized or even reviled , we [comfort] ourselves by saying he asked for it .

It gives him aid , comfort , even solace , in meeting mundane life situations where his own unassisted practical knowledge and skill are felt by him to be inadequate .
it gives him aid , comfort , even [comfort] , in meeting mundane life situations where his own unassisted practical knowledge and skill are felt by him to be inadequate .

He too knew the agony of going for weeks , sometimes months without the solace of tobacco .
he too knew the agony of going for weeks , sometimes months without the [comfort] of tobacco .

Buckinghamshire Tories provided the only solace .
buckinghamshire tories provided the only [comfort] .

John Foster , the council 's chief executive officer , was speaking in his capacity as chairman of the environmental panel of Solace , The Society of Local Authority Chief Executives .
john foster , the council 's chief executive officer , was speaking in his capacity as chairman of the environmental panel of [comfort] , the society of local authority chief executives .

Mr Foster said Solace welcomed opportunities , challenges and the raising of environmental awareness following the Earth Summit in Brazil .
mr foster said [comfort] welcomed opportunities , challenges and the raising of environmental awareness following the earth summit in brazil .

He eventually found solace in religion .
he eventually found [comfort] in religion .

no adequate solace
no adequate [comfort]

There was a plug-in kettle , an electric ring for cooking on , and a Gideon 's bible , for solace .
there was a plug-in kettle , an electric ring for cooking on , and a gideon 's bible , for [comfort] .

Ellen may well be a marvellous wife for Derek and the solace of his mature period but perhaps he needs a different partner on air .
ellen may well be a marvellous wife for derek and the [comfort] of his mature period but perhaps he needs a different partner on air .

Terror possessed him in the night ; he would of habit turn to Dinah as his only solace .
terror possessed him in the night ; he would of habit turn to dinah as his only [comfort] .

Yet perhaps Thomas Hopkins and his wife took some solace in so commemorating the death of their eldest son .
yet perhaps thomas hopkins and his wife took some [comfort] in so commemorating the death of their eldest son .

Lazenby 's career took a nose dive and he turned to drink and drugs for solace .
lazenby 's career took a nose dive and he turned to drink and drugs for [comfort] .

Seeking solace , he stood and crossed the cramped living area of his two-roomed apartment and snatched up a bottle of Krepkaya , drawing the cork with his teeth .
seeking [comfort] , he stood and crossed the cramped living area of his two-roomed apartment and snatched up a bottle of krepkaya , drawing the cork with his teeth .

‘ You need solace , Jaq , relief from burdens .
‘ you need [comfort] , jaq , relief from burdens .

‘ Solace , Jaq .
‘ [comfort] , jaq .

But most of them can take solace in that their performances are n't being reflected in the results of late .
but most of them can take [comfort] in that their performances are n't being reflected in the results of late .

When you 're criticised by others , there can be great solace in thinking quietly to yourself about the flip side of the description .
when you 're criticised by others , there can be great [comfort] in thinking quietly to yourself about the flip side of the description .

Cool World also stars the ever-sulky , strongly quiffed Brad Pitt as Detective Frank Harris , who finds himself entering into the bizarre , mesmeric universe created by Deebs as a solace from his own troubled existence .
cool world also stars the ever-sulky , strongly quiffed brad pitt as detective frank harris , who finds himself entering into the bizarre , mesmeric universe created by deebs as a [comfort] from his own troubled existence .

These sort of facts are hardly likely to give Graham any festive cheer , but he can find some solace by taking a swift glance at last season 's results .
these sort of facts are hardly likely to give graham any festive cheer , but he can find some [comfort] by taking a swift glance at last season 's results .

After the grim birthday outing , they could try to find solace in pictures of their little girl as they want to remember her .
after the grim birthday outing , they could try to find [comfort] in pictures of their little girl as they want to remember her .

And whereas other Renaissance examples of the exhortation to marriage dwell on the delight and solace of the married state , our poet 's argument , by contrast , is directed to the friend 's reproduction of himself for the benefit of posterity .
and whereas other renaissance examples of the exhortation to marriage dwell on the delight and [comfort] of the married state , our poet 's argument , by contrast , is directed to the friend 's reproduction of himself for the benefit of posterity .

Monarchists could find some solace in the fact that the participants were not exactly representative .
monarchists could find some [comfort] in the fact that the participants were not exactly representative .

The diaries , memoirs , and letters that have survived from the post-Reformation period reveal that many Protestants found their trust in divine providence to be a source of great comfort and solace during times of public or private affliction .
the diaries , memoirs , and letters that have survived from the post-reformation period reveal that many protestants found their trust in divine providence to be a source of great comfort and [comfort] during times of public or private affliction .

For many of these more moderate members of the Church of England the ritual and ceremonial elements of its liturgy , which were so offensive to Puritans , were a source of great comfort and spiritual solace .
for many of these more moderate members of the church of england the ritual and ceremonial elements of its liturgy , which were so offensive to puritans , were a source of great comfort and spiritual [comfort] .

Neither needed the masculine camaraderie of club or golf course , pub or grouse moor which so many of their colleagues found necessary to solace or sustain their over-busy lives .
neither needed the masculine camaraderie of club or golf course , pub or grouse moor which so many of their colleagues found necessary to [comfort] or sustain their over-busy lives .

There was no answer anywhere , no solace for him anywhere , not in the pronouncements of the other clergy , nor in the speeches of politicians , and certainly not in the daily litany of murder and worse than murder that the newspapers carried .
there was no answer anywhere , no [comfort] for him anywhere , not in the pronouncements of the other clergy , nor in the speeches of politicians , and certainly not in the daily litany of murder and worse than murder that the newspapers carried .

The only cheer , solace , was all the good news of Daisy .
the only cheer , [comfort] , was all the good news of daisy .

And once , before as now , for solace and solitude .
and once , before as now , for [comfort] and solitude .

Away from the noisy public confessional of the street , the quiet courtyards , the stuccoed passageways and the domed tomb chambers offer the solace of fine detail , birdsong and a watery half-light .
away from the noisy public confessional of the street , the quiet courtyards , the stuccoed passageways and the domed tomb chambers offer the [comfort] of fine detail , birdsong and a watery half-light .

His father 's favouring of Chuck had forced him to turn to her increasingly for solace , and that some unimaginable selfishness should have driven her to commit her dreadful act of desertion baffled and disturbed him deeply for reasons he did n't begin to understand .
his father 's favouring of chuck had forced him to turn to her increasingly for [comfort] , and that some unimaginable selfishness should have driven her to commit her dreadful act of desertion baffled and disturbed him deeply for reasons he did n't begin to understand .

Her mother said it was stimulating to be upset , and maybe it was , but that did n't prevent her from preferring the solace of the old wisdom .
her mother said it was stimulating to be upset , and maybe it was , but that did n't prevent her from preferring the [comfort] of the old wisdom .

‘ My win in the Mercedes German Masters was my first for three years , ’ he said at home in Largs where he finds peace and solace with son Daniel and Suzanne .
‘ my win in the mercedes german masters was my first for three years , ’ he said at home in largs where he finds peace and [comfort] with son daniel and suzanne .

The feel of a book in her hands was an ancient solace — not , originally , because of what lay between the covers but as a screen , a defence , a shield .
the feel of a book in her hands was an ancient [comfort] — not , originally , because of what lay between the covers but as a screen , a defence , a shield .

Traditionally people — some people — have retreated to it in search of spiritual solace .
traditionally people — some people — have retreated to it in search of spiritual [comfort] .

After his wife 's death in 1899 Machen briefly sought solace in the occult fraternity , the Order of the Golden Dawn , but ultimately found its teachings sterile .
after his wife 's death in 1899 machen briefly sought [comfort] in the occult fraternity , the order of the golden dawn , but ultimately found its teachings sterile .

He later wrote that he had developed ‘ an unbounded admiration for the works of the most refined art in painting , sculpture and architecture , with which [ Rome ] then abounded … These were the seductive amusements of my youth : they have clung to me through a long life , and they are now the solace of my old age .
he later wrote that he had developed ‘ an unbounded admiration for the works of the most refined art in painting , sculpture and architecture , with which [ rome ] then abounded … these were the seductive amusements of my youth : they have clung to me through a long life , and they are now the [comfort] of my old age .

She sought solace in her religion under the tutelage of Robert Robinson [ q.v . ]
she sought [comfort] in her religion under the tutelage of robert robinson [ q.v . ]

Almost desperately she sought solace in her own private ‘ pictures ’ , the programme she never tired of , which she had projected on to her drowsy mind countless times as she lay in bed before dropping off to sleep , or half-awake on Sunday mornings .
almost desperately she sought [comfort] in her own private ‘ pictures ’ , the programme she never tired of , which she had projected on to her drowsy mind countless times as she lay in bed before dropping off to sleep , or half-awake on sunday mornings .

The next day , Baldwin , having shocked Hankey by insisting on retiring to Chequers for the weekend , again sought the solace of Jones 's chiding but comforting company .
the next day , baldwin , having shocked hankey by insisting on retiring to chequers for the weekend , again sought the [comfort] of jones 's chiding but comforting company .

Clara 's one solace had been the cold , tight dignity of her case , and this had been stolen from her , robbed from her by an elderly woman 's few words of casual humanity .
clara 's one [comfort] had been the cold , tight dignity of her case , and this had been stolen from her , robbed from her by an elderly woman 's few words of casual humanity .

and thought of what she should do next , without this view , without the solace of a yearly grant , without the irreproachable ( or now , through custom , irreproachable ) excuse of study .
and thought of what she should do next , without this view , without the [comfort] of a yearly grant , without the irreproachable ( or now , through custom , irreproachable ) excuse of study .

Perhaps equally , the parent who sees himself or herself as `` bad `` may seek atonement or solace in becoming the `` good `` child — and accepting the ministrations of a substitute parent .
perhaps equally , the parent who sees himself or herself as `` bad `` may seek atonement or [comfort] in becoming the `` good `` child — and accepting the ministrations of a substitute parent .

Silently he applauded her fortitude , wanting to hold her to give her the solace he knew she needed .
silently he applauded her fortitude , wanting to hold her to give her the [comfort] he knew she needed .

It 's easy to forget the longing for Magic , for solace ; the holy card visions of guardian angels guiding lost children through a storm . How we all long for protection , like a pink ceramic nightlight of the Virgin , or the bleeding heart behind a strobe of crosses and candles !
it 's easy to forget the longing for magic , for [comfort] ; the holy card visions of guardian angels guiding lost children through a storm . how we all long for protection , like a pink ceramic nightlight of the virgin , or the bleeding heart behind a strobe of crosses and candles !

Because they represent the livelihood of local farmers , they can be seen , like Millet 's Angelus , to celebrate an enduring rural tradition which , in the wake of France 's bitter defeat in the Franco-Prussian war , became a solace and source of pride .
because they represent the livelihood of local farmers , they can be seen , like millet 's angelus , to celebrate an enduring rural tradition which , in the wake of france 's bitter defeat in the franco-prussian war , became a [comfort] and source of pride .

Why should the Roman Church in Constantine 's time have adopted such a position , theologically so scandalous ? For nearly three hundred years , Christians had defied the might of the Empire , had steadfastly refused to compromise their convictions , had allowed themselves to be martyred , had found solace in the prospect of a greater glory in heaven . Why now should they be prepared to recognise as Messiah precisely the imperial authority which , three centuries before , had crucified Jesus — and which continued to practise execution by crucifixion on rebels against the State ?
why should the roman church in constantine 's time have adopted such a position , theologically so scandalous ? for nearly three hundred years , christians had defied the might of the empire , had steadfastly refused to compromise their convictions , had allowed themselves to be martyred , had found [comfort] in the prospect of a greater glory in heaven . why now should they be prepared to recognise as messiah precisely the imperial authority which , three centuries before , had crucified jesus — and which continued to practise execution by crucifixion on rebels against the state ?

She found some solace in her love of dancing inviting the West Heath school pianist , the late Lily Snipp and Wendy Mitchell , her dance teacher , to Buckingham Palace to give her private lessons .
she found some [comfort] in her love of dancing inviting the west heath school pianist , the late lily snipp and wendy mitchell , her dance teacher , to buckingham palace to give her private lessons .

Instead they looked within themselves to find solace and contentment .
instead they looked within themselves to find [comfort] and contentment .

Mary Tyrone , perhaps the central character of the play but certainly not the sole source of discord , is a fading beauty trying to find solace from the harsh realities of the external world and internal torment in steeping herself in lost ideals and numbing herself with drugs .
mary tyrone , perhaps the central character of the play but certainly not the sole source of discord , is a fading beauty trying to find [comfort] from the harsh realities of the external world and internal torment in steeping herself in lost ideals and numbing herself with drugs .

Here there is a Pet Corner offering solace to grieving owners .
here there is a pet corner offering [comfort] to grieving owners .

Both the long and short meditations are presented as prayers in which Rolle counterpoints awareness of the suffering caused by sin in the events of the Passion with a growth in horrified consciousness of the death blows of sin in the self , for which the only remedy is that love manifested in the death of Christ working in man : what Julian will call `` the werkyng of mercy `` , which lasts as long as sin pursues man , and of grace which works our `` dredful faylyng `` into solace and our `` shamefull `` `` falling `` to resurrection .
both the long and short meditations are presented as prayers in which rolle counterpoints awareness of the suffering caused by sin in the events of the passion with a growth in horrified consciousness of the death blows of sin in the self , for which the only remedy is that love manifested in the death of christ working in man : what julian will call `` the werkyng of mercy `` , which lasts as long as sin pursues man , and of grace which works our `` dredful faylyng `` into [comfort] and our `` shamefull `` `` falling `` to resurrection .

Not to play with the twins , not for solace or scraps or to complain about the social security man , but simply to be a nuisance since being a nuisance was his way : to say again that he was the child of Miss Lavant .
not to play with the twins , not for [comfort] or scraps or to complain about the social security man , but simply to be a nuisance since being a nuisance was his way : to say again that he was the child of miss lavant .

The repeated touch of his mouth on her own thrilled through her , tasting her with such erotic intensity that she gasped , straining against him , seeking the solace of his flesh , assuaging the ache in her own trembling limbs by pressing herself against his adamant masculine frame .
the repeated touch of his mouth on her own thrilled through her , tasting her with such erotic intensity that she gasped , straining against him , seeking the [comfort] of his flesh , assuaging the ache in her own trembling limbs by pressing herself against his adamant masculine frame .

Joe — finishing his Bournemouth shows last night before a national tour — added : God has been a great solace to me , plus the love of my fans . ’
joe — finishing his bournemouth shows last night before a national tour — added : god has been a great [comfort] to me , plus the love of my fans . ’

Clearly she had found solace in its silence and calm , silvery light .
clearly she had found [comfort] in its silence and calm , silvery light .

Anne Diamond ‘ has brought solace to the inconsolable ’
anne diamond ‘ has brought [comfort] to the inconsolable ’

Anne had begun her campaign after losing their baby son in a cot death and Phillipa Burrow said : ‘ You have used your skills to bring solace to the inconsolable , Your contribution will not be forgotten . ’
anne had begun her campaign after losing their baby son in a cot death and phillipa burrow said : ‘ you have used your skills to bring [comfort] to the inconsolable , your contribution will not be forgotten . ’

Rather , as people 's lives become increasingly disconnected from emotional lives , and from the structures affecting them , they will find increased solace in institutions , individuals and themes associated with apparent , but displaced , notions of kin , blood relations and general or collective experience .
rather , as people 's lives become increasingly disconnected from emotional lives , and from the structures affecting them , they will find increased [comfort] in institutions , individuals and themes associated with apparent , but displaced , notions of kin , blood relations and general or collective experience .

We find little solace at home but go out again in search of mass entertainment or slump in front of the television , seeking not to think but to forget .
we find little [comfort] at home but go out again in search of mass entertainment or slump in front of the television , seeking not to think but to forget .

Young Fijians find solace in ‘ one case of beer ’ — it is never drunk by the bottle — and are generous to a fault .
young fijians find [comfort] in ‘ one case of beer ’ — it is never drunk by the bottle — and are generous to a fault .

It had always proved a solace for past unhappiness , but this time its charm had n't worked .
it had always proved a [comfort] for past unhappiness , but this time its charm had n't worked .

The salvation and solace for this state of mind is art , which converts thoughts of loathing into ideas it is possible to live with : horror is tamed and made sublime , while what had been disgusting absurdity becomes comic .
the salvation and [comfort] for this state of mind is art , which converts thoughts of loathing into ideas it is possible to live with : horror is tamed and made sublime , while what had been disgusting absurdity becomes comic .

The awareness of the world 's antiquity which was often with me seemed to intensify , to be a solace .
the awareness of the world 's antiquity which was often with me seemed to intensify , to be a [comfort] .

They have devious ways of making money from bereaved people 's misery , whether by knocking on the door after a death , offering to clear the house for cash , including any objects of value ; or by offering solace in exchange for cash or fees .
they have devious ways of making money from bereaved people 's misery , whether by knocking on the door after a death , offering to clear the house for cash , including any objects of value ; or by offering [comfort] in exchange for cash or fees .

He went off bewildered and hurt and she knew it was quite likely he would seek solace elsewhere .
he went off bewildered and hurt and she knew it was quite likely he would seek [comfort] elsewhere .

For mutual solace , locally-hired Americans and Europeans banded together five years ago in the Kaisha ( company ) Society .
for mutual [comfort] , locally-hired americans and europeans banded together five years ago in the kaisha ( company ) society .

Jane found solace in the humour and support of the local people : Davyd , Meryvn , the clever Henry , aged sixty-eight but very spry , who had run away to sea at fifteen , and did everything so well and systematically — shipshape , in fact .
jane found [comfort] in the humour and support of the local people : davyd , meryvn , the clever henry , aged sixty-eight but very spry , who had run away to sea at fifteen , and did everything so well and systematically — shipshape , in fact .

Even music , which had always been her ultimate solace , failed to take her mind off him .
even music , which had always been her ultimate [comfort] , failed to take her mind off him .

Anthony Tory , prevented from partnering Docklands Express by injury , was next on , seeking solace .
anthony tory , prevented from partnering docklands express by injury , was next on , seeking [comfort] .

But so did they : friends were for fun and solace .
but so did they : friends were for fun and [comfort] .

In its fulfilment Leonard found solace from the angst which gnawed at his soul , a sublime escape from the rigorous demands imposed upon him .
in its fulfilment leonard found [comfort] from the angst which gnawed at his soul , a sublime escape from the rigorous demands imposed upon him .

The church not only provided solace and comfort in those long years , but also a vigorous identity which enabled its people to hold up their heads amid the persecution and oppression .
the church not only provided [comfort] and comfort in those long years , but also a vigorous identity which enabled its people to hold up their heads amid the persecution and oppression .

It seems that we must similarly accept the quoted 3,000 poisoning deaths and 100,000 hospitalizations per year from barbiturate overdose , because the industry contributes £168 million each year in exports … Meanwhile , we the wise , to quote Erving Goffman ( 1963 ) are allowed increasing manpower to pursue the cannabis/hallucinogenic using folk devil and to present the incompetent and the inept from the hippie element to the courts and the public for their solace ; and to assure them that drug taking is being stamped out .
it seems that we must similarly accept the quoted 3,000 poisoning deaths and 100,000 hospitalizations per year from barbiturate overdose , because the industry contributes £168 million each year in exports … meanwhile , we the wise , to quote erving goffman ( 1963 ) are allowed increasing manpower to pursue the cannabis/hallucinogenic using folk devil and to present the incompetent and the inept from the hippie element to the courts and the public for their [comfort] ; and to assure them that drug taking is being stamped out .

The Special Squads were the Nazis ' ‘ most demonic crime ’ , representing ‘ an attempt to shift on to others — specifically the victims — the burden of guilt , so that they were deprived even of the solace of innocence ’ .
the special squads were the nazis ' ‘ most demonic crime ’ , representing ‘ an attempt to shift on to others — specifically the victims — the burden of guilt , so that they were deprived even of the [comfort] of innocence ’ .

But it will probably be around the time of the Full Moon on the 14th that you decide enough is enough and when you realise that success , solace or excitement can only be found in a different setting .
but it will probably be around the time of the full moon on the 14th that you decide enough is enough and when you realise that success , [comfort] or excitement can only be found in a different setting .

It is as if you could read in them simultaneously transcriptions of inducement , threat , coercion , protection , solace , yearning and resistance .
it is as if you could read in them simultaneously transcriptions of inducement , threat , coercion , protection , [comfort] , yearning and resistance .

And then there were his own two shops that brought a little solace to the lives of both rich and poor .
and then there were his own two shops that brought a little [comfort] to the lives of both rich and poor .

Jeremy Taylor 's The Rule and Exercise of Holy Dying ( 1651 ) continued to be a well-loved book of solace and meditation throughout the nineteenth century ; seven editions were published by Pickerings , and Rivingtons brought out a new edition as late as 1889 .
jeremy taylor 's the rule and exercise of holy dying ( 1651 ) continued to be a well-loved book of [comfort] and meditation throughout the nineteenth century ; seven editions were published by pickerings , and rivingtons brought out a new edition as late as 1889 .

Patrick had been company , tending him had been a solace , hoping for him had been a hope .
patrick had been company , tending him had been a [comfort] , hoping for him had been a hope .

The old woman , despair in her eyes , broke down in tears , seeking solace on her son-in-law 's shoulder and unable to comprehend the ethnic divisions which are pitting neighbour against neighbour , family against family .
the old woman , despair in her eyes , broke down in tears , seeking [comfort] on her son-in-law 's shoulder and unable to comprehend the ethnic divisions which are pitting neighbour against neighbour , family against family .

Cricket : Richardson seeks solace in revenge
cricket : richardson seeks [comfort] in revenge

In the novel itself , where we might expect Marmeladov to speak of solace , respite , forgetting , companionship , he grasps the paradox that he drinks because he is in search of suffering , of ‘ tears and tribulation ’ .
in the novel itself , where we might expect marmeladov to speak of [comfort] , respite , forgetting , companionship , he grasps the paradox that he drinks because he is in search of suffering , of ‘ tears and tribulation ’ .

The anxious and the worried may seek solace outside the surgery .
the anxious and the worried may seek [comfort] outside the surgery .

George took to the hills and went to seek solace with his younger brother .
george took to the hills and went to seek [comfort] with his younger brother .

Was William a love child , kept in the background because of the embarrassment , or were most of the records of his existence obliterated after his untimely death , to give solace to a stern and autocratic murderess ?
was william a love child , kept in the background because of the embarrassment , or were most of the records of his existence obliterated after his untimely death , to give [comfort] to a stern and autocratic murderess ?

In Nice , as in Paris , he looked to the impersonal comfort of the café and the solace of red wine for his escape .
in nice , as in paris , he looked to the impersonal comfort of the café and the [comfort] of red wine for his escape .

The detainee can make a formal complaint after release , but this offers little solace to the aggrieved individual .
the detainee can make a formal complaint after release , but this offers little [comfort] to the aggrieved individual .

As soon as nightfall arrived , she found herself locking doors , shutting windows , and finding strange solace in being barred and bolted .
as soon as nightfall arrived , she found herself locking doors , shutting windows , and finding strange [comfort] in being barred and bolted .

In giving to their children what they felt they needed and did not have themselves , they obtain gratification and solace .
in giving to their children what they felt they needed and did not have themselves , they obtain gratification and [comfort] .

He soon learned to find solace on his own out of doors .
he soon learned to find [comfort] on his own out of doors .

The chief solace of Riah 's hard life is his quaint friendship with Jenny Wren , who calls him her ‘ fairy godmother ’ .
the chief [comfort] of riah 's hard life is his quaint friendship with jenny wren , who calls him her ‘ fairy godmother ’ .

Oliver , on my heels , was delivering them solace in pol Roger 's golden bubbles .
oliver , on my heels , was delivering them [comfort] in pol roger 's golden bubbles .

The Youngs , whose Slipperclub had finished third , were embraced by the hyperjoyous Unwins and were invited to their table , leaving the poor Flokatis to seek solace with others whose hopes had died on the last bend .
the youngs , whose slipperclub had finished third , were embraced by the hyperjoyous unwins and were invited to their table , leaving the poor flokatis to seek [comfort] with others whose hopes had died on the last bend .

While the short-term expediency of such a position may be understood in the light of the desperate state of access to inland waters in England and Wales , as paddlers we must never allow ourselves to give any solace to the polluters .
while the short-term expediency of such a position may be understood in the light of the desperate state of access to inland waters in england and wales , as paddlers we must never allow ourselves to give any [comfort] to the polluters .

If anything disastrous should happen to him , such as being dismissed from his job , the urge to seek solace in the whiskey bottle might be far stronger than his strength of will .
if anything disastrous should happen to him , such as being dismissed from his job , the urge to seek [comfort] in the whiskey bottle might be far stronger than his strength of will .

It is as though Wick is still waiting for the fishing to come back , drink no longer a fuel , but a solace .
it is as though wick is still waiting for the fishing to come back , drink no longer a fuel , but a [comfort] .

Out of this morass of doleful depression there came a bright ray of hope and a rhyming solace to the weary and dispirited housewives of the country in the person of Edna Jacques .
out of this morass of doleful depression there came a bright ray of hope and a rhyming [comfort] to the weary and dispirited housewives of the country in the person of edna jacques .

From them a new vision and emotion will emanate to solace the soul and give it joy .
from them a new vision and emotion will emanate to [comfort] the soul and give it joy .

In his words , “ Rasquachismo is brash and hybrid , sending shudders through the ranks of the elite who seek solace in less exuberant , more muted , and purer traditions .
in his words , “ rasquachismo is brash and hybrid , sending shudders through the ranks of the elite who seek [comfort] in less exuberant , more muted , and purer traditions .

It drew its power from religious claims about the humanity of all human beings , and its leaders found their solace in psalms and prayers .
it drew its power from religious claims about the humanity of all human beings , and its leaders found their [comfort] in psalms and prayers .

Faith in God and the higher law of revelation enables some people to confront the injustice they see around them ; it enables others to retreat and to find solace in their personal quest for salvation .
faith in god and the higher law of revelation enables some people to confront the injustice they see around them ; it enables others to retreat and to find [comfort] in their personal quest for salvation .

Here you can soak peacefully , slap on black Tiberias mud , be massaged by water jets , and seek solace in radioactive sulphur springs .
here you can soak peacefully , slap on black tiberias mud , be massaged by water jets , and seek [comfort] in radioactive sulphur springs .

Through natural disaster , war , and disease , the church has been there as a place of refuge and solace , both physically and spiritually .
through natural disaster , war , and disease , the church has been there as a place of refuge and [comfort] , both physically and spiritually .

In a land where daily toil can be hard and diversions few , festivals bring a combination of solace , gaiety , and confirmation of family ties , plus a bid for good fortune .
in a land where daily toil can be hard and diversions few , festivals bring a combination of [comfort] , gaiety , and confirmation of family ties , plus a bid for good fortune .

Disgraced princes and other noblemen were confined here , their only solace being the ruined 15th-century chapel adjacent .
disgraced princes and other noblemen were confined here , their only [comfort] being the ruined 15th-century chapel adjacent .

He slid into the water next to me and we bobbed up and down smiling and cruising , I trying to assure myself I was still cute and attractive , Ferd called upon to concentrate so long on one person that sexual desire snuck up on him unbidden -- in fact , he would later say , unpermitted in his job as director and animator of our clump of radical patients and victims , since a sexual liaison would reduce his availability to `` listen , handhold , inspire , cajole , hug , solace '' the others he thought in his care .
he slid into the water next to me and we bobbed up and down smiling and cruising , i trying to assure myself i was still cute and attractive , ferd called upon to concentrate so long on one person that sexual desire snuck up on him unbidden -- in fact , he would later say , unpermitted in his job as director and animator of our clump of radical patients and victims , since a sexual liaison would reduce his availability to `` listen , handhold , inspire , cajole , hug , [comfort] '' the others he thought in his care .

I went into McDonald 's , hoping to find solace in an order of Super-Size Fries .
i went into mcdonald 's , hoping to find [comfort] in an order of super-size fries .

The other cover story describes the survival strategies of high-school outcasts , who seek solace in computer games , camaraderie , and the occasional joint.. ... A profile of B. Smith touts her as the anti-Martha Stewart .
the other cover story describes the survival strategies of high-school outcasts , who seek [comfort] in computer games , camaraderie , and the occasional joint.. ... a profile of b. smith touts her as the anti-martha stewart .

It is inevitable that people thrown out of work or otherwise unsettled by the sweeping changes on the mainland should seek solace in some form of religious-like activity .
it is inevitable that people thrown out of work or otherwise unsettled by the sweeping changes on the mainland should seek [comfort] in some form of religious-like activity .

It gives solace to the `` off the grid '' crowd .
it gives [comfort] to the `` off the grid '' crowd .

Why the Republicans took solace in this retreat is a mystery : The 120-day limit ca n't be enforced , whereas a recess appointment would end next year .
why the republicans took [comfort] in this retreat is a mystery : the 120-day limit ca n't be enforced , whereas a recess appointment would end next year .

The death penalty/McVeigh cover story also concludes that executions do n't solace victims ' families .
the death penalty/mcveigh cover story also concludes that executions do n't [comfort] victims ' families .

Why not let Gore find solace in sandpiles ?
why not let gore find [comfort] in sandpiles ?

As for Net stocks in particular , they offer no solace to the scared investor who looks for reassurance when bad things -- like last week 's eBay outage , or the rumor about Microsoft offering free Net access -- happen .
as for net stocks in particular , they offer no [comfort] to the scared investor who looks for reassurance when bad things -- like last week 's ebay outage , or the rumor about microsoft offering free net access -- happen .

One surprise : The elderly are among e-mail 's most dedicated practitioners ; although initially daunted by technological bells and whistles , they find solace and community online .
one surprise : the elderly are among e-mail 's most dedicated practitioners ; although initially daunted by technological bells and whistles , they find [comfort] and community online .

Early in Shakespeare in Love , the narcissistic twit we are supposed to believe went on to write the greatest dramatic poetry in the language steps outside the theater to offer words of solace to a snaggletoothed urchin , originally slated to play Juliet , who has just been fired .
early in shakespeare in love , the narcissistic twit we are supposed to believe went on to write the greatest dramatic poetry in the language steps outside the theater to offer words of [comfort] to a snaggletoothed urchin , originally slated to play juliet , who has just been fired .

Solace is offered : story after story on how to supply your garden with what is ubiquitously referred to as `` winter interest . ''
[comfort] is offered : story after story on how to supply your garden with what is ubiquitously referred to as `` winter interest . ''

In the case to which you refer , the young lady deserves a face-to-face meeting , an apology , and whatever solace can be offered .
in the case to which you refer , the young lady deserves a face-to-face meeting , an apology , and whatever [comfort] can be offered .

What I want is great solace and a little love , that 's all I want . ''
what i want is great [comfort] and a little love , that 's all i want . ''

The WP predicts the summit will yield `` psychic solace but little tangible assistance . ''
the wp predicts the summit will yield `` psychic [comfort] but little tangible assistance . ''

Newt Gingrich for one foresees no psychic solace : he tells the NYT that Clinton 's trip is `` imprudent '' considering Russia 's current state .
newt gingrich for one foresees no psychic [comfort] : he tells the nyt that clinton 's trip is `` imprudent '' considering russia 's current state .

