George Simon , exec director of Danny Thomas A. L. S. A. C. ( Aiding Leukemia Stricken American Children ) fund raising group , filled me in on the low-down phonies who are using phones to solicit funds for Danny's St. Jude hospital in Memphis .
george simon , exec director of danny thomas a. l. s. a. c. ( aiding leukemia stricken american children ) fund raising group , filled me in on the low-down phonies who are using phones to [ask for] funds for danny's st. jude hospital in memphis .

Do n't solicit for money .
do n't [ask for] for money .

Baboons have a gesture for soliciting help from others : packer showed that those individuals which most frequently responded to solicitations from others are also those most likely to receive help when they solicit .
baboons have a gesture for soliciting help from others : packer showed that those individuals which most frequently responded to solicitations from others are also those most likely to receive help when they [ask for] .

did loiter ( or solicit )
did loiter ( or [ask for] )

‘ did loiter ( or solicit ) ’ Two police officers will keep observations for prostitutes and to prove this point their evidence should contain words to the effect that ‘ the accused walked slowly up and down High Street five times stopping and talking to several men .
‘ did loiter ( or [ask for] ) ’ two police officers will keep observations for prostitutes and to prove this point their evidence should contain words to the effect that ‘ the accused walked slowly up and down high street five times stopping and talking to several men .

The employee would not , for six months after termination of employment , solicit custom from any person who may have been a company client during the employment .
the employee would not , for six months after termination of employment , [ask for] custom from any person who may have been a company client during the employment .

Investment firms solicit bids for a new issue at indicative prices and then , when their book is complete , price and sell the issue in a single day .
investment firms [ask for] bids for a new issue at indicative prices and then , when their book is complete , price and sell the issue in a single day .

On the other hand , should a change take place in the Administration , opportunities were created for those who were not established in the ministerial waiting list , and pressure could be increased upon the member of parliament to actively solicit preferment for his own constituents .
on the other hand , should a change take place in the administration , opportunities were created for those who were not established in the ministerial waiting list , and pressure could be increased upon the member of parliament to actively [ask for] preferment for his own constituents .

Stirling of Craigbarnet , an impoverished member of an important regional family , was the first to solicit support for his attempt to displace Kirkton , and Craigbarnet and his relatives were friends of the Montrose political interest and therefore dangerous to offend .
stirling of craigbarnet , an impoverished member of an important regional family , was the first to [ask for] support for his attempt to displace kirkton , and craigbarnet and his relatives were friends of the montrose political interest and therefore dangerous to offend .

Montrose was hard pressed to draft a reply to Lord Elphinstone , and in fact the duke took refuge in a claim of ill-health to excuse his failure to solicit his friend 's attendance at the meeting of the commissioners of supply on 17th May , 1747 .
montrose was hard pressed to draft a reply to lord elphinstone , and in fact the duke took refuge in a claim of ill-health to excuse his failure to [ask for] his friend 's attendance at the meeting of the commissioners of supply on 17th may , 1747 .

Although a monarchist deputation did visit Mussolini in March 1934 to solicit help in a possible future rising , little practical as distinct from rhetorical assistance was forthcoming .
although a monarchist deputation did visit mussolini in march 1934 to [ask for] help in a possible future rising , little practical as distinct from rhetorical assistance was forthcoming .

First , it enables the professional to solicit the hidden voices : the motivations and barriers to the learning process and to becoming involved in community change .
first , it enables the professional to [ask for] the hidden voices : the motivations and barriers to the learning process and to becoming involved in community change .

This stimulates the ant to lean over , a posture usually employed to solicit grooming from a nestmate .
this stimulates the ant to lean over , a posture usually employed to [ask for] grooming from a nestmate .

While marriage represented the only means to a livelihood for a majority of middle class women , most of whom were but poorly educated , it was nevertheless not ‘ done ’ for a young woman to solicit male attention . In 1897 Mona Caird vividly outlined the social dilemma of the woman forced to marry for a living :
while marriage represented the only means to a livelihood for a majority of middle class women , most of whom were but poorly educated , it was nevertheless not ‘ done ’ for a young woman to [ask for] male attention . in 1897 mona caird vividly outlined the social dilemma of the woman forced to marry for a living :

The increased closure of brothels as a result of this drive forced poorer women to solicit in the open , where they were subjected to police harassment .
the increased closure of brothels as a result of this drive forced poorer women to [ask for] in the open , where they were subjected to police harassment .

‘ But must we use that word , solicit ?
‘ but must we use that word , [ask for] ?

Certainly it had no need to solicit public support .
certainly it had no need to [ask for] public support .

Others gather in Parque Colón in the centre of the city to solicit .
others gather in parque colón in the centre of the city to [ask for] .

Many of these are women who work during the day and solicit at night in order to earn a bit more money .
many of these are women who work during the day and [ask for] at night in order to earn a bit more money .

where corporate information is revealed legitimately to an underwriter , accountant , lawyer , or consultant working for the corporation , these outsiders may become fiduciaries of the shareholders … [ they do not actively solicit or acquire inside information ] but rather they have entered into a special confidential relationship in the conduct of the business of the enterprise and are given access to information solely for corporate purposes .
where corporate information is revealed legitimately to an underwriter , accountant , lawyer , or consultant working for the corporation , these outsiders may become fiduciaries of the shareholders … [ they do not actively [ask for] or acquire inside information ] but rather they have entered into a special confidential relationship in the conduct of the business of the enterprise and are given access to information solely for corporate purposes .

It has been suggested that during the last four years of his reign Charles `` at last emerged as an unfettered sovereign `` , and that `` instead of having to solicit the support of his subjects , he now commanded their obedience `` .
it has been suggested that during the last four years of his reign charles `` at last emerged as an unfettered sovereign `` , and that `` instead of having to [ask for] the support of his subjects , he now commanded their obedience `` .

They can be bare records of numbers and events or they can be windows on a living school and most heads will be able to think of ways in which reports can be used to enrich governor perceptions , prompt good questions and solicit positive advice and support as soon as they have made a breakthrough into a sense of their responsibility for creating a favourable climate .
they can be bare records of numbers and events or they can be windows on a living school and most heads will be able to think of ways in which reports can be used to enrich governor perceptions , prompt good questions and [ask for] positive advice and support as soon as they have made a breakthrough into a sense of their responsibility for creating a favourable climate .

Application forms and pre-employment questionnaires frequently solicit the medical history of applicants and may be used to reach employment decisions which disadvantage persons with disabilities .
application forms and pre-employment questionnaires frequently [ask for] the medical history of applicants and may be used to reach employment decisions which disadvantage persons with disabilities .

Those who wish to be appointed must somehow solicit the good opinion of the prime minister 's appointments secretary .
those who wish to be appointed must somehow [ask for] the good opinion of the prime minister 's appointments secretary .

He called meetings to solicit their views and thus began his own experiments with what was effectively community architecture .
he called meetings to [ask for] their views and thus began his own experiments with what was effectively community architecture .

Mid you know , ’ he asked Phil , who had been trying to solicit his help all morning in the writing of a very important letter , ‘ That cancer can start as a little discoloration — even a tiny wart or mole ?
mid you know , ’ he asked phil , who had been trying to [ask for] his help all morning in the writing of a very important letter , ‘ that cancer can start as a little discoloration — even a tiny wart or mole ?

Ralph strives to address ‘ the high heid yins of Russia ’ to solicit news of the family , and receives his letter back from the Embassy in London , stamped : ‘ Communication not permitted .
ralph strives to address ‘ the high heid yins of russia ’ to [ask for] news of the family , and receives his letter back from the embassy in london , stamped : ‘ communication not permitted .

Tips are an obvious source of additional income , although porters must be careful not to solicit them .
tips are an obvious source of additional income , although porters must be careful not to [ask for] them .

Mall operators argue that the Sally Army must be banned , or the precedent would allow a flood of other charitable panhandlers to invade their territory , and solicit a little of the money which should by rights be the monopoly of the retailers .
mall operators argue that the sally army must be banned , or the precedent would allow a flood of other charitable panhandlers to invade their territory , and [ask for] a little of the money which should by rights be the monopoly of the retailers .

‘ Every person who shall by himself or by or in conjunction with any other person , corruptly solicit or receive , for himself , or for any other person , any gift , loan , fee , reward , or advantage whatever as an inducement to , or reward for , or otherwise on account of any member … of a public body … doing or forbearing to do anything in respect of any matter or transaction whatsoever , actual or proposed , in which such public body is concerned shall be guilty of a misdemeanour . ’
‘ every person who shall by himself or by or in conjunction with any other person , corruptly [ask for] or receive , for himself , or for any other person , any gift , loan , fee , reward , or advantage whatever as an inducement to , or reward for , or otherwise on account of any member … of a public body … doing or forbearing to do anything in respect of any matter or transaction whatsoever , actual or proposed , in which such public body is concerned shall be guilty of a misdemeanour . ’

At meetings in May 1788 , March and June 1789 , the Odiham Society , in its leisurely way , resolved to advertise its intention to educate two or more boys ‘ at the great School of Farriery in the neighbourhood of Paris , where children from every part of Europe are taught the business of Farriery scientifically and practically , and solicit the contributions of the Public at large ’ .
at meetings in may 1788 , march and june 1789 , the odiham society , in its leisurely way , resolved to advertise its intention to educate two or more boys ‘ at the great school of farriery in the neighbourhood of paris , where children from every part of europe are taught the business of farriery scientifically and practically , and [ask for] the contributions of the public at large ’ .

‘ Feeling the necessity that exists for a better regulation in the management of our profession and for a more organised system of educating and examining its practitioners , we have condensed in the annexed Petition the principal substance of our wants and to which we most humbly but most anxiously solicit your Lordship 's kind attention ’ .
‘ feeling the necessity that exists for a better regulation in the management of our profession and for a more organised system of educating and examining its practitioners , we have condensed in the annexed petition the principal substance of our wants and to which we most humbly but most anxiously [ask for] your lordship 's kind attention ’ .

Feedback is easier to accept if you can do something constructive once you have got it ; if you know how to develop yourself , you are more likely to welcome feedback when it is offered and also more likely to solicit it actively .
feedback is easier to accept if you can do something constructive once you have got it ; if you know how to develop yourself , you are more likely to welcome feedback when it is offered and also more likely to [ask for] it actively .

Females often try to escape from the alpha male 's vigilance , and will go up to the beta male and solicit copulation .
females often try to escape from the alpha male 's vigilance , and will go up to the beta male and [ask for] copulation .

President Reagan and his advisers want to loosen the government 's hold on satellites ; hence the instructions to McElroy to solicit tenders from companies to take over the craft that his organisation now operates .
president reagan and his advisers want to loosen the government 's hold on satellites ; hence the instructions to mcelroy to [ask for] tenders from companies to take over the craft that his organisation now operates .

Yet the Laboulbeniales seem a likely group to solicit as mercenaries against our arthropod adversaries , so why have they been ignored as potential agents of biological control ?
yet the laboulbeniales seem a likely group to [ask for] as mercenaries against our arthropod adversaries , so why have they been ignored as potential agents of biological control ?

They no doubt see it as an incentive to do well for their client , and here in the free market lawyers solicit not only in court but in the newspapers , offering $ 95 divorces and other cut price rates .
they no doubt see it as an incentive to do well for their client , and here in the free market lawyers [ask for] not only in court but in the newspapers , offering $ 95 divorces and other cut price rates .

The Federal Highway Administration requires executives to use 360-degree feedback instruments to solicit employee views on their leadership skills and then incorporate action items into their performance plans for the next fiscal year .
the federal highway administration requires executives to use 360-degree feedback instruments to [ask for] employee views on their leadership skills and then incorporate action items into their performance plans for the next fiscal year .

In addition , FHWA requires senior executives to use 360-degree feedback instruments to solicit employee views on the executives ' leadership skills and then incorporate action items into their individual performance plans based on the results .
in addition , fhwa requires senior executives to use 360-degree feedback instruments to [ask for] employee views on the executives ' leadership skills and then incorporate action items into their individual performance plans based on the results .

To create an environment in which knowledge is managed , shared , and used effectively , FHWA encourages its senior executives to use organizational selfassessments to solicit employee perspectives and gauge their employees ' work environment .
to create an environment in which knowledge is managed , shared , and used effectively , fhwa encourages its senior executives to use organizational selfassessments to [ask for] employee perspectives and gauge their employees ' work environment .

Further , the senior executive plans to ensure that territory managers solicit feedback from customers on their treatment during these activities and identify specific reasons for any customer dissatisfaction .
further , the senior executive plans to ensure that territory managers [ask for] feedback from customers on their treatment during these activities and identify specific reasons for any customer dissatisfaction .

Make Meaningful Distinctions in Performance To help meet their employee perspective performance expectations , FHWA requires senior executives to use 360-degree feedback instruments to solicit employee views on their leadership skills .
make meaningful distinctions in performance to help meet their employee perspective performance expectations , fhwa requires senior executives to use 360-degree feedback instruments to [ask for] employee views on their leadership skills .

Accordingly , sections 203 and 204 of the Act , which require agencies to consult with small governments and solicit input from State , local , and tribal governments , are also inapplicable .
accordingly , sections 203 and 204 of the act , which require agencies to consult with small governments and [ask for] input from state , local , and tribal governments , are also inapplicable .

In addition , organizations had to solicit new members to stay at their chartered number and to keep an influx of new ideas .
in addition , organizations had to [ask for] new members to stay at their chartered number and to keep an influx of new ideas .

The solicitation document used in negotiatedRequest for procurements to communicate governmentProposals ( RFP ) requirements and to solicit proposals .
the solicitation document used in negotiatedrequest for procurements to communicate governmentproposals ( rfp ) requirements and to [ask for] proposals .

GAO will usually not solicit agency comments if a report summarizes information from a recently issued GAO report .
gao will usually not [ask for] agency comments if a report summarizes information from a recently issued gao report .

One plausible reason is that the differences are the result of how states solicit returns , monitor compliance , and penalize failure to file .
one plausible reason is that the differences are the result of how states [ask for] returns , monitor compliance , and penalize failure to file .

Accordingly , sections 203 and 204 of the act , which require agencies to consult with small governments and solicit input from State , local , and tribal governments , are also inapplicable .
accordingly , sections 203 and 204 of the act , which require agencies to consult with small governments and [ask for] input from state , local , and tribal governments , are also inapplicable .

Five of the 26 studies are contingent valuation ( CV ) studies , which directly solicit WTP information from subjects ; the rest are wage-risk studies , which base WTP estimates on estimates of the additional compensation demanded in the labor market for riskier jobs , controlling for other job and employee characteristics such as education and experience .
five of the 26 studies are contingent valuation ( cv ) studies , which directly [ask for] wtp information from subjects ; the rest are wage-risk studies , which base wtp estimates on estimates of the additional compensation demanded in the labor market for riskier jobs , controlling for other job and employee characteristics such as education and experience .

We know , for example , that Roadway Package Service , at least initially , did not solicit mail for residences and that UPS charges extra for addresses designated as residential .
we know , for example , that roadway package service , at least initially , did not [ask for] mail for residences and that ups charges extra for addresses designated as residential .

PLoS Biology will continue to solicit and publish such articles , but we will bring them—and similar ones published elsewhere—to the attention of the readers of PLoS Medicine .
plos biology will continue to [ask for] and publish such articles , but we will bring them—and similar ones published elsewhere—to the attention of the readers of plos medicine .

The LAT business front reports that that Disney Internet executive who was arrested a few months ago by the FBI on charges of using the Internet to solicit sex from a minor has a defense ready to go for his trial this week .
the lat business front reports that that disney internet executive who was arrested a few months ago by the fbi on charges of using the internet to [ask for] sex from a minor has a defense ready to go for his trial this week .

Rather than prohibit the solicitation of campaign contributions at federal buildings , the Hatch Act should be amended to designate these `` hallowed places '' as the only sites at which a candidate may solicit or accept a campaign contribution .
rather than prohibit the solicitation of campaign contributions at federal buildings , the hatch act should be amended to designate these `` hallowed places '' as the only sites at which a candidate may [ask for] or accept a campaign contribution .

Two interesting notes : 1 ) Gore was asked to solicit money from FedEx Chairman Frederick Smith , and was briefed with a memo noting that the administration `` has been very responsive to his company . ''
two interesting notes : 1 ) gore was asked to [ask for] money from fedex chairman frederick smith , and was briefed with a memo noting that the administration `` has been very responsive to his company . ''

It will contain whatever news scooplets , insights , and reflections Deputy Editor Jack Shafer can either solicit from Slate 's staff and readers or , if necessary , download from his own head .
it will contain whatever news scooplets , insights , and reflections deputy editor jack shafer can either [ask for] from slate 's staff and readers or , if necessary , download from his own head .

The tapes could shed light on a question investigators have been looking into for some time : Did President Clinton and/or Vice-President Gore actively solicit contributions inside the White House ?
the tapes could shed light on a question investigators have been looking into for some time : did president clinton and/or vice-president gore actively [ask for] contributions inside the white house ?

Ex-Rep. Dan Hamburg describes his campaign fund-raising experiences , revealing that congressmen solicit contributions from their offices all the time and frequently do favors for contributors ( surely not ! ) .
ex-rep. dan hamburg describes his campaign fund-raising experiences , revealing that congressmen [ask for] contributions from their offices all the time and frequently do favors for contributors ( surely not ! ) .

In a pitiless review in a recent New York Times Book Review , novelist Kathryn Harrison wrote that Farrow exaggerates the emotional damage wrought by an early bout with polio , unfairly vilifies Allen , and tries to `` solicit sympathy in the court of public opinion . ''
in a pitiless review in a recent new york times book review , novelist kathryn harrison wrote that farrow exaggerates the emotional damage wrought by an early bout with polio , unfairly vilifies allen , and tries to `` [ask for] sympathy in the court of public opinion . ''

It is easy to imagine that an Internet movement could spring up to oppose , for example , Vermont 's gay-marriage ruling : A drive targeted at conservatives could collect thousands of electronic petitions in no time and solicit contributions for anti-gay marriage politicians .
it is easy to imagine that an internet movement could spring up to oppose , for example , vermont 's gay-marriage ruling : a drive targeted at conservatives could collect thousands of electronic petitions in no time and [ask for] contributions for anti-gay marriage politicians .

Vintners in Bordeaux now solicit the advice of Australian producers .
vintners in bordeaux now [ask for] the advice of australian producers .

John Huang will plead guilty to conspiring to solicit illegal contributions to the Democratic National Committee .
john huang will plead guilty to conspiring to [ask for] illegal contributions to the democratic national committee .

Steele is a divorced single mom ( and grandmother ) who has had to set up a Web site to solicit money for her `` defense fund . ''
steele is a divorced single mom ( and grandmother ) who has had to set up a web site to [ask for] money for her `` defense fund . ''

The newsweeklies reconstruct the Littleton massacre and solicit expert opinions on why it happened .
the newsweeklies reconstruct the littleton massacre and [ask for] expert opinions on why it happened .

McCain-Feingold says that federal office holders and national party leaders ca n't solicit soft-money contributions to state parties in order to evade the limits on hard-money contributions -- as they did so bountifully in 1996 .
mccain-feingold says that federal office holders and national party leaders ca n't [ask for] soft-money contributions to state parties in order to evade the limits on hard-money contributions -- as they did so bountifully in 1996 .

No wonder , according to today 's Post , which , based on documents possessed by Senate investigators , reveals that between November 1995 and May 1996 , Gore spoke to at least 46 people from his White House office to solicit individual contributions to the DNC of between $ 25,000 and $ 100,000 .
no wonder , according to today 's post , which , based on documents possessed by senate investigators , reveals that between november 1995 and may 1996 , gore spoke to at least 46 people from his white house office to [ask for] individual contributions to the dnc of between $ 25,000 and $ 100,000 .

This all happened after Clinton was advised in a DNC memo to call Smith personally to solicit a contribution .
this all happened after clinton was advised in a dnc memo to call smith personally to [ask for] a contribution .

Nothing exposes the sham at the heart of the campaign-finance hearings like the obsession over what type of phone was used to solicit contributions .
nothing exposes the sham at the heart of the campaign-finance hearings like the obsession over what type of phone was used to [ask for] contributions .

In his book on Henry Kissinger , Walter Isaacson recounts how the diplomat would summon reporters for supposedly intimate discussions and solicit their opinions .
in his book on henry kissinger , walter isaacson recounts how the diplomat would summon reporters for supposedly intimate discussions and [ask for] their opinions .

For example , a national party committee could still coordinate the fund-raising efforts of the various state parties and exchange information , as long as it did not solicit or direct contributions to those state parties .
for example , a national party committee could still coordinate the fund-raising efforts of the various state parties and exchange information , as long as it did not [ask for] or direct contributions to those state parties .

It is the first citation in the OED Supplement , Volume 4 ( 1986 ) , which defines the word as a “ TV program lasting several hours , especially to solicit contributions , ” coined by analogy from marathon .
it is the first citation in the oed supplement , volume 4 ( 1986 ) , which defines the word as a “ tv program lasting several hours , especially to [ask for] contributions , ” coined by analogy from marathon .

