The specification of the state of the process stream ; ;
the [instruction] of the state of the process stream ; ;

The specification of the operating variables and the transformation they effect ; ;
the [instruction] of the operating variables and the transformation they effect ; ;

The specification of the objective function of which the optimization is desired .
the [instruction] of the objective function of which the optimization is desired .

Also , see how many of the vitamins are included in the specification .
also , see how many of the vitamins are included in the [instruction] .

brand new specification .
brand new [instruction] .

And that 's like an old specification tarted up to sell a few extra cars .
and that 's like an old [instruction] tarted up to sell a few extra cars .

Well here 's the specification , length , Escort four two six eight so it 's about two point three , sorry two hundred and thirty millimetres longer , so it 's less than a foot
well here 's the [instruction] , length , escort four two six eight so it 's about two point three , sorry two hundred and thirty millimetres longer , so it 's less than a foot

However , at the Secret Life of the Fax Machine exhibition which opens at the Science Museum in London today , Bain 's patent specification will be on display along with a drawing of how it would have worked by the cartoonist Tim Hunkin , who uncovered the 1843 patent .
however , at the secret life of the fax machine exhibition which opens at the science museum in london today , bain 's patent [instruction] will be on display along with a drawing of how it would have worked by the cartoonist tim hunkin , who uncovered the 1843 patent .

Heifers are averaging 120p and bulls , which just 12 months ago were condemned as being outside the specification of the domestic supermarkets , have recovered all their lost ground to level at 122p .
heifers are averaging 120p and bulls , which just 12 months ago were condemned as being outside the [instruction] of the domestic supermarkets , have recovered all their lost ground to level at 122p .

‘ After being approached by several manufacturing companies it became obvious that the manufacturing aspect to our business could be handled by others , leaving us free to concentrate on our core business the design , specification and installation side . ’
‘ after being approached by several manufacturing companies it became obvious that the manufacturing aspect to our business could be handled by others , leaving us free to concentrate on our core business the design , [instruction] and installation side . ’

On his second , at Phoenix , Arizona , Mansell lapped two-tenths of a second faster than anyone had gone before — and on race specification tyres rather than the softer , short-lived qualifying type used by the previous fastest .
on his second , at phoenix , arizona , mansell lapped two-tenths of a second faster than anyone had gone before — and on race [instruction] tyres rather than the softer , short-lived qualifying type used by the previous fastest .

It allows specification of a range of treatment measures and the commission , in its monitoring of patients on leave of absence , tries to ensure in each case that an appropriate range of services is provided .
it allows [instruction] of a range of treatment measures and the commission , in its monitoring of patients on leave of absence , tries to ensure in each case that an appropriate range of services is provided .

Both Rover and Honda cars have a specification which includes electric windows and powered , heated door mirrors .
both rover and honda cars have a [instruction] which includes electric windows and powered , heated door mirrors .

The design was largely of his own specification and the trophy is in the form of an oblong casket resting on four miniature wooden bowls .
the design was largely of his own [instruction] and the trophy is in the form of an oblong casket resting on four miniature wooden bowls .

The Specification will be available for purchase on payment of £100 , non-returnable .
the [instruction] will be available for purchase on payment of £100 , non-returnable .

Cleveland County , Middlesbrough and Hartlepool Borough councils have been instrumental in devising a computer specification which has been adopted by the government as its national standard .
cleveland county , middlesbrough and hartlepool borough councils have been instrumental in devising a computer [instruction] which has been adopted by the government as its national standard .

The three councils were part of a consortium of 12 local authorities formed last year to prepare a joint specification of the requirements for a council tax computer system .
the three councils were part of a consortium of 12 local authorities formed last year to prepare a joint [instruction] of the requirements for a council tax computer system .

The resolution sent to council 's contracts sub-committee says the governors are concerned ‘ that several aspects of the specification for the cleaning of the school have not been fulfilled since the award of the contract and the meeting date ’ .
the resolution sent to council 's contracts sub-committee says the governors are concerned ‘ that several aspects of the [instruction] for the cleaning of the school have not been fulfilled since the award of the contract and the meeting date ’ .

What this means in practice is that through these schemes , monthly repayments are considerably reduced , which means customers save money or can afford a higher specification model if they wish .
what this means in practice is that through these schemes , monthly repayments are considerably reduced , which means customers save money or can afford a higher [instruction] model if they wish .

It is similar to other schemes in allowing customers to reduce their monthly repayments in comparison to outright purchase or choosing a higher specification car than they could normally afford .
it is similar to other schemes in allowing customers to reduce their monthly repayments in comparison to outright purchase or choosing a higher [instruction] car than they could normally afford .

‘ The glass at CastleCourt is laminated and made to the highest specification .
‘ the glass at castlecourt is laminated and made to the highest [instruction] .

’ And , claims Campion , there were only minor differences in the specification of Fisher 's Subaru and those used by Richard Burns and Alister McRae .
’ and , claims campion , there were only minor differences in the [instruction] of fisher 's subaru and those used by richard burns and alister mcrae .

Another Astra change is the upgrading of specification on the 1 .
another astra change is the upgrading of [instruction] on the 1 .

Also on specification , all
also on [instruction] , all

With the features introduced so far , we still do not have complete distinctiveness for all vowels : and , for example , are identical in feature specification so far , as are and , and , and .
with the features introduced so far , we still do not have complete distinctiveness for all vowels : and , for example , are identical in feature [instruction] so far , as are and , and , and .

‘ Its combination of performance , quality engineering , specification and economy will win customers away from competitive models and attract buyers who are considering diesel for the first time , ’ he said .
‘ its combination of performance , quality engineering , [instruction] and economy will win customers away from competitive models and attract buyers who are considering diesel for the first time , ’ he said .

High-grade specification of each home includes double glazing , gas central heating , fully-fitted kitchen with split-level oven and hob , utility room , downstairs cloakroom and landscaped gardens .
high-grade [instruction] of each home includes double glazing , gas central heating , fully-fitted kitchen with split-level oven and hob , utility room , downstairs cloakroom and landscaped gardens .

Damman , Saudi Arabia : Both International Paint Saudi Arabia and International Paint ( Gulf ) have taken delivery of high specification Hyster forklift trucks designed to cope with difficult environments .
damman , saudi arabia : both international paint saudi arabia and international paint ( gulf ) have taken delivery of high [instruction] hyster forklift trucks designed to cope with difficult environments .

The problem with such ladder filters is that , in general , each section loads the preceding one with a different impedance making it difficult to predict the overall performance of the ladder or to design a ladder to meet a given specification .
the problem with such ladder filters is that , in general , each section loads the preceding one with a different impedance making it difficult to predict the overall performance of the ladder or to design a ladder to meet a given [instruction] .

Although real operational amplifiers can never provide such properties , a modern operational amplifier formed within a single chip of silicon comes impressively close to meeting the ideal specification .
although real operational amplifiers can never provide such properties , a modern operational amplifier formed within a single chip of silicon comes impressively close to meeting the ideal [instruction] .

The ‘ Maranyl ’ business manufactures high specification engineering plastics for the automotive , electrical and domestic appliance industries .
the ‘ maranyl ’ business manufactures high [instruction] engineering plastics for the automotive , electrical and domestic appliance industries .

‘ We were also able to change the specification of one of our products in a way that is beneficial for them and for us and has taken several hundred thousand pounds of cost out of the combined operations .
‘ we were also able to change the [instruction] of one of our products in a way that is beneficial for them and for us and has taken several hundred thousand pounds of cost out of the combined operations .

This may result in a product specification being drawn up in which the sales engineers may have an influence .
this may result in a product [instruction] being drawn up in which the sales engineers may have an influence .

It is obviously to their benefit that the specification reflects the strengths and capabilities of their products rather than competition .
it is obviously to their benefit that the [instruction] reflects the strengths and capabilities of their products rather than competition .

The product — its specification , optional extras .
the product — its [instruction] , optional extras .

‘ As a customer ourselves , we 're finding that the specification of raw material requirements , defining what we want when we want it , plays an increasingly important part in our whole quality approach .
‘ as a customer ourselves , we 're finding that the [instruction] of raw material requirements , defining what we want when we want it , plays an increasingly important part in our whole quality approach .

‘ As a customer ourselves , we 're finding that the specification of raw material requirements , defining what we want when we want it , plays an increasingly important part in our whole quality approach . ’
‘ as a customer ourselves , we 're finding that the [instruction] of raw material requirements , defining what we want when we want it , plays an increasingly important part in our whole quality approach . ’

Changes in specification
changes in [instruction]

We 've got to take that specification thing with us this morning , it will might help
we 've got to take that [instruction] thing with us this morning , it will might help

Regarding the question of pole pieces , there should be little or no difference in performance between pickups ( of identical specification ) fitted with Allen head screws , compared to those fitted with slot head screws .
regarding the question of pole pieces , there should be little or no difference in performance between pickups ( of identical [instruction] ) fitted with allen head screws , compared to those fitted with slot head screws .

Again , though , this was customer specification .
again , though , this was customer [instruction] .

The final specification for our board relates to the mounting hardware for the board .
the final [instruction] for our board relates to the mounting hardware for the board .

Bear in mind the specification we drew up earlier , so that hot components are not too close to other parts , mains-voltage parts are all grouped together where possible , etc .
bear in mind the [instruction] we drew up earlier , so that hot components are not too close to other parts , mains-voltage parts are all grouped together where possible , etc .

Self-build is the cheapest way to get a dream home to your own specification .
self-build is the cheapest way to get a dream home to your own [instruction] .

Practically unique letter specification was obtained from only the downstrokes of the writing , and there is other evidence to suggest that most of the information in cursive writing is in the downward portions of the writing .
practically unique letter [instruction] was obtained from only the downstrokes of the writing , and there is other evidence to suggest that most of the information in cursive writing is in the downward portions of the writing .

This is a theoretical entity that contains a specification of the word 's defining characteristics .
this is a theoretical entity that contains a [instruction] of the word 's defining characteristics .

They should also have details of the objectives set for them plus a specification of what the company sees as an ideal candidate .
they should also have details of the objectives set for them plus a [instruction] of what the company sees as an ideal candidate .

Any specification drawn up should not deal with technical/academic qualifications and/or experience alone .
any [instruction] drawn up should not deal with technical/academic qualifications and/or experience alone .

That 's why they 're taking so long over the job specification .
that 's why they 're taking so long over the job [instruction] .

She said : ‘ You do n't need a written job specification to know what they 're looking for .
she said : ‘ you do n't need a written job [instruction] to know what they 're looking for .

Colour index names and numbers are included , along with specification on each pigment 's compatibility with differing media ( oil , watercolour , etc ) .
colour index names and numbers are included , along with [instruction] on each pigment 's compatibility with differing media ( oil , watercolour , etc ) .

On both sides of the border there is a clear government commitment to the development of curriculum guidelines , and the specification of curriculum objectives and content in each subject area , all of which will require the approval of a central government agency .
on both sides of the border there is a clear government commitment to the development of curriculum guidelines , and the [instruction] of curriculum objectives and content in each subject area , all of which will require the approval of a central government agency .

Now that SunSoft has committed to new Solaris releases every six months , the features requirement list for each release closes some six months before the final code specification and the release date are fixed .
now that sunsoft has committed to new solaris releases every six months , the features requirement list for each release closes some six months before the final code [instruction] and the release date are fixed .

Each hall offers an advanced technical specification and the very latest technology .
each hall offers an advanced technical [instruction] and the very latest technology .

Wherever you are in the world , that Rockwool product will more than match the specification .
wherever you are in the world , that rockwool product will more than match the [instruction] .

Services like our dedicated specification selling team , ‘ The Swatch Line ’ for the despatch of samples by return of post and our design and materials advisory teams .
services like our dedicated [instruction] selling team , ‘ the swatch line ’ for the despatch of samples by return of post and our design and materials advisory teams .

Finally , as prices range from £15,190 to £26,910 it represents superb value for such a high specification .
finally , as prices range from £15,190 to £26,910 it represents superb value for such a high [instruction] .

The high standard of specification speaks for itself .
the high standard of [instruction] speaks for itself .

Product selection , specification , installation and final inspection are all overseen by highly trained personnel to give a 100 % guarantee of product reliability and satisfaction .
product selection , [instruction] , installation and final inspection are all overseen by highly trained personnel to give a 100 % guarantee of product reliability and satisfaction .

This architect specified radiused gutter proved extremely difficult for the builder to obtain , until the problem was solved by Apex after being able to fabricate the specification requirement
this architect specified radiused gutter proved extremely difficult for the builder to obtain , until the problem was solved by apex after being able to fabricate the [instruction] requirement

Developed in North America to the highest specification and standards .
developed in north america to the highest [instruction] and standards .

Eastern Stearman are able to completely rebuild a basic airframe , fit new wings , a re-lifed engine and finish it to individual specification and colour scheme .
eastern stearman are able to completely rebuild a basic airframe , fit new wings , a re-lifed engine and finish it to individual [instruction] and colour scheme .

The finer points of performance and specification ( finer being the operative word ) should be left to our dealers .
the finer points of performance and [instruction] ( finer being the operative word ) should be left to our dealers .

Throughout its production , prospective 46 owners have been offered varied combinations of up to five rig and keel options and three accommodation layouts , therefore ensuring the brokerage buyer tremendous choice in the specification of his pre-owned 46 .
throughout its production , prospective 46 owners have been offered varied combinations of up to five rig and keel options and three accommodation layouts , therefore ensuring the brokerage buyer tremendous choice in the [instruction] of his pre-owned 46 .

The specification includes racing mast , racing keel and 11 Milar/Kevlar sails in new condition .
the [instruction] includes racing mast , racing keel and 11 milar/kevlar sails in new condition .

We provide a comprehensive range of sizes to suit every yacht specification for leisure use or for the longest of passages .
we provide a comprehensive range of sizes to suit every yacht [instruction] for leisure use or for the longest of passages .

It will fit first time and perform exactly to specification .
it will fit first time and perform exactly to [instruction] .

The Specification for Britain 's most advanced gas cooker
the [instruction] for britain 's most advanced gas cooker

And in contrast to other Disney architects , he gets right down to the specification of interiors , controlling the design of carpets , fabrics , furniture , accessories and even restaurant tableware .
and in contrast to other disney architects , he gets right down to the [instruction] of interiors , controlling the design of carpets , fabrics , furniture , accessories and even restaurant tableware .

Firstly , it has led to the improvement of existing products , either in their specification or price , or both .
firstly , it has led to the improvement of existing products , either in their [instruction] or price , or both .

Therefore , not only were the more skilled elements of the tasks robotised first to save the wages of the more highly paid skilled labour , but by using robots management could be more certain that a critical weld on a critical component was being done to specification .
therefore , not only were the more skilled elements of the tasks robotised first to save the wages of the more highly paid skilled labour , but by using robots management could be more certain that a critical weld on a critical component was being done to [instruction] .

What a mishmash of units ! And it 's the same in the specification column at the end of the article , with inches , pounds , square feet , horsepower , knots and metres .
what a mishmash of units ! and it 's the same in the [instruction] column at the end of the article , with inches , pounds , square feet , horsepower , knots and metres .

You might think that specification too simple .
you might think that [instruction] too simple .

Whilst Sarah Hare left a perfect template for a gentlewoman 's funeral , Hannah Deane of High Ongar , Essex , went even further when it came to the specification for her coffin .
whilst sarah hare left a perfect template for a gentlewoman 's funeral , hannah deane of high ongar , essex , went even further when it came to the [instruction] for her coffin .

Apologies : last week 's story on the Sparc Architecture Version 9 specification was incorrect , and based upon incomplete information .
apologies : last week 's story on the sparc architecture version 9 [instruction] was incorrect , and based upon incomplete information .

Ahead of the Pentium processor launch on March 22 , Intel Corp has a Pentium-compatible chip set for its Peripheral Component Interconnect specification : the new set reportedly supports a 64-bit data path and speeds of up to 66MHz .
ahead of the pentium processor launch on march 22 , intel corp has a pentium-compatible chip set for its peripheral component interconnect [instruction] : the new set reportedly supports a 64-bit data path and speeds of up to 66mhz .

Anyone considering a purchase from this company should make sure they get cast-iron guarantees concerning specification and after sales support or , like me and many others to my knowledge , they will wish that they had not been taken in by misleading advertising and had paid a little more money to an established British company .
anyone considering a purchase from this company should make sure they get cast-iron guarantees concerning [instruction] and after sales support or , like me and many others to my knowledge , they will wish that they had not been taken in by misleading advertising and had paid a little more money to an established british company .

It has a reasonable specification .
it has a reasonable [instruction] .

It 's difficult to work out the exact specification you 'll need , so check our software reviews , where we recommend the hardware you 'll need to run each package . Here are a few additional pointers :
it 's difficult to work out the exact [instruction] you 'll need , so check our software reviews , where we recommend the hardware you 'll need to run each package . here are a few additional pointers :

Once you 've decided on a specification , create a shortlist of machines and check out the reviews .
once you 've decided on a [instruction] , create a shortlist of machines and check out the reviews .

Software should state the minimum specification needed to run it .
software should state the minimum [instruction] needed to run it .

Indeed , the specification of grades of untitled gentlemen of £40 or more amounted to an admission that the qualification was obsolete , that this level of income was totally inadequate to support the ‘ port and charge ’ of the dignity of knighthood .
indeed , the [instruction] of grades of untitled gentlemen of £40 or more amounted to an admission that the qualification was obsolete , that this level of income was totally inadequate to support the ‘ port and charge ’ of the dignity of knighthood .

The company is a specialist in database publishing , highly illustrated technical documentation , military specification manuals and automatic pagination of large generically coded documents .
the company is a specialist in database publishing , highly illustrated technical documentation , military [instruction] manuals and automatic pagination of large generically coded documents .

Below is printed the specification for an Executive Search Associate , compiled by Heidrick and Struggles .
below is printed the [instruction] for an executive search associate , compiled by heidrick and struggles .

Tagg looked for prompt and well-considered short lists of candidates , shrewd advice and help in drawing up the brief and specification , and some form of guarantee and after-sales service .
tagg looked for prompt and well-considered short lists of candidates , shrewd advice and help in drawing up the brief and [instruction] , and some form of guarantee and after-sales service .

Customers will receive a completely refurbished aircraft , fitted-out to their specification .
customers will receive a completely refurbished aircraft , fitted-out to their [instruction] .

One of the properties of a context is a specification of what to do on a what-you-see save : the user might want to record some indication that the context was there .
one of the properties of a context is a [instruction] of what to do on a what-you-see save : the user might want to record some indication that the context was there .

Thus if an instance of a Part-number is pasted into a hyperdocument the hyperdocument 's context-table is automatically augmented by a specification of Part-number .
thus if an instance of a part-number is pasted into a hyperdocument the hyperdocument 's context-table is automatically augmented by a [instruction] of part-number .

‘ Argument ’ is not the best specification of that which is to be avoided but , as in the last example , consensus agreement is possible .
‘ argument ’ is not the best [instruction] of that which is to be avoided but , as in the last example , consensus agreement is possible .

First it introduced the need for the objective definition of problem behaviour — that is , the specification of observable and recordable behaviour independent of the subjective information that frequently accompanies it .
first it introduced the need for the objective definition of problem behaviour — that is , the [instruction] of observable and recordable behaviour independent of the subjective information that frequently accompanies it .

However , there is a section in Marx 's own Preface to the Critique of Political Economy that illuminates the relationship between thought and consciousness and the material relations of production . Firstly , there is a restatement of the determinate relationship which here includes a wider specification of consciousness than was used in the critique of idealist thought :
however , there is a section in marx 's own preface to the critique of political economy that illuminates the relationship between thought and consciousness and the material relations of production . firstly , there is a restatement of the determinate relationship which here includes a wider [instruction] of consciousness than was used in the critique of idealist thought :

a helmet bearing a marking applied by the manufacturer indicating compliance with the specification contained in one of the British Standards mentioned in Schedule 2 ( whether or not as modified by any amendment ) ; or
a helmet bearing a marking applied by the manufacturer indicating compliance with the [instruction] contained in one of the british standards mentioned in schedule 2 ( whether or not as modified by any amendment ) ; or

Of course there is one job specification that would n't appear in the ads for these particular vacancies .
of course there is one job [instruction] that would n't appear in the ads for these particular vacancies .

It would not be an easy sinecure and the job specification called for someone not only with wide experience in the profession and a clear understanding of the issues at stake , but also a cool head and tough hide in the face of the increasing political and public interest in auditing .
it would not be an easy sinecure and the job [instruction] called for someone not only with wide experience in the profession and a clear understanding of the issues at stake , but also a cool head and tough hide in the face of the increasing political and public interest in auditing .

Most purchasing decisions are based on an internal assessment of business needs , a specification of the product or service required and some competitive procurement process .
most purchasing decisions are based on an internal assessment of business needs , a [instruction] of the product or service required and some competitive procurement process .

When this process is complete the banks or capital markets can then be approached to provide the finance and any appropriate financial instruments to meet the company 's specification .
when this process is complete the banks or capital markets can then be approached to provide the finance and any appropriate financial instruments to meet the company 's [instruction] .

What is novel in notional/functional proposals is the comprehensive inclusion , within syllabus specification , of what Wilkins calls ‘ categories of communicative function ’ .
what is novel in notional/functional proposals is the comprehensive inclusion , within syllabus [instruction] , of what wilkins calls ‘ categories of communicative function ’ .

Moreover , the specification of new categories and relations provides the means for manipulating phenomena by giving their underlying features a realization which is not currently attested .
moreover , the [instruction] of new categories and relations provides the means for manipulating phenomena by giving their underlying features a realization which is not currently attested .

The empirical evaluation of teaching/learning activities does not aim at the exact specification of causes but at increased awareness of different factors which bear upon the learning process in particular classrooms .
the empirical evaluation of teaching/learning activities does not aim at the exact [instruction] of causes but at increased awareness of different factors which bear upon the learning process in particular classrooms .

The basic principles which have been adopted in these aspects of teaching which Sinclair mentions — ‘ specification of syllabuses , design of materials and choice of method ’ — have been drawn not from particular descriptions of the language but from ideas , assumptions , and beliefs about language in general .
the basic principles which have been adopted in these aspects of teaching which sinclair mentions — ‘ [instruction] of syllabuses , design of materials and choice of method ’ — have been drawn not from particular descriptions of the language but from ideas , assumptions , and beliefs about language in general .

And perhaps they suffice to demonstrate , in a rudimentary way , how the arrangements and alterations of grammar provide additional specification to lexical associations so that the words can relate more precisely to features of context , including those features which are incorporated into the knowledge of the language users themselves .
and perhaps they suffice to demonstrate , in a rudimentary way , how the arrangements and alterations of grammar provide additional [instruction] to lexical associations so that the words can relate more precisely to features of context , including those features which are incorporated into the knowledge of the language users themselves .

, a certain degree of regional variation has already been specified at the level of rhombomere pairs ; retinoic acid is unable to override the specification choice of an odd- or even-numbered character .
, a certain degree of regional variation has already been specified at the level of rhombomere pairs ; retinoic acid is unable to override the [instruction] choice of an odd- or even-numbered character .

The commitment to a learning theory which explained all crime clearly required the specification of empirically identifiable learning processes if it was to progress beyond the simple assertion that crime is learned .
the commitment to a learning theory which explained all crime clearly required the [instruction] of empirically identifiable learning processes if it was to progress beyond the simple assertion that crime is learned .

The biological positivists did not , however , involve themselves in the detailed specification of penal treatments .
the biological positivists did not , however , involve themselves in the detailed [instruction] of penal treatments .

It is assumed that there is sufficient uniformity to facilitate the specification of situations and circumstances that make it more , or less , likely to occur .
it is assumed that there is sufficient uniformity to facilitate the [instruction] of situations and circumstances that make it more , or less , likely to occur .

According to Mark Doran , Unix International 's technical project manager , Application Linking wo n't be a full object-oriented specification and is intended only as a stop-gap definition until the Object Group delivers object linking and embedding guidelines in two years ' time .
according to mark doran , unix international 's technical project manager , application linking wo n't be a full object-oriented [instruction] and is intended only as a stop-gap definition until the object group delivers object linking and embedding guidelines in two years ' time .

However , the initial Application Linking specification will possess object-like characteristics to allow for further developments and support for Object Group 's Object Request Broker Architecture .
however , the initial application linking [instruction] will possess object-like characteristics to allow for further developments and support for object group 's object request broker architecture .

Application Linking Technology is similar in function to Microsoft Corp 's Object Linking & Embedding specification , which enables users to cut and paste objects , text , spreadsheets , sound , video and graphics between different Windows applications .
application linking technology is similar in function to microsoft corp 's object linking & embedding [instruction] , which enables users to cut and paste objects , text , spreadsheets , sound , video and graphics between different windows applications .

But it is certainly intelligible , both as an account of the original motives inspiring such legislation and as the specification of an aim widely held to be worth pursuing , to say that the law is here concerned with the suffering , albeit only of animals , rather than with the immorality of torturing them .
but it is certainly intelligible , both as an account of the original motives inspiring such legislation and as the [instruction] of an aim widely held to be worth pursuing , to say that the law is here concerned with the suffering , albeit only of animals , rather than with the immorality of torturing them .

For each member of staff a clear role specification is important if the grey areas of responsibility within which guilt and resentment breed are to be avoided .
for each member of staff a clear role [instruction] is important if the grey areas of responsibility within which guilt and resentment breed are to be avoided .

This period of consolidation has however , seen considerable work on technical specification , and things are beginning to happen once again .
this period of consolidation has however , seen considerable work on technical [instruction] , and things are beginning to happen once again .

Non-availability of materials to 1940s specification may well necessitate the re-designing of some parts and establishment of suitable equivalents , although care is being taken not to impair the outward appearance .
non-availability of materials to 1940s [instruction] may well necessitate the re-designing of some parts and establishment of suitable equivalents , although care is being taken not to impair the outward appearance .

Furthermore , while the main thrust of the treaty had a very clear specification of the timetable and the procedures to be followed , it was rather vague on several other points which were announced only in terms of general principles .
furthermore , while the main thrust of the treaty had a very clear [instruction] of the timetable and the procedures to be followed , it was rather vague on several other points which were announced only in terms of general principles .

It examines important concepts such as needs analysis , goal-setting , and content specification , and serves as an excellent understanding of syllabus design in order to evaluate , modify , and adapt the syllabuses with which they work .
it examines important concepts such as needs analysis , goal-setting , and content [instruction] , and serves as an excellent understanding of syllabus design in order to evaluate , modify , and adapt the syllabuses with which they work .

Both these countries indicate that the spoken language base is unnecessary for the specification of places and people ( a particular use which hearing users make of fingerspelling ) , since fingerspelled names are not used .
both these countries indicate that the spoken language base is unnecessary for the [instruction] of places and people ( a particular use which hearing users make of fingerspelling ) , since fingerspelled names are not used .

When there are a number of individuals or groups from different disciplines and pursuing different objectives within some overall specification it is obviously crucial that all their activities should be in line with the common goal .
when there are a number of individuals or groups from different disciplines and pursuing different objectives within some overall [instruction] it is obviously crucial that all their activities should be in line with the common goal .

This limits the potential rigour of design because the anchor of skill training is the specification of the objectives .
this limits the potential rigour of design because the anchor of skill training is the [instruction] of the objectives .

Nevertheless , it was found that only one modification to the basic specification of the model was required .
nevertheless , it was found that only one modification to the basic [instruction] of the model was required .

Although the list price is too high for a machine of this specification , it can be bought for around £55 from Texas and other sheds .
although the list price is too high for a machine of this [instruction] , it can be bought for around £55 from texas and other sheds .

2 The Publisher shall be responsible for placing copies of the Program with Beta Testing assessors , for collecting feedback from these assessors and assembling it in a form which shall be interpretable as a specification to be met by the Programmer in preparing the final version of the Program .
2 the publisher shall be responsible for placing copies of the program with beta testing assessors , for collecting feedback from these assessors and assembling it in a form which shall be interpretable as a [instruction] to be met by the programmer in preparing the final version of the program .

1.1 In accordance with the specification in Part 1 of the Schedule the Programmer will prepare a computer program and related materials for [ — ] ( ’ the Program ’ ) .
1.1 in accordance with the [instruction] in part 1 of the schedule the programmer will prepare a computer program and related materials for [ — ] ( ’ the program ’ ) .

on a computer-readable tape to the following specification [ – – – ]
on a computer-readable tape to the following [instruction] [ – – – ]

The critical problem with these perspectives is that elite theorists can not easily justify their specification of what is in the interests of the powerless .
the critical problem with these perspectives is that elite theorists can not easily justify their [instruction] of what is in the interests of the powerless .

At present there is only one small private mine still producing a coal of acceptable specification and as their coal preparation facilities are not very sophisticated , the coal supplied is almost ‘ run of mine ’ with a high percentage of fine coal .
at present there is only one small private mine still producing a coal of acceptable [instruction] and as their coal preparation facilities are not very sophisticated , the coal supplied is almost ‘ run of mine ’ with a high percentage of fine coal .

The sub-contractor must be advised that all work is to be executed in accordance with the relevant drawings and specification , in a proper and workmanlike manner .
the sub-contractor must be advised that all work is to be executed in accordance with the relevant drawings and [instruction] , in a proper and workmanlike manner .

The majority of sub-contractors either price an extract from the bill of quantities or prepare an estimate from the drawings and specification .
the majority of sub-contractors either price an extract from the bill of quantities or prepare an estimate from the drawings and [instruction] .

Outline planning approvals will be subject to conditions ( reserved matters ) , for example , specification of the type of development , density , means of access , approval of detailed plans and design , including external appearance , siting and landscaping .
outline planning approvals will be subject to conditions ( reserved matters ) , for example , [instruction] of the type of development , density , means of access , approval of detailed plans and design , including external appearance , siting and landscaping .

The local authority therefore lays down the specification for the road construction and in view of the long-term maintenance obligations , insists on high standards of workmanship and materials .
the local authority therefore lays down the [instruction] for the road construction and in view of the long-term maintenance obligations , insists on high standards of workmanship and materials .

Resale price maintenance , quantity forcing , specification of demonstration service and promotional facilities , franchise fees , allocation of territories , and so on , can all be used to this end , assuming the manufacturer has sufficient information regarding the underlying cost and demand parameters , and assuming all are legal .
resale price maintenance , quantity forcing , [instruction] of demonstration service and promotional facilities , franchise fees , allocation of territories , and so on , can all be used to this end , assuming the manufacturer has sufficient information regarding the underlying cost and demand parameters , and assuming all are legal .

from Tan , 1980:111 ) Because tense and aspect are not grammatical categories in Chinese , their specification is largely optional .
from tan , 1980:111 ) because tense and aspect are not grammatical categories in chinese , their [instruction] is largely optional .

Table 6.8 is an example of the many such rules which can be constructed ; variants sharing the same specification with respect to the feature [ low ] are conflated , so that patterns of variation on this dimension may be examined in each community in a range of phonetic environments .
table 6.8 is an example of the many such rules which can be constructed ; variants sharing the same [instruction] with respect to the feature [ low ] are conflated , so that patterns of variation on this dimension may be examined in each community in a range of phonetic environments .

It is important not to allow a mechanical aid , however powerful , to interfere with the careful specification of analytic goals and the selection of appropriate means of attaining them .
it is important not to allow a mechanical aid , however powerful , to interfere with the careful [instruction] of analytic goals and the selection of appropriate means of attaining them .

Ironically , the same concept and designation were evident in work of a different kind , where comparable observational and analytic techniques were employed but in the context of a radical critique of the institutions and their functions in capitalist society ( a specification of particular kinds of ‘ socialization ’ and ‘ communication ’ within a particular social and economic order ) .
ironically , the same concept and designation were evident in work of a different kind , where comparable observational and analytic techniques were employed but in the context of a radical critique of the institutions and their functions in capitalist society ( a [instruction] of particular kinds of ‘ socialization ’ and ‘ communication ’ within a particular social and economic order ) .

The earlier specification of the ‘ liberal arts ’ had been primarily of branches of knowledge .
the earlier [instruction] of the ‘ liberal arts ’ had been primarily of branches of knowledge .

It commands an entire vocabulary , centred on the specification of the ‘ aesthetic ’ : a work of art is designed for , and/or has , aesthetic properties and effects .
it commands an entire vocabulary , centred on the [instruction] of the ‘ aesthetic ’ : a work of art is designed for , and/or has , aesthetic properties and effects .

We should , however , briefly note that because of their dependence on inside management for their tenure of office , their likely minority position , and the absence of a legal specification of the monitoring function and of the powers necessary to perform it , the potential for non-executive directors to exercise meaningful control over the executive members of the board will usually be slight .
we should , however , briefly note that because of their dependence on inside management for their tenure of office , their likely minority position , and the absence of a legal [instruction] of the monitoring function and of the powers necessary to perform it , the potential for non-executive directors to exercise meaningful control over the executive members of the board will usually be slight .

Overall , these studies mark the emergence of what has been called the Georgian style , which employs bilateral symmetry , the individualization of personal space and property , and the specification of discrete elements reunited in a cohesive unity .
overall , these studies mark the emergence of what has been called the georgian style , which employs bilateral symmetry , the individualization of personal space and property , and the [instruction] of discrete elements reunited in a cohesive unity .

Many of the familiar aspects of modernization , such as a rise of individualism and of specification in material culture use and scientific-rational order , may be traced in these studies , but the evidence provides a means of analysing such changes in terms of the structural organization of everyday objects for the population as a whole , and acts as a balance to the more common literary and self-reflective accounts or these changes .
many of the familiar aspects of modernization , such as a rise of individualism and of [instruction] in material culture use and scientific-rational order , may be traced in these studies , but the evidence provides a means of analysing such changes in terms of the structural organization of everyday objects for the population as a whole , and acts as a balance to the more common literary and self-reflective accounts or these changes .

The control structure of any organization consists , by and large , of a definition of the relationships between controllability and responsibility , or more precisely a specification of which managers are responsible for which resources in the organization .
the control structure of any organization consists , by and large , of a definition of the relationships between controllability and responsibility , or more precisely a [instruction] of which managers are responsible for which resources in the organization .

The policy choices in this regard include the specification of the amount of growth that is compatible with employment , price stability , and balance in the external sector .
the policy choices in this regard include the [instruction] of the amount of growth that is compatible with employment , price stability , and balance in the external sector .

The authorization is based on a detailed product specification , a market evaluation , a time schedule , a project budget , and in some cases , a solution concept .
the authorization is based on a detailed product [instruction] , a market evaluation , a time schedule , a project budget , and in some cases , a solution concept .

Sony are also guarded about the technical specification of their search and retrieval engine which means that potential publishers must enter into confidentiality agreements before receiving even the essential information on which to base their preliminary data preparation costs .
sony are also guarded about the technical [instruction] of their search and retrieval engine which means that potential publishers must enter into confidentiality agreements before receiving even the essential information on which to base their preliminary data preparation costs .

In all these publications , Sony — through their recently formed Sony Electronic Publishing Company — control technical specification of the products , their packaging and distribution .
in all these publications , sony — through their recently formed sony electronic publishing company — control technical [instruction] of the products , their packaging and distribution .

Any prescription of the content or outcomes of teacher development is likely to be controversial because it is formulated from a value-position , but is a specification of process any less contentious ?
any prescription of the content or outcomes of teacher development is likely to be controversial because it is formulated from a value-position , but is a [instruction] of process any less contentious ?

This approach thus results in the specification of 27 zones about a three.dimensional primary space , with touching conditions recorded with respect to the six excursion conditions ( see Figure 2.13 ) .
this approach thus results in the [instruction] of 27 zones about a three.dimensional primary space , with touching conditions recorded with respect to the six excursion conditions ( see figure 2.13 ) .

This specification would allow various touching arrangements to be defined ( such as shown in Figure 2.15 ) .
this [instruction] would allow various touching arrangements to be defined ( such as shown in figure 2.15 ) .

The functions described within that intersection may ultimately be of any form necessary for the specification of the product being designed .
the functions described within that intersection may ultimately be of any form necessary for the [instruction] of the product being designed .

These may range from the specification of shapes , finishes and material type through casting and mould details , to jigs and fixtures needed during production .
these may range from the [instruction] of shapes , finishes and material type through casting and mould details , to jigs and fixtures needed during production .

In the case of an original structural design , a company will be required to conform to a set specification .
in the case of an original structural design , a company will be required to conform to a set [instruction] .

The Universal Decimal Classification was devised with a very fine specification , and as such is found to be useful for technical libraries and for information retrieval .
the universal decimal classification was devised with a very fine [instruction] , and as such is found to be useful for technical libraries and for information retrieval .

An acceptable move would be to replace the original falsified theory by the claim , ‘ All bread nourishes except bread made from wheat contaminated by a particular kind of fungus ’ ( followed by a specification of the fungus and some of its characteristics ) .
an acceptable move would be to replace the original falsified theory by the claim , ‘ all bread nourishes except bread made from wheat contaminated by a particular kind of fungus ’ ( followed by a [instruction] of the fungus and some of its characteristics ) .

The survey briefing had included only a verbal specification .
the survey briefing had included only a verbal [instruction] .

Following the data which was being projected on to the tiny screen , it was clear that the telemetry and guidance modules had performed according to specification .
following the data which was being projected on to the tiny screen , it was clear that the telemetry and guidance modules had performed according to [instruction] .

It 's difficult to work out the exact specification you 'll need , so check our software reviews , where we recommend the hardware you 'll need to run each package . Here are a few additional pointers :
it 's difficult to work out the exact [instruction] you 'll need , so check our software reviews , where we recommend the hardware you 'll need to run each package . here are a few additional pointers :

Once you 've decided on a specification , create a shortlist of machines and check out the reviews .
once you 've decided on a [instruction] , create a shortlist of machines and check out the reviews .

Software should state the minimum specification needed to run it .
software should state the minimum [instruction] needed to run it .

It 's also a find DOS/Windows notebook with a good specification , and when proper pen applications start arriving this year , it 'll be ready to take advantage of them .
it 's also a find dos/windows notebook with a good [instruction] , and when proper pen applications start arriving this year , it 'll be ready to take advantage of them .

Buy a machine with a basic specification to begin with , but make sure it has plenty of room to grow with your experience .
buy a machine with a basic [instruction] to begin with , but make sure it has plenty of room to grow with your experience .

( Later Hymes also distinguishes audience , since the presence of overhearers may contribute to the specification of the speech event . )
( later hymes also distinguishes audience , since the presence of overhearers may contribute to the [instruction] of the speech event . )

Texts a and b , addressed to the general reader , are relatively accessible fragments of language which require only specification of the intended referents to make them readily interpretable .
texts a and b , addressed to the general reader , are relatively accessible fragments of language which require only [instruction] of the intended referents to make them readily interpretable .

From our discussion of the spatio-temporal co-ordinates which seem , in principle , peculiarly accessible to standard specification , it must be obvious first , that deictic expressions may retain a standard deictic centre but must be interpreted with respect to the content of the utterance in which they occur and , second , that the relevant standard temporal description of an utterance , for instance 9.22 a.m. on Tuesday 28 June 1873 , as opposed to in the late nineteenth century , will vary depending on the knowledge and intention of the analyst ( or speaker ) in referring to the utterance as located in time .
from our discussion of the spatio-temporal co-ordinates which seem , in principle , peculiarly accessible to standard [instruction] , it must be obvious first , that deictic expressions may retain a standard deictic centre but must be interpreted with respect to the content of the utterance in which they occur and , second , that the relevant standard temporal description of an utterance , for instance 9.22 a.m. on tuesday 28 june 1873 , as opposed to in the late nineteenth century , will vary depending on the knowledge and intention of the analyst ( or speaker ) in referring to the utterance as located in time .

Similarly , the other co-ordinates relevant to the deictic context , speaker , hearer and indicated object , can not be regarded as simple unstructured cues which demand standard specification .
similarly , the other co-ordinates relevant to the deictic context , speaker , hearer and indicated object , can not be regarded as simple unstructured cues which demand standard [instruction] .

His search had led him , at length , to the headquarters of the Boeing aircraft corporation in Seattle , where row upon row of second-hand aircraft of every size and specification sat awaiting scrutiny .
his search had led him , at length , to the headquarters of the boeing aircraft corporation in seattle , where row upon row of second-hand aircraft of every size and [instruction] sat awaiting scrutiny .

the task specification includes an adequate description of the goal .
the task [instruction] includes an adequate description of the goal .

The start state is the specification of the original task 's search space .
the start state is the [instruction] of the original task 's search space .

a specification of the current ( sub ) goal and answers
a [instruction] of the current ( sub ) goal and answers

‘ After the date of the publication of a complete specification and until the sealing of a patent in respect thereof , the applicant shall have the like privileges and rights as if a patent for the invention had been sealed on the date of the publication of the complete specification : Provided that an applicant shall not be entitled to institute any proceedings for infringement until the patent has been sealed .
‘ after the date of the publication of a complete [instruction] and until the sealing of a patent in respect thereof , the applicant shall have the like privileges and rights as if a patent for the invention had been sealed on the date of the publication of the complete [instruction] : provided that an applicant shall not be entitled to institute any proceedings for infringement until the patent has been sealed .

It was held that an applicant for a patent has all the rights which a holder has from the moment the complete specification of the patent is published .
it was held that an applicant for a patent has all the rights which a holder has from the moment the complete [instruction] of the patent is published .

Specification and conclusion
[instruction] and conclusion

Sails and spinnaker gear are not included in the basic specification because J-Boats are convinced that the racing owner will wish to specify his own sail wardrobe .
sails and spinnaker gear are not included in the basic [instruction] because j-boats are convinced that the racing owner will wish to specify his own sail wardrobe .

The standard specification does include , however , high quality deck hardware , blocks and winches .
the standard [instruction] does include , however , high quality deck hardware , blocks and winches .

Another reason for choosing Collins was the designer 's penchant for wood epoxy construction , an attractive , strong and relatively easy method of building which allows plenty of scope for the interior to be custom-designed and completed to the owner 's specification .
another reason for choosing collins was the designer 's penchant for wood epoxy construction , an attractive , strong and relatively easy method of building which allows plenty of scope for the interior to be custom-designed and completed to the owner 's [instruction] .

The girl 's bike has the same specification as the boy 's but comes with mudguards and a carrier at the back .
the girl 's bike has the same [instruction] as the boy 's but comes with mudguards and a carrier at the back .

They do not help in proving a program correct with respect to some specification expressed in terms of a more abstract description of its intended behaviour .
they do not help in proving a program correct with respect to some [instruction] expressed in terms of a more abstract description of its intended behaviour .

Because all our transformations are provably correct , the resulting chip design is guaranteed to be a correct implementation of the original specification .
because all our transformations are provably correct , the resulting chip design is guaranteed to be a correct implementation of the original [instruction] .

For the specification of relevant grounds .
for the [instruction] of relevant grounds .

Where a licensing board : ( a ) refuses to grant , renew or transfer a licence under this Part of this Act , or ( b ) on an application for the grant of a licence under this Part of this Act , specifies , as types of liquor which may be sold under the licence , types other than those in respect of which the application for the licence was made , or ( c ) on an application for renewal of a licence under this Part of this Act , does not comply with any request duly made by the applicant for a change in the specification of the types of liquor which may be sold under the licence , or ( d ) requires modifications in the rules proposed to be made as to the persons entitled to use the canteen , or withholds its consent to a variation of those rules , or ( e ) makes an order under section 42(4) of this Act , the applicant or , as the case may be , the licence-holder may appeal to the sheriff from such a decision of the licensing board .
where a licensing board : ( a ) refuses to grant , renew or transfer a licence under this part of this act , or ( b ) on an application for the grant of a licence under this part of this act , specifies , as types of liquor which may be sold under the licence , types other than those in respect of which the application for the licence was made , or ( c ) on an application for renewal of a licence under this part of this act , does not comply with any request duly made by the applicant for a change in the [instruction] of the types of liquor which may be sold under the licence , or ( d ) requires modifications in the rules proposed to be made as to the persons entitled to use the canteen , or withholds its consent to a variation of those rules , or ( e ) makes an order under section 42(4) of this act , the applicant or , as the case may be , the licence-holder may appeal to the sheriff from such a decision of the licensing board .

Contingency factors Industrial market conditions are usually subject to a variety of contingencies , such as the development of buyer power , large buyers seeking small customers , the placing of conditions on specification and terms of supply , etc .
contingency factors industrial market conditions are usually subject to a variety of contingencies , such as the development of buyer power , large buyers seeking small customers , the placing of conditions on [instruction] and terms of supply , etc .

d ) The Decision Maker : where decisions take the form of modified re-buys or new task purchasing , it is most likely that senior functional , divisional or general management will take the actual decision to purchase , and choose the supplier , specification and product .
d ) the decision maker : where decisions take the form of modified re-buys or new task purchasing , it is most likely that senior functional , divisional or general management will take the actual decision to purchase , and choose the supplier , [instruction] and product .

The first is the wide variation in specification and finish that are standard practice in the motor industry .
the first is the wide variation in [instruction] and finish that are standard practice in the motor industry .

" The implementation of this Specification rests on the goodwill that is needed towards those passengers for whom these features cater " .
" the implementation of this [instruction] rests on the goodwill that is needed towards those passengers for whom these features cater " .

He asked him whether the bus specification , as laid down by the disabled persons transport advisory committee , would be a requirement in the disposal programme and whether the bus companies that tender will need to give the Minister an answer .
he asked him whether the bus [instruction] , as laid down by the disabled persons transport advisory committee , would be a requirement in the disposal programme and whether the bus companies that tender will need to give the minister an answer .

Reference to the original work with its full specification of assumptions is essential .
reference to the original work with its full [instruction] of assumptions is essential .

It will be recalled first that the theory-of-finance specification of how to maximize shareholders ' wealth does not refer to any need for corporate diversification .
it will be recalled first that the theory-of-finance [instruction] of how to maximize shareholders ' wealth does not refer to any need for corporate diversification .

She also found herself naturally in tune with Laura 's taste and , although her job specification was to oversee the entire design structure for clothes , Laura advised her that she ‘ had been brought in as a flanker to Moira ’ .
she also found herself naturally in tune with laura 's taste and , although her job [instruction] was to oversee the entire design structure for clothes , laura advised her that she ‘ had been brought in as a flanker to moira ’ .

In these respects , it can certainly be claimed that the polytechnics have by and large measured up to their original specification .
in these respects , it can certainly be claimed that the polytechnics have by and large measured up to their original [instruction] .

Definition of problem and specification of information to be sought
definition of problem and [instruction] of information to be sought

Inspection of goods received is vital to check that the supplier is fulfilling the order to the correct specification .
inspection of goods received is vital to check that the supplier is fulfilling the order to the correct [instruction] .

Against this can be weighed the advantages of producing an article or item which is made especially to the customer 's own specification .
against this can be weighed the advantages of producing an article or item which is made especially to the customer 's own [instruction] .

Since it is more expensive to install pollution control devices in existing installations than in new ones , this strategy often leads in practice to the specification of different requirements for new and existing units .
since it is more expensive to install pollution control devices in existing installations than in new ones , this strategy often leads in practice to the [instruction] of different requirements for new and existing units .

Everything was built to a slightly higher specification then .
everything was built to a slightly higher [instruction] then .

As far as heads were concerned , coordinators needed from them a properly negotiated version of the Authority 's job specification , support for the difficult tasks they were required to undertake , and a preparedness to include them within the team of senior staff involved in the development of policy .
as far as heads were concerned , coordinators needed from them a properly negotiated version of the authority 's job [instruction] , support for the difficult tasks they were required to undertake , and a preparedness to include them within the team of senior staff involved in the development of policy .

All coordinators , as we have seen , worked to the same basic job specification , adapted to meet the circumstances of their school .
all coordinators , as we have seen , worked to the same basic job [instruction] , adapted to meet the circumstances of their school .

Whatever version of this specification was negotiated , they needed appropriate authority and resources , and access to the decision-making process , to carry it out .
whatever version of this [instruction] was negotiated , they needed appropriate authority and resources , and access to the decision-making process , to carry it out .

All deputy heads need a clear job specification and a place in school development and decision-making commensurate with their experience and seniority .
all deputy heads need a clear job [instruction] and a place in school development and decision-making commensurate with their experience and seniority .

Specification of different fault-finding strategies in terms of cognitive process and type of information used .
[instruction] of different fault-finding strategies in terms of cognitive process and type of information used .

Such has been the fear of being ‘ near market ’ that the vital link between suppliers and users — the derivation of a formal , detailed user specification — has been missed .
such has been the fear of being ‘ near market ’ that the vital link between suppliers and users — the derivation of a formal , detailed user [instruction] — has been missed .

It was these acts , together with the resistance they provoked , which resulted in the growing specification of the sexual within official discourse and a marked polarization of political positions .
it was these acts , together with the resistance they provoked , which resulted in the growing [instruction] of the sexual within official discourse and a marked polarization of political positions .

The Contagious Diseases Acts not only involved a subtle shift in the balance of forces within moral environmentalism , they also marked a new and more particular specification of sexuality within sanitary discourse .
the contagious diseases acts not only involved a subtle shift in the balance of forces within moral environmentalism , they also marked a new and more particular [instruction] of sexuality within sanitary discourse .

Thus an operational and detailed equipment specification is developed before any actual building planning takes place and in this way it is possible to give the Architect a very clear brief of the functional relationships of each part of the total system .
thus an operational and detailed equipment [instruction] is developed before any actual building planning takes place and in this way it is possible to give the architect a very clear brief of the functional relationships of each part of the total system .

Do make sure that every job that gets sent out for setting has a full specification and requirements sheet with it .
do make sure that every job that gets sent out for setting has a full [instruction] and requirements sheet with it .

Somewhere in the process , hopefully at the beginning , the design rules that will be followed have to be established , either as a written specification or electronically in the form of a style sheet or template .
somewhere in the process , hopefully at the beginning , the design rules that will be followed have to be established , either as a written [instruction] or electronically in the form of a style sheet or template .

and by his patent specification of 1753 for a very successful cordial bitter tincture .
and by his patent [instruction] of 1753 for a very successful cordial bitter tincture .

The approach which they employed was by using hard systems which are capable of specification , analysis and manipulation in a more or less rigorous and quantitative manner ; soft systems which are not tractable by mathematical methods ; by exploring examples ; and by combining interdisciplinary approaches by reviewing the dilemmas which confront man 's intervention in natural systems .
the approach which they employed was by using hard systems which are capable of [instruction] , analysis and manipulation in a more or less rigorous and quantitative manner ; soft systems which are not tractable by mathematical methods ; by exploring examples ; and by combining interdisciplinary approaches by reviewing the dilemmas which confront man 's intervention in natural systems .

The normal specification for the brass department of the full orchestra is as follows :
the normal [instruction] for the brass department of the full orchestra is as follows :

The student will no doubt come across scores in which these numbers are exceeded ( e.g. among the works of Wagner , Strauss , Mahler , Stravinsky , Holst , etc. ) , but the above specification is , as we have said , the normal one and it is inadvisable for economic reasons to expand it unless , of course , extra instruments are absolutely indispensable for the full expression of the composer 's ideas .
the student will no doubt come across scores in which these numbers are exceeded ( e.g. among the works of wagner , strauss , mahler , stravinsky , holst , etc. ) , but the above [instruction] is , as we have said , the normal one and it is inadvisable for economic reasons to expand it unless , of course , extra instruments are absolutely indispensable for the full expression of the composer 's ideas .

While the specification of the string , woodwind , and brass departments of the orchestra remains relatively well established , the percussion section keeps adding new sounds and instruments to its constitution .
while the [instruction] of the string , woodwind , and brass departments of the orchestra remains relatively well established , the percussion section keeps adding new sounds and instruments to its constitution .

The tight specification of aims and objectives , what is to be taught and how it is to be assessed in each 1 1 — week module can lead to novel , innovative and exciting teaching , learning and assessment methods .
the tight [instruction] of aims and objectives , what is to be taught and how it is to be assessed in each 1 1 — week module can lead to novel , innovative and exciting teaching , learning and assessment methods .

Fisher correctly points to the need for a close specification of the practice content of care management , but in doing so becomes involved in considering the way in which care management meets the requirements for consumerism and the principles of partnership .
fisher correctly points to the need for a close [instruction] of the practice content of care management , but in doing so becomes involved in considering the way in which care management meets the requirements for consumerism and the principles of partnership .

The aqueduct was designed to British Waterways Board specification by Messrs Scott , Wilson , Kirkpatrick and Partners .
the aqueduct was designed to british waterways board [instruction] by messrs scott , wilson , kirkpatrick and partners .

It consists of 2 parts : the service specification , and contract conditions , plus appendices .
it consists of 2 parts : the service [instruction] , and contract conditions , plus appendices .

The service specification describes the service to be provided in general terms , and is based on the standards/registration requirements for residential/nursing home care .
the service [instruction] describes the service to be provided in general terms , and is based on the standards/registration requirements for residential/nursing home care .

end-use conditions limiting the end-use of certain high quality minerals to high specification applications ;
end-use conditions limiting the end-use of certain high quality minerals to high [instruction] applications ;

Continuous assessment programmes in each area of study must be totally integrated with and supportive of the specification for the topic area .
continuous assessment programmes in each area of study must be totally integrated with and supportive of the [instruction] for the topic area .

Suppose we identify the semantic content of a sentence with its truth conditions , then the semantic content of ( 4 ) Letizia de Ramolino was the mother of Napoleon will amount to a specification of the circumstances under which it would be true , namely that the individual known as Letizia de Ramolino was in fact identical to the individual who was the mother of Napoleon .
suppose we identify the semantic content of a sentence with its truth conditions , then the semantic content of ( 4 ) letizia de ramolino was the mother of napoleon will amount to a [instruction] of the circumstances under which it would be true , namely that the individual known as letizia de ramolino was in fact identical to the individual who was the mother of napoleon .

Another way of handling indexicals is to think of the specification of the content of an utterance as a two stage affair : the `` meaning `` of an utterance is a function from contexts ( sets of indices ) to propositions , which are in turn functions from possible worlds to truth values ( Montague , 1970 ; Stalnaker , 1972 ) .
another way of handling indexicals is to think of the [instruction] of the content of an utterance as a two stage affair : the `` meaning `` of an utterance is a function from contexts ( sets of indices ) to propositions , which are in turn functions from possible worlds to truth values ( montague , 1970 ; stalnaker , 1972 ) .

But we can confidently assume that there are no languages where part of an M-tense system is not realized somewhere in time-adverbials or the like , not to mention the implicit assumption of M-present if no further specification is provided ( Lyons , 1977a : 686 ) .
but we can confidently assume that there are no languages where part of an m-tense system is not realized somewhere in time-adverbials or the like , not to mention the implicit assumption of m-present if no further [instruction] is provided ( lyons , 1977a : 686 ) .

Place or space deixis concerns the specification of locations relative to anchorage points in the speech event .
place or space deixis concerns the [instruction] of locations relative to anchorage points in the speech event .

For example , particles like well , anyway , by the way require some meaning specification in a theory of meaning just like all the other words in English ; but when we come to consider what their meaning is , we shall find ourselves referring to the pragmatic mechanisms that produce implicatures .
for example , particles like well , anyway , by the way require some meaning [instruction] in a theory of meaning just like all the other words in english ; but when we come to consider what their meaning is , we shall find ourselves referring to the pragmatic mechanisms that produce implicatures .

An additional requirement for the franchising specification is that the firm should keep a running record of the costs incurred for each Legal Aid case because the Board is increasingly putting costs conditions on certificates .
an additional requirement for the franchising [instruction] is that the firm should keep a running record of the costs incurred for each legal aid case because the board is increasingly putting costs conditions on certificates .

Specification 2.4.1
[instruction] 2.4.1

This is an addition to the original language specification and it can not be guaranteed to remain unchanged in future releases .
this is an addition to the original language [instruction] and it can not be guaranteed to remain unchanged in future releases .

This is an addition to the original language specification and it can not be guaranteed to remain unchanged in future releases .
this is an addition to the original language [instruction] and it can not be guaranteed to remain unchanged in future releases .

‘ With its comprehensive specification and competitive pricing , Safrane will pitch Renault at the head of the volume executive sector for the first time . ’
‘ with its comprehensive [instruction] and competitive pricing , safrane will pitch renault at the head of the volume executive sector for the first time . ’

Thus only these two functions of r ( denoted respectively by f ( r ) and g ( r ) ) are needed for complete specification of the double velocity correlations .
thus only these two functions of r ( denoted respectively by f ( r ) and g ( r ) ) are needed for complete [instruction] of the double velocity correlations .

Hence , only a single function gives the complete specification .
hence , only a single function gives the complete [instruction] .

Hence , the specification of the situation is primarily in terms of the two gradients , and .
hence , the [instruction] of the situation is primarily in terms of the two gradients , and .

It is not surprising that , as noted in Section 4.4 , the observed flow can depend markedly on departures from the simple specification of Bénard convection , notably temperature variation of viscosity ( e.g .
it is not surprising that , as noted in section 4.4 , the observed flow can depend markedly on departures from the simple [instruction] of bénard convection , notably temperature variation of viscosity ( e.g .

the statistical specification of turbulent motion , Section 19.2 ) .
the statistical [instruction] of turbulent motion , section 19.2 ) .

With dedicated account teams and long term relationships there may be a confidential sharing of the vendor 's longer term strategy and product development plans , complemented by the client corporation having input to product specification and providing feedback from product testing .
with dedicated account teams and long term relationships there may be a confidential sharing of the vendor 's longer term strategy and product development plans , complemented by the client corporation having input to product [instruction] and providing feedback from product testing .

Increasingly records managers are contributing to the system specification .
increasingly records managers are contributing to the system [instruction] .

The syntax defined by the Guidelines not only formalizes the way in which such features are encoded , but also provides for a detailed specification of legal feature value/pair combinations and rules determining , for example , the implication of under-specified or defaulted features .
the syntax defined by the guidelines not only formalizes the way in which such features are encoded , but also provides for a detailed [instruction] of legal feature value/pair combinations and rules determining , for example , the implication of under-specified or defaulted features .

2.7 Conformance to specification , quality , fitness for purpose
2.7 conformance to [instruction] , quality , fitness for purpose

Bound up with the question of compliance with specification is the question of acceptance , since , until the goods have been accepted by the buyer , the seller can not be sure that he has discharged his basic liability to perform the contract , even if he has delivered the goods to the buyer .
bound up with the question of compliance with [instruction] is the question of acceptance , since , until the goods have been accepted by the buyer , the seller can not be sure that he has discharged his basic liability to perform the contract , even if he has delivered the goods to the buyer .

In the absence of some specification which states how long a product should last under normal use without manifesting defects ( whether or not due to normal wear and tear ) , the parties have to resort to the express or implied warranties of merchantable quality , or the express or implied rights of rejection .
in the absence of some [instruction] which states how long a product should last under normal use without manifesting defects ( whether or not due to normal wear and tear ) , the parties have to resort to the express or implied warranties of merchantable quality , or the express or implied rights of rejection .

The seller appreciates the clear specification of his liability for defects under the contract , and the buyer should be willing to trade his somewhat uncertain remedies at law for the ease and certainty of remedy provided by the guarantee .
the seller appreciates the clear [instruction] of his liability for defects under the contract , and the buyer should be willing to trade his somewhat uncertain remedies at law for the ease and certainty of remedy provided by the guarantee .

The remedy of purchase from a third party , with the consequent obligation on the seller to pay the increase in the purchase price , is broadly similar to that available at common law , but , again , the express clause imports a certain amount of flexibility in the area of the price paid for third party goods ( for instance a premium might have to be paid for quick delivery to meet the buyer 's original timescales ) , and as to how closely their specification need resemble the original goods .
the remedy of purchase from a third party , with the consequent obligation on the seller to pay the increase in the purchase price , is broadly similar to that available at common law , but , again , the express clause imports a certain amount of flexibility in the area of the price paid for third party goods ( for instance a premium might have to be paid for quick delivery to meet the buyer 's original timescales ) , and as to how closely their [instruction] need resemble the original goods .

As already discussed above , limitation of liability in respect of specification , delivery and defects in the goods have been dealt with specifically in cll 2 , 4 and 9 respectively .
as already discussed above , limitation of liability in respect of [instruction] , delivery and defects in the goods have been dealt with specifically in cll 2 , 4 and 9 respectively .

The one exception , provided for the benefit of the seller in these clauses , is where the infringement is caused because of a design , specification or other instructions supplied by the buyer for the seller to work to .
the one exception , provided for the benefit of the seller in these clauses , is where the infringement is caused because of a design , [instruction] or other instructions supplied by the buyer for the seller to work to .

2 Specification
2 [instruction]

No other specification , descriptive material , written or oral representation , correspondence or statement , promotional or sales literature shall form part of or be incorporated by reference into the Order .
no other [instruction] , descriptive material , written or oral representation , correspondence or statement , promotional or sales literature shall form part of or be incorporated by reference into the order .

3.5 You will ensure that in all respects ( except by way of design or specification where we have supplied the same ) the goods and/or the work comply with all relevant requirements of any statute , statutory rule or order , or other instrument having the force of law , which may be in force when the goods are delivered and/or the work performed as the case may be .
3.5 you will ensure that in all respects ( except by way of design or [instruction] where we have supplied the same ) the goods and/or the work comply with all relevant requirements of any statute , statutory rule or order , or other instrument having the force of law , which may be in force when the goods are delivered and/or the work performed as the case may be .

6.2 You shall indemnify us from all actions , costs , claims , demands , expenses and liabilities whatsoever resulting from any actual or alleged infringement as aforesaid in Condition 6.1 , and at your own expense will defend or ( at our option ) assist in the defence of any proceedings which may be brought in that connection , provided that you shall be under no liability under Condition 6.1 or this Condition in respect of any infringement as aforesaid occasioned by use of a design or specification supplied to you by us .
6.2 you shall indemnify us from all actions , costs , claims , demands , expenses and liabilities whatsoever resulting from any actual or alleged infringement as aforesaid in condition 6.1 , and at your own expense will defend or ( at our option ) assist in the defence of any proceedings which may be brought in that connection , provided that you shall be under no liability under condition 6.1 or this condition in respect of any infringement as aforesaid occasioned by use of a design or [instruction] supplied to you by us .

6.3 No goods covered by orders shall be manufactured sold or disposed by you in violation of any right whatsoever of third parties , and in particular , but without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing , of any patent right , trademark or similar right , or of any charge , mortgage or lien , provided that you shall be under no liability under this Condition in respect of a violation as aforesaid occasioned by use of a design or specification supplied to you by us .
6.3 no goods covered by orders shall be manufactured sold or disposed by you in violation of any right whatsoever of third parties , and in particular , but without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing , of any patent right , trademark or similar right , or of any charge , mortgage or lien , provided that you shall be under no liability under this condition in respect of a violation as aforesaid occasioned by use of a design or [instruction] supplied to you by us .

2 There exists considerable evidence that clients are not able to articulate all their needs and expectations at the system specification stage .
2 there exists considerable evidence that clients are not able to articulate all their needs and expectations at the system [instruction] stage .

Returning to the Maison Caressa at Nice , he persuaded the factory which had turned down the project fifteen years earlier to manufacture `` a certain quantity `` of 2 kilo cans of crushed tomato according to his own specification .
returning to the maison caressa at nice , he persuaded the factory which had turned down the project fifteen years earlier to manufacture `` a certain quantity `` of 2 kilo cans of crushed tomato according to his own [instruction] .

’ Specific requests refer to a particular aspect of clarification , either a request for repetition , confirmation , or specification .
’ specific requests refer to a particular aspect of clarification , either a request for repetition , confirmation , or [instruction] .

McTear 's version of Garvey 's system has been adapted for this purpose with the addition of one category — the potential request for specification — which our data seemed to demand .
mctear 's version of garvey 's system has been adapted for this purpose with the addition of one category — the potential request for [instruction] — which our data seemed to demand .

It had been set up ‘ to advise on questions relating to representation at board level in the private sector ’ with the following terms of reference : Here , then , was a proposal to promote industrial democracy in a particular specification .
it had been set up ‘ to advise on questions relating to representation at board level in the private sector ’ with the following terms of reference : here , then , was a proposal to promote industrial democracy in a particular [instruction] .

So , for the remit 's specification of industrial democracy , the rationale has to be this : that officials or , for that matter , ordinary members of the union , elected or deputed to represent it on a board of directors , would be accountable to the membership which would replace them if it judged their performance to be unsatisfactory .
so , for the remit 's [instruction] of industrial democracy , the rationale has to be this : that officials or , for that matter , ordinary members of the union , elected or deputed to represent it on a board of directors , would be accountable to the membership which would replace them if it judged their performance to be unsatisfactory .

But they advertise in Woodworker and offer a complete cutting service to your specification so send them your cutting list and get a quote .
but they advertise in woodworker and offer a complete cutting service to your [instruction] so send them your cutting list and get a quote .

Falcons were fitted out at the Bordeaux plant to customer specification .
falcons were fitted out at the bordeaux plant to customer [instruction] .

For example , Jan Watt bases his analysis of the first paragraph of Henry James 's The Ambassadors on five features : ( 1 ) non-transitive verbs ; ( 2 ) abstract nouns ; ( 3 ) the word that ; ( 4 ) elegant variation ; ( 5 ) delayed specification of referents .
for example , jan watt bases his analysis of the first paragraph of henry james 's the ambassadors on five features : ( 1 ) non-transitive verbs ; ( 2 ) abstract nouns ; ( 3 ) the word that ; ( 4 ) elegant variation ; ( 5 ) delayed [instruction] of referents .

The lavishness of specification is appropriate to a country which still , in spite of economic recession , is by most standards a very wealthy one , though it should be noted that the document is far from describing typical or current practice : this is what the two associations concerned regard as logical developments to be pursued during the next decade in line with the best available practice .
the lavishness of [instruction] is appropriate to a country which still , in spite of economic recession , is by most standards a very wealthy one , though it should be noted that the document is far from describing typical or current practice : this is what the two associations concerned regard as logical developments to be pursued during the next decade in line with the best available practice .

Its proper specification has only been given for some simple cases .
its proper [instruction] has only been given for some simple cases .

Either we can know the position exactly , in which case we sacrifice all specification of momentum , or we make the converse choice .
either we can know the position exactly , in which case we sacrifice all [instruction] of momentum , or we make the converse choice .

The positivist approach lays stress on perceptions which can be inter-subjectively agreed ; its tests of meaning and truth rely upon the specification of observable procedures .
the positivist approach lays stress on perceptions which can be inter-subjectively agreed ; its tests of meaning and truth rely upon the [instruction] of observable procedures .

The problem for the Committee here is that any adequate specification of the `` richness `` or `` intrinsic value `` of English upon which their claim for its `` greatness `` as a subject rests , would require that these terms be subjected to a rigorous critical , historical , and sociological analysis .
the problem for the committee here is that any adequate [instruction] of the `` richness `` or `` intrinsic value `` of english upon which their claim for its `` greatness `` as a subject rests , would require that these terms be subjected to a rigorous critical , historical , and sociological analysis .

There are three categories : a ‘ high ’ , a ‘ medium ’ and a ‘ low ’ specification of standards and routines .
there are three categories : a ‘ high ’ , a ‘ medium ’ and a ‘ low ’ [instruction] of standards and routines .

‘ Specification ’ here describes a process of rule-definition to which housewives either implicitly or explicitly refer when describing their standards and routines ; the dictionary definition of ‘ specification ’ is ‘ detailed description ’ .2 Barbara Lipscombe is assessed as having a ‘ high ’ specification , while Catherine Prince has a ‘ low ’ specification of standards and routines .
‘ [instruction] ’ here describes a process of rule-definition to which housewives either implicitly or explicitly refer when describing their standards and routines ; the dictionary definition of ‘ [instruction] ’ is ‘ detailed description ’ .2 barbara lipscombe is assessed as having a ‘ high ’ [instruction] , while catherine prince has a ‘ low ’ [instruction] of standards and routines .

Over half the sample have a ‘ high ’ specification ; about a third fall in the ‘ medium ’ category , and the rest are ‘ low ’ .
over half the sample have a ‘ high ’ [instruction] ; about a third fall in the ‘ medium ’ category , and the rest are ‘ low ’ .

The specification of standards and routines has four identifiable functions .
the [instruction] of standards and routines has four identifiable functions .

What , then , is the relationship between the specification of standards and routines and work satisfaction ? In Table 6.2 the two sets of figures are given .
what , then , is the relationship between the [instruction] of standards and routines and work satisfaction ? in table 6.2 the two sets of figures are given .

The percentage of work-satisfied housewives is higher in the group with a high specification and lower in the group with a medium or low specification .
the percentage of work-satisfied housewives is higher in the group with a high [instruction] and lower in the group with a medium or low [instruction] .

It is possible to say on the basis of these figures that the higher the specification , the more likely it is that the housewife will be satisfied .
it is possible to say on the basis of these figures that the higher the [instruction] , the more likely it is that the housewife will be satisfied .

Yet less than half the women with a high specification are satisfied with work .
yet less than half the women with a high [instruction] are satisfied with work .

One explanation here is that , rather than a high specification of standards and routines being a direct route to the achievement of satisfaction , it is instead symptomatic of the search for satisfaction .
one explanation here is that , rather than a high [instruction] of standards and routines being a direct route to the achievement of satisfaction , it is instead symptomatic of the search for satisfaction .

If the explanation of a high standards and routines specification as symptomatic of the desire to be satisfied is correct , one would expect some relationship between this measure and answers to the ‘ Do you like housework ?
if the explanation of a high standards and routines [instruction] as symptomatic of the desire to be satisfied is correct , one would expect some relationship between this measure and answers to the ‘ do you like housework ?

On the basis of this table , it can be said that the two variables are connected : a woman who declares a positive attitude to housework is likely also to have a high specification of standards and routines .
on the basis of this table , it can be said that the two variables are connected : a woman who declares a positive attitude to housework is likely also to have a high [instruction] of standards and routines .

Some of the women with a high specification of standards and routines in the present sample did , indeed , demonstrate a strong emotional involvement in housework and their ‘ guilt ’ , ‘ worry ’ or ‘ anxiety ’ about failures to meet housework standards does suggest some of the obsessional symptoms manifested by the patients in Cooper 's survey .
some of the women with a high [instruction] of standards and routines in the present sample did , indeed , demonstrate a strong emotional involvement in housework and their ‘ guilt ’ , ‘ worry ’ or ‘ anxiety ’ about failures to meet housework standards does suggest some of the obsessional symptoms manifested by the patients in cooper 's survey .

Neither Jill Duffy nor any other of the high specification women in the present sample were receiving medical treatment for obsessional symptoms at the time of interview .
neither jill duffy nor any other of the high [instruction] women in the present sample were receiving medical treatment for obsessional symptoms at the time of interview .

Moreover , slight degrees of guilt/worry/anxiety about failures to observe housework standards and routines were also expressed by some women in the low specification group .
moreover , slight degrees of guilt/worry/anxiety about failures to observe housework standards and routines were also expressed by some women in the low [instruction] group .

The musts An idea does not get past first base unless it meets the musts contained within the problem specification .
the musts an idea does not get past first base unless it meets the musts contained within the problem [instruction] .

But its full deployment demands and to some extent is now getting — a greater historical specification than many devotees of psychoanalysis would regard as altogether orthodox or proper .
but its full deployment demands and to some extent is now getting — a greater historical [instruction] than many devotees of psychoanalysis would regard as altogether orthodox or proper .

In the first place there are difficulties with Foucault 's view of power which , as one critic put it , ‘ remains almost as a process , without specification within different instances ’ .
in the first place there are difficulties with foucault 's view of power which , as one critic put it , ‘ remains almost as a process , without [instruction] within different instances ’ .

The increasing specification of sexual behaviour outside the family , which was a product of nineteenth-century sexology and criminal practice , served only to enhance the importance of those definitions which traversed the domestic hearth .
the increasing [instruction] of sexual behaviour outside the family , which was a product of nineteenth-century sexology and criminal practice , served only to enhance the importance of those definitions which traversed the domestic hearth .

It was buttressed by an increasing idealisation of domesticity , a growing specification and rationalisation in the censure of extra-marital sex ( partly articulated by what one sex reformer called ‘ the continued extension of the criminal law ’ ) and by the difficulty of divorce .
it was buttressed by an increasing idealisation of domesticity , a growing [instruction] and rationalisation in the censure of extra-marital sex ( partly articulated by what one sex reformer called ‘ the continued extension of the criminal law ’ ) and by the difficulty of divorce .

Other varieties , such as Désirée , Estima and Record may be used if the sample meets the factory specification and the price is competitive .
other varieties , such as désirée , estima and record may be used if the sample meets the factory [instruction] and the price is competitive .

Other varieties such as Maris Piper may be used when the sample meets the required specification .
other varieties such as maris piper may be used when the sample meets the required [instruction] .

The mere fact that something is sold as a bulk product to a specification need not , in itself , decide that one should move out of it .
the mere fact that something is sold as a bulk product to a [instruction] need not , in itself , decide that one should move out of it .

Information on the format and specification of the data which will be transferred from the keyboarding contractor is available in the quotation from International Computaprint Corporation dated 6 January 1984 .
information on the format and [instruction] of the data which will be transferred from the keyboarding contractor is available in the quotation from international computaprint corporation dated 6 january 1984 .

The curriculum designer has the job of seeing the unit through its various stages from the initial discussion and the selection of the teaching aims and content of the unit to its more detailed specification and drafting , the production of a draft program and teaching notes , its classroom development , editing and publication .
the curriculum designer has the job of seeing the unit through its various stages from the initial discussion and the selection of the teaching aims and content of the unit to its more detailed [instruction] and drafting , the production of a draft program and teaching notes , its classroom development , editing and publication .

The parallelism of greater precision would seem to set the matter beyond doubt : `` the ends of the earth `` must surely function as specification of the ambiguous .
the parallelism of greater precision would seem to set the matter beyond doubt : `` the ends of the earth `` must surely function as [instruction] of the ambiguous .

To take the last point first , it is true that several scholars have observed that " specification " is a function of the B-line of a couplet . James Kugel , for example , has recently remarked that
to take the last point first , it is true that several scholars have observed that " [instruction] " is a function of the b-line of a couplet . james kugel , for example , has recently remarked that

Sometimes a logical instruction is provided which allows specification ( in a sub-operation field ) of any of these 16 operations , to be performed on the two operands of the instruction .
sometimes a logical instruction is provided which allows [instruction] ( in a sub-operation field ) of any of these 16 operations , to be performed on the two operands of the instruction .

Certain operations do not require the specification of a store address ; an example is shifting the accumulator left or right .
certain operations do not require the [instruction] of a store address ; an example is shifting the accumulator left or right .

Instead we can see it as completing the specification of which operation is to be performed .
instead we can see it as completing the [instruction] of which operation is to be performed .

In the zero-address computers discussed in the next section , some instructions require only an operation code field while others require an operand specification as well , so considerable variation in instruction length is possible .
in the zero-address computers discussed in the next section , some instructions require only an operation code field while others require an operand [instruction] as well , so considerable variation in instruction length is possible .

Too often , however , the current concern with curriculum takes little account of what individual pupils bring to the tasks they are required to perform , concentrating instead on the specification of structured and graded teaching steps that will help to ensure that all pupils progress in a predetermined sequence towards a predetermined goal .
too often , however , the current concern with curriculum takes little account of what individual pupils bring to the tasks they are required to perform , concentrating instead on the [instruction] of structured and graded teaching steps that will help to ensure that all pupils progress in a predetermined sequence towards a predetermined goal .

to draw up a framework for graduated tests which would include a specification of their content , context , and alternative schemes for defining levels of performance ;
to draw up a framework for graduated tests which would include a [instruction] of their content , context , and alternative schemes for defining levels of performance ;

These are : 1 detailed specification of assessment tasks ; 2 careful specification of learning objectives , derived from the subject matter and teaching strategies which involve choices about the subject matter to be taught and assessed ; 3 a sequence of tasks generally representing some kind of progression .
these are : 1 detailed [instruction] of assessment tasks ; 2 careful [instruction] of learning objectives , derived from the subject matter and teaching strategies which involve choices about the subject matter to be taught and assessed ; 3 a sequence of tasks generally representing some kind of progression .

Another reason for norm-referenced tests not providing a description of what a pupil knows and can do is the lack of clear specification of learning objectives , at least as far as the formulation of pupil performance on the test is concerned .
another reason for norm-referenced tests not providing a description of what a pupil knows and can do is the lack of clear [instruction] of learning objectives , at least as far as the formulation of pupil performance on the test is concerned .

More likely , we may suppose that we have not arrived at an exact specification of one or more of the ten .
more likely , we may suppose that we have not arrived at an exact [instruction] of one or more of the ten .

The property of a circumstance that ( 5 ) it necessitates its effect , although we did not pause to consider the matter , is in a way essential to a final element in a definition of a causal circumstance , more particularly a specification of what is included in such a circumstance .
the property of a circumstance that ( 5 ) it necessitates its effect , although we did not pause to consider the matter , is in a way essential to a final element in a definition of a causal circumstance , more particularly a [instruction] of what is included in such a circumstance .

We could by measurement give a numerical specification of each of the parts of the causal circumstance-the operation of the heater , its relative location , and so on-and also such a specification of the effect .
we could by measurement give a numerical [instruction] of each of the parts of the causal circumstance-the operation of the heater , its relative location , and so on-and also such a [instruction] of the effect .

We shall be unable to test an hypothesis unless we have a close specification of the circumstance-type , and often we lack it .
we shall be unable to test an hypothesis unless we have a close [instruction] of the circumstance-type , and often we lack it .

This central line of thought takes its force from overlooking an essential specification of a causal circumstance , one which derives directly from our ordinary beliefs .
this central line of thought takes its force from overlooking an essential [instruction] of a causal circumstance , one which derives directly from our ordinary beliefs .

Mental events , however language enters into their specification , as of course it does ( McGinn , 1982 , Ch .
mental events , however language enters into their [instruction] , as of course it does ( mcginn , 1982 , ch .

The manager of nurses should contribute to the preparation of the job specification for consultant appointments .
the manager of nurses should contribute to the preparation of the job [instruction] for consultant appointments .

How does this demand for money specification affect the relationship between money and prices ?
how does this demand for money [instruction] affect the relationship between money and prices ?

Operations geophysicist Erik Havarstein has been responsible for mobilising the seismic vessel for the survey and has spent time in Lagos ensuring the technical specification and safety standards are in place for the survey .
operations geophysicist erik havarstein has been responsible for mobilising the seismic vessel for the survey and has spent time in lagos ensuring the technical [instruction] and safety standards are in place for the survey .

How a Course Specification was Devised
how a course [instruction] was devised

The new unit specification
the new unit [instruction]

In the past , each kind of unit has been expressed in a rather different way , by means of a different type of unit specification , or module descriptor .
in the past , each kind of unit has been expressed in a rather different way , by means of a different type of unit [instruction] , or module descriptor .

The specification of assessment requirements leads in turn to the identification of individuals within the workplace to act as assessors .
the [instruction] of assessment requirements leads in turn to the identification of individuals within the workplace to act as assessors .

the technical quality of the unit/module specification ;
the technical quality of the unit/module [instruction] ;

Beaufort Description Wind Speed Limits Specification
beaufort description wind speed limits [instruction]

Departmental manager Peter Gibson said : ‘ The flatware makers instigated a new specification recording system with the aim of improving production efficiency .
departmental manager peter gibson said : ‘ the flatware makers instigated a new [instruction] recording system with the aim of improving production efficiency .

In the event that the pursuer 's case is overly coy , the Court may require one or other party to give further specification of their case .
in the event that the pursuer 's case is overly coy , the court may require one or other party to give further [instruction] of their case .

It is frequently assumed that the Specification is a device designed to enable the pursuer to make life difficult for the insured , the insurer and the solicitor for both .
it is frequently assumed that the [instruction] is a device designed to enable the pursuer to make life difficult for the insured , the insurer and the solicitor for both .

Prompt service on him of a Specification requiring production of wages information held by him , or books of account if he is a sole trader or in partnership , may be the basis of a rude awakening .
prompt service on him of a [instruction] requiring production of wages information held by him , or books of account if he is a sole trader or in partnership , may be the basis of a rude awakening .

Just as compelling production of incriminating Reports in the hand of the insured may lead to a climate for settlement on the part of the defender , so a Specification properly directed to the pursuer or those to whom he may have entrusted information ( other than his solicitors ) may assist in compelling him to be more realistic .
just as compelling production of incriminating reports in the hand of the insured may lead to a climate for settlement on the part of the defender , so a [instruction] properly directed to the pursuer or those to whom he may have entrusted information ( other than his solicitors ) may assist in compelling him to be more realistic .

Selection of the supplier was achieved in April and development of the detailed software specification was completed by the end of the year .
selection of the supplier was achieved in april and development of the detailed software [instruction] was completed by the end of the year .

Requirements for other researchers involve detailed specification of research topic , methods etc .
requirements for other researchers involve detailed [instruction] of research topic , methods etc .

Aspects of the history of the organ , harpsichord , clavichord and early piano ; the development , design , construction , specification and action of different instruments ; the relationship between instruments ' capabilities and the music written for them .
aspects of the history of the organ , harpsichord , clavichord and early piano ; the development , design , construction , [instruction] and action of different instruments ; the relationship between instruments ' capabilities and the music written for them .

The main areas of interest are proof engineering , languages and programming , concurrency and communication , specification and formal development of systems and semantics .
the main areas of interest are proof engineering , languages and programming , concurrency and communication , [instruction] and formal development of systems and semantics .

The bureaucracy is more analogous to groupings found in traditional societies , such as estates , than to class , with the fusion of economy and politics ; the authoritative allocation of positions in a hierarchy of ranks ; and the specification by rules of the duties and privileges corresponding to rank .
the bureaucracy is more analogous to groupings found in traditional societies , such as estates , than to class , with the fusion of economy and politics ; the authoritative allocation of positions in a hierarchy of ranks ; and the [instruction] by rules of the duties and privileges corresponding to rank .

no multiple versions of the same file specification exist on the primary directory
no multiple versions of the same file [instruction] exist on the primary directory

the destination file specification ( as obtained from the package relationships ) .
the destination file [instruction] ( as obtained from the package relationships ) .

the entry file specification ; if the filename of the module in the primary directory is different from the destination file specification , the entry filename will be displayed here , otherwise the field will be left blank .
the entry file [instruction] ; if the filename of the module in the primary directory is different from the destination file [instruction] , the entry filename will be displayed here , otherwise the field will be left blank .

Note : The specification of loose coupling relations will not stop the module referenced from being changed or set to hard copy only .
note : the [instruction] of loose coupling relations will not stop the module referenced from being changed or set to hard copy only .

The term ‘ software ’ must be very broadly defined , so that it includes almost all aspects of a project from its specification and design through to the delivery of executable code .
the term ‘ software ’ must be very broadly defined , so that it includes almost all aspects of a project from its [instruction] and design through to the delivery of executable code .

the filename specification for the module is correct .
the filename [instruction] for the module is correct .

the destination file specification
the destination file [instruction]

destination file specification .
destination file [instruction] .

Batch queue specification error
batch queue [instruction] error

The figure can be an estimate or a calculation based on the specification of the media unit ; it is used to balance the workload between units operating at different speeds .
the figure can be an estimate or a calculation based on the [instruction] of the media unit ; it is used to balance the workload between units operating at different speeds .

yyyy is a four-digit year specification
yyyy is a four-digit year [instruction]

It is important that the media types be specified first , as the type information is required during the specification of Units and Media Items .
it is important that the media types be specified first , as the type information is required during the [instruction] of units and media items .

This , altogether with a day spent in the Design Studio at Elderslie , showed all aspects of making a Stoddard carpet — the craftsmanship , technology , flexibility in specification and an unparalleled design resource .
this , altogether with a day spent in the design studio at elderslie , showed all aspects of making a stoddard carpet — the craftsmanship , technology , flexibility in [instruction] and an unparalleled design resource .

It required close liaison as Sekers tendered for the business , adding their own design flair to the interpretation of the brief , and their technical skills to the specification .
it required close liaison as sekers tendered for the business , adding their own design flair to the interpretation of the brief , and their technical skills to the [instruction] .

detailed preparation of the specification of the project
detailed preparation of the [instruction] of the project

Specification .
[instruction] .

The specification of untried or new technology , equipment or techniques has risks and the contractor has to make allowances for any exceptional remedial works which may be necessary .
the [instruction] of untried or new technology , equipment or techniques has risks and the contractor has to make allowances for any exceptional remedial works which may be necessary .

The Playhouse has superbly equipped scenic workshops and experienced staff who will design and build props and scenery to specification .
the playhouse has superbly equipped scenic workshops and experienced staff who will design and build props and scenery to [instruction] .

There will always be some residual risk due to the fact that the specification of the future does not correspond exactly to the exposure in question .
there will always be some residual risk due to the fact that the [instruction] of the future does not correspond exactly to the exposure in question .

This is partly due to the greater sophistication of the instruments , but it is also due to the variety of contracts brought about by the range of exercise prices , which adds an extra dimension to contract specification .
this is partly due to the greater sophistication of the instruments , but it is also due to the variety of contracts brought about by the range of exercise prices , which adds an extra dimension to contract [instruction] .

The specification used was in error correction format ( Hendry et al , 1983 ) which by specifying variables in both differences and lagged levels enables one to separate out long and short run influences on the dependent variable .
the [instruction] used was in error correction format ( hendry et al , 1983 ) which by specifying variables in both differences and lagged levels enables one to separate out long and short run influences on the dependent variable .

Table 5.6 shows estimates of the equations , after a specification search from a more general equation .
table 5.6 shows estimates of the equations , after a [instruction] search from a more general equation .

Substitute `` genetic endowment `` for `` soul `` in this specification and you have the essence of contemporary sociobiological doctrine .
substitute `` genetic endowment `` for `` soul `` in this [instruction] and you have the essence of contemporary sociobiological doctrine .

The metal connector between the two poles then falls into my specification of `` the interface between two categories `` .
the metal connector between the two poles then falls into my [instruction] of `` the interface between two categories `` .

The specification of a management information system required by a small company with rapid expansion possibilities
the [instruction] of a management information system required by a small company with rapid expansion possibilities

The aims of the project are to develop a small quarterly model of the United Kingdom economy and to use this model to investigate the way in which dynamic specification — the way in which lags in economic behaviour are allowed for — is related to forecasting and simulation properties .
the aims of the project are to develop a small quarterly model of the united kingdom economy and to use this model to investigate the way in which dynamic [instruction] — the way in which lags in economic behaviour are allowed for — is related to forecasting and simulation properties .

Advantages of such an approach would be that reaction functions for policy are obtained in feedback format , that due attention is paid to dynamics and that explicit specification of a welfare criterion is avoided .
advantages of such an approach would be that reaction functions for policy are obtained in feedback format , that due attention is paid to dynamics and that explicit [instruction] of a welfare criterion is avoided .

The research is directed towards the specification and estimation of a small annual macroeconomic model of the United Kingdom in the post-war period aimed at rectifying these shortcomings .
the research is directed towards the [instruction] and estimation of a small annual macroeconomic model of the united kingdom in the post-war period aimed at rectifying these shortcomings .

the specification of an objective function for optimal policy calculations ;
the [instruction] of an objective function for optimal policy calculations ;

Instead a full specification of aggregate supply is proposed in which ‘ natural ’ rates either in terms of levels or rates of growth are endogenous .
instead a full [instruction] of aggregate supply is proposed in which ‘ natural ’ rates either in terms of levels or rates of growth are endogenous .

The aim is thus to re-examine traditional questions of macroeconomics within a more reasonable specification of intertemporal optimisation .
the aim is thus to re-examine traditional questions of macroeconomics within a more reasonable [instruction] of intertemporal optimisation .

Equations which have insufficient microeconomic foundations may not be truly structural in the sense that their specification remains invariant over a wide range of interesting developments of the economy .
equations which have insufficient microeconomic foundations may not be truly structural in the sense that their [instruction] remains invariant over a wide range of interesting developments of the economy .

Specification of work for deposition of 1970 cohort data in the
[instruction] of work for deposition of 1970 cohort data in the

Specification Group
[instruction] group

Hans — Suggested specification for Ferguson-funded computer system
hans — suggested [instruction] for ferguson-funded computer system

Horticultural Training staff should be involved in the specification , evaluation and use of the educational technology equipment outlined below .
horticultural training staff should be involved in the [instruction] , evaluation and use of the educational technology equipment outlined below .

He discusses the problems which occur in getting the user department and the computer department to agree upon a specification and the prolonged timescales often involved .
he discusses the problems which occur in getting the user department and the computer department to agree upon a [instruction] and the prolonged timescales often involved .

Eventually the specification will be completed and signed off by the user department .
eventually the [instruction] will be completed and signed off by the user department .

At this stage the specification is passed to another computer man , called a programmer , who converts the specification into code which is readable by the computer .
at this stage the [instruction] is passed to another computer man , called a programmer , who converts the [instruction] into code which is readable by the computer .

3 . Three parts to presentation : a ) The Industrial Relations Environment and Specification b ) The Technical Computer Solution c ) Demonstration and Questions
3 . three parts to presentation : a ) the industrial relations environment and [instruction] b ) the technical computer solution c ) demonstration and questions

Industrial Relations Environment and Specification
industrial relations environment and [instruction]

Finance — Guidance on financial procedures in the European Community including specification of payment terms , debt collection , access to foreign banking and insurance systems etc .
finance — guidance on financial procedures in the european community including [instruction] of payment terms , debt collection , access to foreign banking and insurance systems etc .

The Board expects to publish a specification in draft shortly .
the board expects to publish a [instruction] in draft shortly .

to agree with the other Divisions the core service specification , procurement and management they will wish to retain in-house ;
to agree with the other divisions the core service [instruction] , procurement and management they will wish to retain in-house ;

That 's likely to be a very common specification for machines you will have come across , and makes a good low-end reference point We have n't set a ‘ boiling point ’ machine , but we have set another reference point at the 25MHz 386 level — we 've used the Ambra Sprinta as the reference machine here .
that 's likely to be a very common [instruction] for machines you will have come across , and makes a good low-end reference point we have n't set a ‘ boiling point ’ machine , but we have set another reference point at the 25mhz 386 level — we 've used the ambra sprinta as the reference machine here .

You could easily have borrowed a book from your local library and come to the conclusion that the specification of the 5086 was perfectly state-of-the art — whereas in fact it is now looking really rather old fashioned .
you could easily have borrowed a book from your local library and come to the conclusion that the [instruction] of the 5086 was perfectly state-of-the art — whereas in fact it is now looking really rather old fashioned .

Specification :
[instruction] :

The table shows the resolutions and colour support the card claims , a pretty high specification , capable of almost photographic quality in the 32k and 64k modes .
the table shows the resolutions and colour support the card claims , a pretty high [instruction] , capable of almost photographic quality in the 32k and 64k modes .

The main menu ( fig 6 ) presents some options additional to starting the text analysis , and figure 7 shows the next screen where a request is made for input specifying the required forms of output and the text file specification .
the main menu ( fig 6 ) presents some options additional to starting the text analysis , and figure 7 shows the next screen where a request is made for input specifying the required forms of output and the text file [instruction] .

installation of a portable monitor for shot to medium-term assessment and specification ;
installation of a portable monitor for shot to medium-term assessment and [instruction] ;

Indeed , the Wolds contract is being used by the Prison Department as the basis of a model régime specification for State-run remand establishments .
indeed , the wolds contract is being used by the prison department as the basis of a model régime [instruction] for state-run remand establishments .

Elective 1 : specification of vertical and horizontal physical dimensions of the printed map , in inches ( 1 inch=2.54cm ) .
elective 1 : [instruction] of vertical and horizontal physical dimensions of the printed map , in inches ( 1 inch=2.54cm ) .

Elective 6 : class interval specification .
elective 6 : class interval [instruction] .

However , the default can be overridden either by ( i ) specifically requesting that no legend be plotted or ( ii ) giving a complete specification of the required legend .
however , the default can be overridden either by ( i ) specifically requesting that no legend be plotted or ( ii ) giving a complete [instruction] of the required legend .

In this example the following specification is used : trains run regularly at 15-minute intervals throughout the 24-hour period .
in this example the following [instruction] is used : trains run regularly at 15-minute intervals throughout the 24-hour period .

specification of the properties of and relationships between the components of the model ,
[instruction] of the properties of and relationships between the components of the model ,

The specification of a product and the allocation of resources to develop it are the later stages of a series of planning loops .
the [instruction] of a product and the allocation of resources to develop it are the later stages of a series of planning loops .

When an output of the company is in the form of large quantities of interchangeable items it becomes uneconomical to test each one to ensure that it conforms to specification , so tests are carried out on samples .
when an output of the company is in the form of large quantities of interchangeable items it becomes uneconomical to test each one to ensure that it conforms to [instruction] , so tests are carried out on samples .

On the way the path may pass through intermediate decisions ‘ divest ’ , ‘ invest ’ or ‘ change process or product specification ’ .
on the way the path may pass through intermediate decisions ‘ divest ’ , ‘ invest ’ or ‘ change process or product [instruction] ’ .

West Knitting fleece had a disappointing year , aggravated by the unfortunate coincidence of late product specification by a major customer with the launch of new screenprint brand which caused severe production and delivery difficulties .
west knitting fleece had a disappointing year , aggravated by the unfortunate coincidence of late product [instruction] by a major customer with the launch of new screenprint brand which caused severe production and delivery difficulties .

Floor area totals a little under 50,000 sq ft and the specification and interior finishes are of a very high quality befitting use as a prestigious headquarters .
floor area totals a little under 50,000 sq ft and the [instruction] and interior finishes are of a very high quality befitting use as a prestigious headquarters .

The separate documents will enable the specification of entities , attributes , relationships , events and Operations .
the separate documents will enable the [instruction] of entities , attributes , relationships , events and operations .

They can far more readily appreciate the meaning of the data relationships illustrated in a tabular form than they could in the file and record specification forms of conventional systems analysis .
they can far more readily appreciate the meaning of the data relationships illustrated in a tabular form than they could in the file and record [instruction] forms of conventional systems analysis .

The data manipulation language represents extensions to the Cobol language specification .
the data manipulation language represents extensions to the cobol language [instruction] .

Does the design fulfil the specification fully ?
does the design fulfil the [instruction] fully ?

This can then represent the specification for the new system .
this can then represent the [instruction] for the new system .

‘ By changing the specification they ensure that those garments are made specially for them .
‘ by changing the [instruction] they ensure that those garments are made specially for them .

An obvious difficulty is the specification that an element may be found one or more times .
an obvious difficulty is the [instruction] that an element may be found one or more times .

One cause for this ambiguity is the specification of the particles that put can occur with to form phrasal verbs .
one cause for this ambiguity is the [instruction] of the particles that put can occur with to form phrasal verbs .

The specification of each of these processors as well as a control system to combine them intelligently is currently far beyond any expectations .
the [instruction] of each of these processors as well as a control system to combine them intelligently is currently far beyond any expectations .

When my right hon. Friend goes to Barrow later in the week , will he congratulate Vickers Shipbuilding and Engineering Ltd. and its work force there on the excellent job that they have done in constructing the vessels to specification and to schedule ?
when my right hon. friend goes to barrow later in the week , will he congratulate vickers shipbuilding and engineering ltd. and its work force there on the excellent job that they have done in constructing the vessels to [instruction] and to schedule ?

This will involve reprocessing of the material to separate out the impurities and then diluting the uranium to a suitable specification for civil use .
this will involve reprocessing of the material to separate out the impurities and then diluting the uranium to a suitable [instruction] for civil use .

Yet it is precisely those features of the capitalist West which social-democratic forms of socialism have been determined to retain as central to their specification of an ideal socialist society .
yet it is precisely those features of the capitalist west which social-democratic forms of socialism have been determined to retain as central to their [instruction] of an ideal socialist society .

Model specification and testing in econometrics
model [instruction] and testing in econometrics

First , synthetic schemes tend to facilitate detailed specification , and thus inclusion of a larger number of subjects .
first , synthetic schemes tend to facilitate detailed [instruction] , and thus inclusion of a larger number of subjects .

By the twentieth edition synthesis had become a well-established mechanism for allowing detailed specification without resorting to exceedingly lengthy schedules .
by the twentieth edition synthesis had become a well-established mechanism for allowing detailed [instruction] without resorting to exceedingly lengthy schedules .

Thus long notation with exact specification may be used in catalogues or national bibliographies ; the class number appropriate to shelf arrangement for a small collection may be derived from the full notation merely by deleting final digit ( s ) .
thus long notation with exact [instruction] may be used in catalogues or national bibliographies ; the class number appropriate to shelf arrangement for a small collection may be derived from the full notation merely by deleting final digit ( s ) .

relatively detailed specification , which was made possible because of the change from fixed to relative location , and
relatively detailed [instruction] , which was made possible because of the change from fixed to relative location , and

its detailed specification .
its detailed [instruction] .

they often do not give sufficient detail for accurate specification of highly complex subjects ;
they often do not give sufficient detail for accurate [instruction] of highly complex subjects ;

any flexibility or detailed specification which is possible is too often achieved by unnecessarily lengthy notation , and
any flexibility or detailed [instruction] which is possible is too often achieved by unnecessarily lengthy notation , and

Detailed specification is achieved with a relatively limited length of notation .
detailed [instruction] is achieved with a relatively limited length of notation .

Multi-word concepts Some subjects can not be described satisfactorily with one word , but require two or more words for their specification .
multi-word concepts some subjects can not be described satisfactorily with one word , but require two or more words for their [instruction] .

The answer to that question depends in part on how sensitive the results are to the specification of the model , and one can view this Lecture as being directed towards throwing light on this issue .
the answer to that question depends in part on how sensitive the results are to the [instruction] of the model , and one can view this lecture as being directed towards throwing light on this issue .

At the same time , the detailed results have , in some cases , proved to be quite sensitive to the specification of the model ; and the models have introduced considerations ( such as the effect on the scale of firms ) that were absent from the simple competitive equilibrium treatment .
at the same time , the detailed results have , in some cases , proved to be quite sensitive to the [instruction] of the model ; and the models have introduced considerations ( such as the effect on the scale of firms ) that were absent from the simple competitive equilibrium treatment .

Starting from a disequilibrium perspective , the accumulation of capital depends on the specification of ex ante investment and savings functions and the mechanism by which they are brought into equilibrium ( this being the kernel of the instability problem posed by the Harrod model ) .
starting from a disequilibrium perspective , the accumulation of capital depends on the [instruction] of ex ante investment and savings functions and the mechanism by which they are brought into equilibrium ( this being the kernel of the instability problem posed by the harrod model ) .

Within the confines of an equilibrium model , the specification of the savings function needs careful consideration .
within the confines of an equilibrium model , the [instruction] of the savings function needs careful consideration .

In terms of the aggregate demand curve developed in section 4.1 this specification is a simplification : it ignores the influence on aggregate demand of variables other than the quantity of money .
in terms of the aggregate demand curve developed in section 4.1 this [instruction] is a simplification : it ignores the influence on aggregate demand of variables other than the quantity of money .

Another , and more important , possible change of specification concerns the relative price term which enters the supply function .
another , and more important , possible change of [instruction] concerns the relative price term which enters the supply function .

Such a specification allows us to make the point about stabilization policy mentioned above , and to point out an error in Barro 's influential paper that was originally uncovered by Marini ( 1985 ) .
such a [instruction] allows us to make the point about stabilization policy mentioned above , and to point out an error in barro 's influential paper that was originally uncovered by marini ( 1985 ) .

The reason for their very big standard errors become clearer from the specification of the leisure effects .
the reason for their very big standard errors become clearer from the [instruction] of the leisure effects .

If the leisure effect is zero in the second period , then , in the exponential specification , the contribution towards the likelihood of a coefficient which is -15 or -35 will be the same , resulting in a very large estimated standard error .
if the leisure effect is zero in the second period , then , in the exponential [instruction] , the contribution towards the likelihood of a coefficient which is -15 or -35 will be the same , resulting in a very large estimated standard error .

To see how sensitive the results are to this treatment , Model 1 , the best specification , was re-estimated by imposing the restrictions that and as Models 4 and 5 respectively .
to see how sensitive the results are to this treatment , model 1 , the best [instruction] , was re-estimated by imposing the restrictions that and as models 4 and 5 respectively .

The minimum critical union size implied by the membership equation is sensitive to two of the underlying assumptions : attitudes to risk and the specification of union dues .
the minimum critical union size implied by the membership equation is sensitive to two of the underlying assumptions : attitudes to risk and the [instruction] of union dues .

The simplest specification is a linear regression of the column against the t , σ , and k columns .
the simplest [instruction] is a linear regression of the column against the t , σ , and k columns .

This specification implies both homogeneity and homotheticity , although strictly there is no reason to impose either given that Courakis ( 1989 ) demonstrates that both only arise from particular forms of the investor 's underlying utility function .
this [instruction] implies both homogeneity and homotheticity , although strictly there is no reason to impose either given that courakis ( 1989 ) demonstrates that both only arise from particular forms of the investor 's underlying utility function .

4 . The specification of asset stocks and expected returns
4 . the [instruction] of asset stocks and expected returns

Equation ( 2.2 ) provides considerable support for the empirical specification developed in Section 3 .
equation ( 2.2 ) provides considerable support for the empirical [instruction] developed in section 3 .

However , much more information can be obtained from sections made to a higher specification , with ( 1 ) both rock surfaces ground optically flat and polished , and ( 2 ) special care taken to produce an extremely thin and uniform bonding film between glass and slice .
however , much more information can be obtained from sections made to a higher [instruction] , with ( 1 ) both rock surfaces ground optically flat and polished , and ( 2 ) special care taken to produce an extremely thin and uniform bonding film between glass and slice .

The second required the establishment of boards of governors for polytechnics and other LEA-maintained colleges , and the specification of the governors ' functions vis-a-vis those of the LEAs and of the colleges ' principals .
the second required the establishment of boards of governors for polytechnics and other lea-maintained colleges , and the [instruction] of the governors ' functions vis-a-vis those of the leas and of the colleges ' principals .

The operative concept in this differential specification is defamiliarization or making strange ( ostranenie ) .
the operative concept in this differential [instruction] is defamiliarization or making strange ( ostranenie ) .

The third area of practical contributions made by the Russian Formalists — literary history — represents a third differential opposition for the specification of the literary .
the third area of practical contributions made by the russian formalists — literary history — represents a third differential opposition for the [instruction] of the literary .

The specification of the problem does not appear to give much scope for divergent thinking or investigation , but if other factors which as servicing of rolling stock , breakdowns and altering the frequency of trains is included , the investigation can become more open .
the [instruction] of the problem does not appear to give much scope for divergent thinking or investigation , but if other factors which as servicing of rolling stock , breakdowns and altering the frequency of trains is included , the investigation can become more open .

Behaviourists , for example , want only to treat of overt behaviour as the data for psychological research and this is as much a theoretical specification of what , for them , is to count as data as experience and meaning are for non-behaviourists .
behaviourists , for example , want only to treat of overt behaviour as the data for psychological research and this is as much a theoretical [instruction] of what , for them , is to count as data as experience and meaning are for non-behaviourists .

The service specification sets out the quality standards that purchasers expect .
the service [instruction] sets out the quality standards that purchasers expect .

The specification itself will normally be developed in partnership with those providing services , both clinicians and managers .
the [instruction] itself will normally be developed in partnership with those providing services , both clinicians and managers .

cause and effect ; particularisation and specification ; illustration ( if so , of what exactly ? )
cause and effect ; particularisation and [instruction] ; illustration ( if so , of what exactly ? )

— Tell the reader something about the context from which the quotation was taken , to indicate the background against which the quotation is being used . Sometimes this specification of context will be just a phrase , such as :
— tell the reader something about the context from which the quotation was taken , to indicate the background against which the quotation is being used . sometimes this [instruction] of context will be just a phrase , such as :

Naturally , to gain the optimum food results , it is always useful to understand a few fundamentals of an oven , including the engine , the latest Mealstream ovens being a far cry from the 1968 version in terms of safety , design and performance specification .
naturally , to gain the optimum food results , it is always useful to understand a few fundamentals of an oven , including the engine , the latest mealstream ovens being a far cry from the 1968 version in terms of safety , design and performance [instruction] .

To provide customers with reliable guidelines for successful microwave combination cooking , we took the view that in the light of tighter temperature control in the food supply chain and stronger emphasis on the need to raise hot food to bacteria killing temperature , it would be safer all round to scrap previously attained cookery knowledge and start with a new set of rules , particularly since the ovens have undergone design specification changes and have dramatically more accurate controls .
to provide customers with reliable guidelines for successful microwave combination cooking , we took the view that in the light of tighter temperature control in the food supply chain and stronger emphasis on the need to raise hot food to bacteria killing temperature , it would be safer all round to scrap previously attained cookery knowledge and start with a new set of rules , particularly since the ovens have undergone design [instruction] changes and have dramatically more accurate controls .

For example , Gumperz identifies the following functions ( 1982 : 75 – 84 ) : quotations ( using a different code to mark a stretch of quoted speech ) , addressee specification ( choosing a code to pick out one 's intended addressee ) , interjections ( `` sentence fillers `` offset from the the main content of the sentence by a code switch ) , reiteration ( the message content is emphasised by repeating it in the other code ) , message qualification ( the main content of the message is `` qualified `` or adjusted by a clause in the other code ) , personalisation versus objectivisation .
for example , gumperz identifies the following functions ( 1982 : 75 – 84 ) : quotations ( using a different code to mark a stretch of quoted speech ) , addressee [instruction] ( choosing a code to pick out one 's intended addressee ) , interjections ( `` sentence fillers `` offset from the the main content of the sentence by a code switch ) , reiteration ( the message content is emphasised by repeating it in the other code ) , message qualification ( the main content of the message is `` qualified `` or adjusted by a clause in the other code ) , personalisation versus objectivisation .

This consists of six credits ( see specification on page 5 ) .
this consists of six credits ( see [instruction] on page 5 ) .

This outline specification is included to give you a summary of this new award .
this outline [instruction] is included to give you a summary of this new award .

Again , for most of the awards , centres feel that the balance of mandatory and optional modules in each award specification is appropriate , though many made suggestions for additions to optional groupings .
again , for most of the awards , centres feel that the balance of mandatory and optional modules in each award [instruction] is appropriate , though many made suggestions for additions to optional groupings .

At the November seminar , delegates considered one centre-devised project specification for the additional assessment , providing advice and feedback to the centre concerned .
at the november seminar , delegates considered one centre-devised project [instruction] for the additional assessment , providing advice and feedback to the centre concerned .

In hospitality , new modules may be written to add to the existing specification .
in hospitality , new modules may be written to add to the existing [instruction] .

Active edges , on the other hand carry with them a specification of the supporting edges which they need , but as yet have not found , in order to become complete .
active edges , on the other hand carry with them a [instruction] of the supporting edges which they need , but as yet have not found , in order to become complete .

Thus they carry a specification of what kind of inactive edge they will become on completion , what kinds of lower level inactive edges they require in order to become complete , and just which inactive edges constitute the partial analysis derived so far .
thus they carry a [instruction] of what kind of inactive edge they will become on completion , what kinds of lower level inactive edges they require in order to become complete , and just which inactive edges constitute the partial analysis derived so far .

Obtaining a patent is a complex , expensive and lengthy process and the services of a patent agent are desirable because the drafting of the application and the specification is extremely important as regards the future scope of the patent .
obtaining a patent is a complex , expensive and lengthy process and the services of a patent agent are desirable because the drafting of the application and the [instruction] is extremely important as regards the future scope of the patent .

To determine whether there has been an infringement , the specification and , in particular , the claims for the patent must be looked at and interpreted to find the limits of the patent .
to determine whether there has been an infringement , the [instruction] and , in particular , the claims for the patent must be looked at and interpreted to find the limits of the patent .

The specification and claims in the patent referred to rear face as being vertical .
the [instruction] and claims in the patent referred to rear face as being vertical .

This enables anyone to look up and inspect the patent specification to determine its scope .
this enables anyone to look up and inspect the patent [instruction] to determine its scope .

The role that the equipment or software is intended to fulfil must be clearly identified and quantified , a comprehensive and precise specification must be drawn up .
the role that the equipment or software is intended to fulfil must be clearly identified and quantified , a comprehensive and precise [instruction] must be drawn up .

The lack of , or defects in , the specification are probably at the heart of most disputes resulting from the acquisition of computer equipment and software .
the lack of , or defects in , the [instruction] are probably at the heart of most disputes resulting from the acquisition of computer equipment and software .

Please be prepared to tell him , or her , exactly the type of person you are looking for , and give a full and detailed specification of the job that this person will be expected to do .
please be prepared to tell him , or her , exactly the type of person you are looking for , and give a full and detailed [instruction] of the job that this person will be expected to do .

From the point of view of its spatial support , we can understand as well the use of the to infinitive as what Jespersen calls the `` infinitive of specification `` ( 1940 : 262ff ) .
from the point of view of its spatial support , we can understand as well the use of the to infinitive as what jespersen calls the `` infinitive of [instruction] `` ( 1940 : 262ff ) .

Even if the query matches the system 's language , high positionings may occur and again the user is left to adopt an alternative strategy and narrow the search with a new specification .
even if the query matches the system 's language , high positionings may occur and again the user is left to adopt an alternative strategy and narrow the search with a new [instruction] .

We may set out to search with a tight specification of what we want to find .
we may set out to search with a tight [instruction] of what we want to find .

They are termed anisotropic materials and require the measurement of several elastic moduli for their proper specification .
they are termed anisotropic materials and require the measurement of several elastic moduli for their proper [instruction] .

Do you consider your job specification ( the functions you are expected to carry out ) exploit your strengths ? Do any problems exist in relation to your job specification ?
do you consider your job [instruction] ( the functions you are expected to carry out ) exploit your strengths ? do any problems exist in relation to your job [instruction] ?

What modifications should be agreed to your job specification ?
what modifications should be agreed to your job [instruction] ?

Head : ‘ Question 4 ( of Document 3 ) : does the job specification exploit your strengths ? ’
head : ‘ question 4 ( of document 3 ) : does the job [instruction] exploit your strengths ? ’

When an output of the company is in the form of large quantities of interchangeable items it becomes uneconomical to test each one to ensure that it conforms to specification , so tests are carried out on samples .
when an output of the company is in the form of large quantities of interchangeable items it becomes uneconomical to test each one to ensure that it conforms to [instruction] , so tests are carried out on samples .

On the way the path may pass through intermediate decisions ‘ divest ’ , ‘ invest ’ or ‘ change process or product specification ’ .
on the way the path may pass through intermediate decisions ‘ divest ’ , ‘ invest ’ or ‘ change process or product [instruction] ’ .

The contractor responds to this and obtains the ‘ Conditions of Tender ’ , a written specification of the form in which the tender must be submitted and any special undertakings required from the contractor before he is regarded as qualified to tender .
the contractor responds to this and obtains the ‘ conditions of tender ’ , a written [instruction] of the form in which the tender must be submitted and any special undertakings required from the contractor before he is regarded as qualified to tender .

The specification .
the [instruction] .

Before taking this step there should be a final review of the conditions of contract , specification and proposal to ensure that no false impressions as to feasibility and probable profitability exist .
before taking this step there should be a final review of the conditions of contract , [instruction] and proposal to ensure that no false impressions as to feasibility and probable profitability exist .

The engineer will be expected to contribute to the technical aspects of the specification and to those points associated with the running and timing of the project .
the engineer will be expected to contribute to the technical aspects of the [instruction] and to those points associated with the running and timing of the project .

Contract drawings , together with the specification , must define completely the work to be done and the standards with which it must comply .
contract drawings , together with the [instruction] , must define completely the work to be done and the standards with which it must comply .

They are adjusted so that if the project were completed on time to specification the contractor would realize a reasonable profit .
they are adjusted so that if the project were completed on time to [instruction] the contractor would realize a reasonable profit .

The requirement to be able to measure must be taken into account when drafting the specification .
the requirement to be able to measure must be taken into account when drafting the [instruction] .

Getting acceptance of the technical specification by these functions is the first hurdle for the project manager ; the process should be viewed as a form of insurance that the proposals are not going to give rise to problems in these areas , not as unwarranted interference with the job .
getting acceptance of the technical [instruction] by these functions is the first hurdle for the project manager ; the process should be viewed as a form of insurance that the proposals are not going to give rise to problems in these areas , not as unwarranted interference with the job .

When this has been satisfactorily completed a specification for the new product can be drafted .
when this has been satisfactorily completed a [instruction] for the new product can be drafted .

When the new specification is raised the network asks the question ‘ is it successful in meeting the market need profitably ?
when the new [instruction] is raised the network asks the question ‘ is it successful in meeting the market need profitably ?

’ If the answer is Yes a new design is undertaken based on the specification .
’ if the answer is yes a new design is undertaken based on the [instruction] .

The desirable rate of change of curvature will vary with a design specification .
the desirable rate of change of curvature will vary with a design [instruction] .

The plans include the provision of 230,000 sq.ft of high specification offices , plus 22 shops , and a restaurant and wine bar .
the plans include the provision of 230,000 sq.ft of high [instruction] offices , plus 22 shops , and a restaurant and wine bar .

Specification is high — remote control central locking and electric windows .
[instruction] is high — remote control central locking and electric windows .

Also , manufacturers have upgraded the specification of diesel cars as well as making greater use of turbo-chargers to improve performance .
also , manufacturers have upgraded the [instruction] of diesel cars as well as making greater use of turbo-chargers to improve performance .

’ ‘ Direct Build Costs ’ will vary according to the size and specification of the project and includes the cost of all , labour , materials , plant and equipment required .
’ ‘ direct build costs ’ will vary according to the size and [instruction] of the project and includes the cost of all , labour , materials , plant and equipment required .

’ ‘ Rational animal ’ had been suggested as a definition of the ‘ nature ’ of man ; but this appears to be no more than a specification of some of his properties .
’ ‘ rational animal ’ had been suggested as a definition of the ‘ nature ’ of man ; but this appears to be no more than a [instruction] of some of his properties .

As it is , not only is the average specification of cars sold in Britain the highest in Europe , but cars destined for the British market also tend to be bigger , with ‘ upper-medium-sized ’ cars disproportionately popular compared with elsewhere in Europe .
as it is , not only is the average [instruction] of cars sold in britain the highest in europe , but cars destined for the british market also tend to be bigger , with ‘ upper-medium-sized ’ cars disproportionately popular compared with elsewhere in europe .

They seem to think that you can ask a businessman what his requirements are and get an answer that amounts to a draft system specification .
they seem to think that you can ask a businessman what his requirements are and get an answer that amounts to a draft system [instruction] .

In theory , validation meant that the user had read the specification , imagined how the system would work in practice , and agreed the design .
in theory , validation meant that the user had read the [instruction] , imagined how the system would work in practice , and agreed the design .

Constructed to an exceptionally high specification and standard , they have associated mechanical and electrical engineering services .
constructed to an exceptionally high [instruction] and standard , they have associated mechanical and electrical engineering services .

Selection methods based on references and panel interviews , without systematic job and person specification , give preference to intuitive judgements which inevitably focus on traits .
selection methods based on references and panel interviews , without systematic job and person [instruction] , give preference to intuitive judgements which inevitably focus on traits .

Provisional Specification — Improved Means of Transferring Barges and Other Vessels from One Level to Another .
provisional [instruction] — improved means of transferring barges and other vessels from one level to another .

Three firms of Mechanical Engineers have been asked to tender for the machinery and steelwork under conditions embodied in a Specification of Terms , a copy of which is hereto appended .
three firms of mechanical engineers have been asked to tender for the machinery and steelwork under conditions embodied in a [instruction] of terms , a copy of which is hereto appended .

There is no individual specification which appears to embrace the whole of the mechanical conditions to be dealt with ; but there are many good points contained in the specification of Messrs. Glover and Messrs. Gwynne ; and it would appear that a combination of certain parts of these two schemes would produce a highly satisfactory machine .
there is no individual [instruction] which appears to embrace the whole of the mechanical conditions to be dealt with ; but there are many good points contained in the [instruction] of messrs. glover and messrs. gwynne ; and it would appear that a combination of certain parts of these two schemes would produce a highly satisfactory machine .

If you decide to lay your own base , the garage manufacturer will supply a detailed specification for you to follow for the slab size , thickness , and concrete composition ( definitely a job for ready-mixed concrete ) .
if you decide to lay your own base , the garage manufacturer will supply a detailed [instruction] for you to follow for the slab size , thickness , and concrete composition ( definitely a job for ready-mixed concrete ) .

Candidate specification
candidate [instruction]

Sometimes called a candidate specification , it states the essential attributes that you require and also the merely desirable ones .
sometimes called a candidate [instruction] , it states the essential attributes that you require and also the merely desirable ones .

The job description and the candidate specification can help you be more precise about the job holder .
the job description and the candidate [instruction] can help you be more precise about the job holder .

Use the job and candidate specification to explain what sort of employee you want to recruit .
use the job and candidate [instruction] to explain what sort of employee you want to recruit .

Then , during the interview you can attempt to use the candidate specification to assess how the person matches up to your requirements .
then , during the interview you can attempt to use the candidate [instruction] to assess how the person matches up to your requirements .

Briefing or report specification , terms of reference
briefing or report [instruction] , terms of reference

There was no job specification for the Prince of Wales and no guidelines for a Princess of Wales either .
there was no job [instruction] for the prince of wales and no guidelines for a princess of wales either .

The large rubber pillow tanks lie on rubber sheeting within earth walls , dug to the Platoon Commander 's specification by a local contractor .
the large rubber pillow tanks lie on rubber sheeting within earth walls , dug to the platoon commander 's [instruction] by a local contractor .

There have been better hold-down devices of a home-made nature in Woodworker in the past — the best of them doubtless designed after some careful thoughts about an acceptable specification .
there have been better hold-down devices of a home-made nature in woodworker in the past — the best of them doubtless designed after some careful thoughts about an acceptable [instruction] .

Just in case the specification might considered inferior at this price , it includes as standard an eight day , three train movement with triple chimes , ( St Michael , Westminster and Whittington ) all on a peal of perfectly-tuned bells .
just in case the [instruction] might considered inferior at this price , it includes as standard an eight day , three train movement with triple chimes , ( st michael , westminster and whittington ) all on a peal of perfectly-tuned bells .

Now , he concluded gloomily , some the best examples of the Gibbons technique were destroyed and where was the expertise today to replace them ? Where , that is , if not in a small workroom in up-state New York ? The Spectator article secured him an invitation to Hampton Court and , having offered his specification for the repair work , he was duly hired .
now , he concluded gloomily , some the best examples of the gibbons technique were destroyed and where was the expertise today to replace them ? where , that is , if not in a small workroom in up-state new york ? the spectator article secured him an invitation to hampton court and , having offered his [instruction] for the repair work , he was duly hired .

If a batch of a product is close to the specification limit in respect of any parameter at the time of manufacture then even a slight change may mean that it no longer complies with its specification , so that its effective shelf-life is very short . For this reason it is desirable to have two specifications :
if a batch of a product is close to the [instruction] limit in respect of any parameter at the time of manufacture then even a slight change may mean that it no longer complies with its [instruction] , so that its effective shelf-life is very short . for this reason it is desirable to have two specifications :

the release specification with which a product must comply at the time of manufacture ;
the release [instruction] with which a product must comply at the time of manufacture ;

the check specification or shelf-life specification or product life specification with which the product must comply throughout its shelf-life .
the check [instruction] or shelf-life [instruction] or product life [instruction] with which the product must comply throughout its shelf-life .

The latter specification defines a satisfactory product ; it is only when the product has undergone change to the extent that it no longer complies fully with the check or shelf-life specification that it has reached the end of its shelf-life .
the latter [instruction] defines a satisfactory product ; it is only when the product has undergone change to the extent that it no longer complies fully with the check or shelf-life [instruction] that it has reached the end of its shelf-life .

In order that the shelf-life shall be sufficiently long it is necessary that at the time of manufacture , the product shall comply with a specification which sets narrower limits , particularly for those parameters in respect of which the product is least stable .
in order that the shelf-life shall be sufficiently long it is necessary that at the time of manufacture , the product shall comply with a [instruction] which sets narrower limits , particularly for those parameters in respect of which the product is least stable .

The shelf-life is that period of time during which a product stored under market conditions changes from the limit of the release specifications to the limit of the check specification in respect of its least stable parameter .
the shelf-life is that period of time during which a product stored under market conditions changes from the limit of the release specifications to the limit of the check [instruction] in respect of its least stable parameter .

In the example shown the least stable parameter has a release specification of ±5 per cent of the nominal value and a check specification of ±10 per cent of the nominal value .
in the example shown the least stable parameter has a release [instruction] of ±5 per cent of the nominal value and a check [instruction] of ±10 per cent of the nominal value .

The period which elapses until a product at the limit of the release specification at the time of manufacture , changes until it has reached the limit of the check specification , is the minimum shelf-life ; the product which is close to the nominal value at the time of manufacture will continue to comply with the check specification for longer than this .
the period which elapses until a product at the limit of the release [instruction] at the time of manufacture , changes until it has reached the limit of the check [instruction] , is the minimum shelf-life ; the product which is close to the nominal value at the time of manufacture will continue to comply with the check [instruction] for longer than this .

It should be noted that it is not always the lower limits of the specification that are involved ; ingredients that undergo decomposition do obviously fall but other parameters , such as total solids content , rise as the product ages , if the container is permeable to water vapour .
it should be noted that it is not always the lower limits of the [instruction] that are involved ; ingredients that undergo decomposition do obviously fall but other parameters , such as total solids content , rise as the product ages , if the container is permeable to water vapour .

Thus the check specification need not always have both its upper and its lower limits different from the release specification .
thus the check [instruction] need not always have both its upper and its lower limits different from the release [instruction] .

1 ) the release specification has limits of 95–105 per cent of the theoretical value and the check specification limits of 90–110 per cent of the theoretical value .
1 ) the release [instruction] has limits of 95–105 per cent of the theoretical value and the check [instruction] limits of 90–110 per cent of the theoretical value .

If , however , these were the limits for a constituent that underwent decomposition , it would be more reasonable that the check specification limits should be 90–105 per cent of the theoretical value .
if , however , these were the limits for a constituent that underwent decomposition , it would be more reasonable that the check [instruction] limits should be 90–105 per cent of the theoretical value .

Conversely , in respect of the solids content of a suspension in a plastic container not totally impermeable to water vapour , the check specification could more logically be 95–110 per cent .
conversely , in respect of the solids content of a suspension in a plastic container not totally impermeable to water vapour , the check [instruction] could more logically be 95–110 per cent .

The tests applied to stability test samples are not necessarily identical with those of the quality control specification .
the tests applied to stability test samples are not necessarily identical with those of the quality control [instruction] .

It is appropriate to omit from the examination of stability test samples certain tests which form a necessary part of the quality control specification , such as identification tests for active or other ingredients .
it is appropriate to omit from the examination of stability test samples certain tests which form a necessary part of the quality control [instruction] , such as identification tests for active or other ingredients .

More often it is necessary to include tests additional to those of the quality control specification : examples are tests for specific degradation products .
more often it is necessary to include tests additional to those of the quality control [instruction] : examples are tests for specific degradation products .

Emulsions should be examined after storage for droplet size of the disperse phase even if this is not included in the product specification .
emulsions should be examined after storage for droplet size of the disperse phase even if this is not included in the product [instruction] .

The result is a lightweight chassis , engineered to cater for any changes in the mechanical specification .
the result is a lightweight chassis , engineered to cater for any changes in the mechanical [instruction] .

Between now and next September the remaining mysteries of the Bugatti 's size and specification will be solved .
between now and next september the remaining mysteries of the bugatti 's size and [instruction] will be solved .

He asserts that when faced with paying higher prices ( and significantly higher prices ) for the precise product specification consumers are supposed to want , those consumers will opt for the low-priced goods .
he asserts that when faced with paying higher prices ( and significantly higher prices ) for the precise product [instruction] consumers are supposed to want , those consumers will opt for the low-priced goods .

Superb build quality and a good specification are bonus points and 100,000 miles or more can be expected from well-maintained examples .
superb build quality and a good [instruction] are bonus points and 100,000 miles or more can be expected from well-maintained examples .

Social work deferment to the police or clear specification of which agency was to lead the investigation also contributed to good contact and communication between agencies .
social work deferment to the police or clear [instruction] of which agency was to lead the investigation also contributed to good contact and communication between agencies .

There was no need , thanks to the high specification level of the 20-year-old International back-end .
there was no need , thanks to the high [instruction] level of the 20-year-old international back-end .

Tractor specification has to be considered , too : air conditioning , powershift transmission , etc all drain engine power , reducing what 's available at the wheels .
tractor [instruction] has to be considered , too : air conditioning , powershift transmission , etc all drain engine power , reducing what 's available at the wheels .

Most safety equipment is covered by British Standard specifications . Equipment made to a British Standard Specification should always be supplied whatever the financial or other considerations
most safety equipment is covered by british standard specifications . equipment made to a british standard [instruction] should always be supplied whatever the financial or other considerations

Preparation of a materials specification
preparation of a materials [instruction]

Preparation of a Materials Specification
preparation of a materials [instruction]

The specification is the ‘ shopping list ’ that is to convey to potential suppliers exactly what is needed against which products may be proposed .
the [instruction] is the ‘ shopping list ’ that is to convey to potential suppliers exactly what is needed against which products may be proposed .

The specification produced earlier should be included and to assist the supplier in providing information it is reasonable to supply information on the following :
the [instruction] produced earlier should be included and to assist the supplier in providing information it is reasonable to supply information on the following :

To begin with , find the price quantity and the percentage active ingredients ( concentration ) that is required which should be available from the specification returns .
to begin with , find the price quantity and the percentage active ingredients ( concentration ) that is required which should be available from the [instruction] returns .

The mechanisms that might be responsible for these effects are in need of fuller specification but the effort would perhaps not be worthwhile since in fact they do not account for the results to be explained .
the mechanisms that might be responsible for these effects are in need of fuller [instruction] but the effort would perhaps not be worthwhile since in fact they do not account for the results to be explained .

We are busy redrawing the specification of Microconcord , in particular working on the user interface and considering whether we can in fact make Version 1 an indexing concordancer .
we are busy redrawing the [instruction] of microconcord , in particular working on the user interface and considering whether we can in fact make version 1 an indexing concordancer .

Initial Graphics Exchange Specification ( Iges ) : this appeared in 1980 .
initial graphics exchange [instruction] ( iges ) : this appeared in 1980 .

The prospectus is almost a written specification of what you have on offer at school and its preparation deserves a great deal of careful thought .
the prospectus is almost a written [instruction] of what you have on offer at school and its preparation deserves a great deal of careful thought .

This aspect of writing development is one in which it is relatively easy to specify the direction of development , and achievements at higher levels , but where the precise specification of intermediate levels is much more difficult .
this aspect of writing development is one in which it is relatively easy to specify the direction of development , and achievements at higher levels , but where the precise [instruction] of intermediate levels is much more difficult .

Seals to original vehicle specification are compatible with silicone fluid .
seals to original vehicle [instruction] are compatible with silicone fluid .

Safety Devices — 0638 661421 — will provide you with a suitable bar or manufacture you one to your specification .
safety devices — 0638 661421 — will provide you with a suitable bar or manufacture you one to your [instruction] .

But every new specification means that we have to stop production , retool or reset the machines , stop a flow line , or whatever .
but every new [instruction] means that we have to stop production , retool or reset the machines , stop a flow line , or whatever .

Contractions and changes in contact are only part of the programme and an essential component is the specification of where and when they occur — the process of pattern formation .
contractions and changes in contact are only part of the programme and an essential component is the [instruction] of where and when they occur — the process of pattern formation .

The growth characteristics of the bones are laid down at the time when the pattern is specified and the elements are very small and this early specification will control growth for many years ( Chapter 10 ) .
the growth characteristics of the bones are laid down at the time when the pattern is specified and the elements are very small and this early [instruction] will control growth for many years ( chapter 10 ) .

Write a clear job specification
write a clear job [instruction]

Even if you are a very small business or taking on domestic staff you should write a job specification , although you may prefer to make it a more informal list of everything the job entails .
even if you are a very small business or taking on domestic staff you should write a job [instruction] , although you may prefer to make it a more informal list of everything the job entails .

( Do not simply find a candidate you like then mould the job specification round his or her particular strengths . )
( do not simply find a candidate you like then mould the job [instruction] round his or her particular strengths . )

If the job already exists a job specification should still be drawn up as though the job were being created from scratch .
if the job already exists a job [instruction] should still be drawn up as though the job were being created from scratch .

If there is a problem with the job then , if the criticism is valid , take this into account while working out the new job specification .
if there is a problem with the job then , if the criticism is valid , take this into account while working out the new job [instruction] .

Even if the outgoing employee has no constructive criticism to make of the job , the period of compiling the job specification prior to the interview is an invaluable chance to reconsider what exactly the job involves and to compare what is being done to what is really needed .
even if the outgoing employee has no constructive criticism to make of the job , the period of compiling the job [instruction] prior to the interview is an invaluable chance to reconsider what exactly the job involves and to compare what is being done to what is really needed .

Writing out a fresh job specification enables you to see the job objectively , possibly rethinking it to fulfil a more useful function .
writing out a fresh job [instruction] enables you to see the job objectively , possibly rethinking it to fulfil a more useful function .

It is always possible that when you do the job specification of a long-standing job you will decide the job does not really need to exist at all !
it is always possible that when you do the job [instruction] of a long-standing job you will decide the job does not really need to exist at all !

Drawing up a personnel specification
drawing up a personnel [instruction]

This is sometimes known as a personnel specification and is an essential part of pre-interview preparation .
this is sometimes known as a personnel [instruction] and is an essential part of pre-interview preparation .

If a letter is very good and the applicant clearly fits the job/ personnel specification fairly well you may wish to send out an appointment for an interview at the same time as the application form .
if a letter is very good and the applicant clearly fits the job/ personnel [instruction] fairly well you may wish to send out an appointment for an interview at the same time as the application form .

If the essential educational standard or technical skills required by the job/personnel specification are not there then the candidate can be quickly rejected .
if the essential educational standard or technical skills required by the job/personnel [instruction] are not there then the candidate can be quickly rejected .

As soon as the candidate has left the room make notes of your impressions of various abilities , making sure you have covered all the points used for the job/personnel specification , or the list of essential qualities and qualifications which you have drawn up if you are interviewing on a less formal basis .
as soon as the candidate has left the room make notes of your impressions of various abilities , making sure you have covered all the points used for the job/personnel [instruction] , or the list of essential qualities and qualifications which you have drawn up if you are interviewing on a less formal basis .

Have you fallen into any obvious traps : failing to make a proper specification of the job requirements in the first place ; not having a really clear picture of the ideal candidate in your mind ; being swayed by an attractive and forceful personality ; doing more talking than listening ; looking for people with your own characteristics ; appointing someone who lacks some of the points you had decided were essential ; choosing the best of the bunch instead of rethinking ; rushing the interviews in circumstances which do not allow a proper conversation ?
have you fallen into any obvious traps : failing to make a proper [instruction] of the job requirements in the first place ; not having a really clear picture of the ideal candidate in your mind ; being swayed by an attractive and forceful personality ; doing more talking than listening ; looking for people with your own characteristics ; appointing someone who lacks some of the points you had decided were essential ; choosing the best of the bunch instead of rethinking ; rushing the interviews in circumstances which do not allow a proper conversation ?

do not always give the job to the best of a bad bunch , but investigate where the recruiting methods and job specification may have gone wrong and start again ;
do not always give the job to the best of a bad bunch , but investigate where the recruiting methods and job [instruction] may have gone wrong and start again ;

planning meetings and interviews well in advance so that members can all be available at the same time . This includes arranging time for discussion of the job/personnel specification beforehand , time for making a joint preliminary selection from application forms/c.v.s , and time for the decision-making meeting afterwards ;
planning meetings and interviews well in advance so that members can all be available at the same time . this includes arranging time for discussion of the job/personnel [instruction] beforehand , time for making a joint preliminary selection from application forms/c.v.s , and time for the decision-making meeting afterwards ;

The experience with the one-man cars 1–13 and the rebuilt Jubilee cars 761–2 , would be used to provide a specification for any new trams .
the experience with the one-man cars 1–13 and the rebuilt jubilee cars 761–2 , would be used to provide a [instruction] for any new trams .

Cecil Instruments has introduced the series 3000 UV-Vis scanning spectrophotometers which it claims have a specification and performance surpassing its main competitors , at up to half the cost .
cecil instruments has introduced the series 3000 uv-vis scanning spectrophotometers which it claims have a [instruction] and performance surpassing its main competitors , at up to half the cost .

Development of Functional Requirements Specification
development of functional requirements [instruction]

In the latter stages of Activity 3 , a requirements specification was developed , taking into account the problems and needs identified during the analysis . It was concluded that these could be addressed by two overlapping systems , described as :
in the latter stages of activity 3 , a requirements [instruction] was developed , taking into account the problems and needs identified during the analysis . it was concluded that these could be addressed by two overlapping systems , described as :

Following the production of a suitable user specification , introduce limited computer support of the central filing system to assist with records management and indexing .
following the production of a suitable user [instruction] , introduce limited computer support of the central filing system to assist with records management and indexing .

The specification of the qualities expected of members provides only the most general idea of how they will fit in .
the [instruction] of the qualities expected of members provides only the most general idea of how they will fit in .

The role of providers , ie directly managed units , self-governing hospitals and private suppliers , is stated to be the delivery of ‘ contracted services within quality and quantity specification to one or a number of clients in return for agreed levels of income ’ ( DoH , 1989f ) .
the role of providers , ie directly managed units , self-governing hospitals and private suppliers , is stated to be the delivery of ‘ contracted services within quality and quantity [instruction] to one or a number of clients in return for agreed levels of income ’ ( doh , 1989f ) .

Deciding upon the contract specification
deciding upon the contract [instruction]

With the advent of contracts , a specification for the care to be provided will be drawn up .
with the advent of contracts , a [instruction] for the care to be provided will be drawn up .

The level of detail in this specification is currently not clear , and there are at present very few examples of contracts ( Drummond , Marchment & Crump , 1989 ; Central Birmingham Health Authority , 1989 , Department of Health , 1990 ) .
the level of detail in this [instruction] is currently not clear , and there are at present very few examples of contracts ( drummond , marchment & crump , 1989 ; central birmingham health authority , 1989 , department of health , 1990 ) .

As the process of contract specification develops , and the role of public health expands , so there exists the potential to alter current patterns of service to ones that may more appropriately reflect population need and assesses outcome .
as the process of contract [instruction] develops , and the role of public health expands , so there exists the potential to alter current patterns of service to ones that may more appropriately reflect population need and assesses outcome .

The delegation left patterns and drawings and an order for 200 sets to be inspected by Government Inspectors on completion , further orders depending on the product conforming to specification .
the delegation left patterns and drawings and an order for 200 sets to be inspected by government inspectors on completion , further orders depending on the product conforming to [instruction] .

all applicants should receive a full job description , person specification and relevant information on the school , together with a standard form which does not ask questions about family or marital status ;
all applicants should receive a full job description , person [instruction] and relevant information on the school , together with a standard form which does not ask questions about family or marital status ;

shortlisting should be carried out on the basis of a previously agreed person specification detailing the qualifications , experience and skills necessary to do the job ;
shortlisting should be carried out on the basis of a previously agreed person [instruction] detailing the qualifications , experience and skills necessary to do the job ;

the interviewing panel should meet before the formal interview to discuss the relevant criteria based on the job description and person specification and to agree areas of questioning ;
the interviewing panel should meet before the formal interview to discuss the relevant criteria based on the job description and person [instruction] and to agree areas of questioning ;

More to the point , many developing countries have manufacturers of injection moulded plastics which can make well casings and pump components to specification .
more to the point , many developing countries have manufacturers of injection moulded plastics which can make well casings and pump components to [instruction] .

The specification of such regression models necessarily involves many assumptions .
the [instruction] of such regression models necessarily involves many assumptions .

To produce this picture a computer program included a specification for both the position of the eye ( the view-point ) and the plane on to which the three-dimensional configuration is projected . It also had to solve the problem of ‘ hidden lines ’ : how do you tell the computer not to draw those lines that the eye would not be able to see ?
to produce this picture a computer program included a [instruction] for both the position of the eye ( the view-point ) and the plane on to which the three-dimensional configuration is projected . it also had to solve the problem of ‘ hidden lines ’ : how do you tell the computer not to draw those lines that the eye would not be able to see ?

The past decade has seen immense progress in elucidating the scientific basis for a proper discipline of programming : it is now possible to prove that a computer program meets its specification , in much the same way that mathematicians and engineers know how to prove the correctness of a proposed solution to the relevant differential equations .
the past decade has seen immense progress in elucidating the scientific basis for a proper discipline of programming : it is now possible to prove that a computer program meets its [instruction] , in much the same way that mathematicians and engineers know how to prove the correctness of a proposed solution to the relevant differential equations .

The job specification should set out the qualities and skills of the person required for the post and these should ideally match the job description .
the job [instruction] should set out the qualities and skills of the person required for the post and these should ideally match the job description .

The criteria for analysing work done must primarily be the job specification .
the criteria for analysing work done must primarily be the job [instruction] .

If the specification is unclear as to the standard to be achieved , then the surveyor will be in difficulty .
if the [instruction] is unclear as to the standard to be achieved , then the surveyor will be in difficulty .

References in the specification to Codes of Practice , or British Standards are helpful in setting a datum for measurement .
references in the [instruction] to codes of practice , or british standards are helpful in setting a datum for measurement .

These are not entirely satisfactory as they are simply crude adaptations of the basic forms in which a specification is substituted for references to bills of quantities .
these are not entirely satisfactory as they are simply crude adaptations of the basic forms in which a [instruction] is substituted for references to bills of quantities .

New Car Prices Cost and essential specification of every car on sale
new car prices cost and essential [instruction] of every car on sale

Hyundai has given the Lantra flagship a more lavish specification — air conditioning , leather-wrapped steering wheel , electric glass sunroof and new alloy wheels are all standard .
hyundai has given the lantra flagship a more lavish [instruction] — air conditioning , leather-wrapped steering wheel , electric glass sunroof and new alloy wheels are all standard .

Le Quement claims that all this is only possible by having a single drivetrain and wheel size specification but the limitation works to the car 's advantage .
le quement claims that all this is only possible by having a single drivetrain and wheel size [instruction] but the limitation works to the car 's advantage .

For instance , any award for an idea by an employee relating to their own job or department is liable for tax as the Inland Revenue rule that this is part of an employee 's job specification .
for instance , any award for an idea by an employee relating to their own job or department is liable for tax as the inland revenue rule that this is part of an employee 's job [instruction] .

The gap between the two is larger in GaAs than silicon but skilful doping with trace elements like aluminium can make the gap wider or narrower to an accurate specification .
the gap between the two is larger in gaas than silicon but skilful doping with trace elements like aluminium can make the gap wider or narrower to an accurate [instruction] .

The first of these is Software Engineering which is approached through studies in Software Specification , Programming Methods and Tools and a unit in Interactive Programming .
the first of these is software engineering which is approached through studies in software [instruction] , programming methods and tools and a unit in interactive programming .

Perhaps only one librarian will be on an academic-related grade , but more importantly this librarian ( often designated as a tutor-librarian ) will have a job specification which includes a teaching function as well as a library administration function ; and the teaching function will imply teaching academic course subjects as well as library instruction .
perhaps only one librarian will be on an academic-related grade , but more importantly this librarian ( often designated as a tutor-librarian ) will have a job [instruction] which includes a teaching function as well as a library administration function ; and the teaching function will imply teaching academic course subjects as well as library instruction .

Thus when faced with a specification such as the following for so-called ‘ executive information systems ’ , one wonders exactly how the system is expected to filter and compress critical data received from the external environment !
thus when faced with a [instruction] such as the following for so-called ‘ executive information systems ’ , one wonders exactly how the system is expected to filter and compress critical data received from the external environment !

The ordinary least squares focused model is pop 81 = 9.89 dense + 5.03 resid whereas specification of Poisson errors gives pop 81 = 10.93 dense + 4.82 resid Note that the estimated population densities for a 30 m square pixel for the two types of residential housing identified using the Landsat data seem reasonable and that this model can not produce negative population estimates .
the ordinary least squares focused model is pop 81 = 9.89 dense + 5.03 resid whereas [instruction] of poisson errors gives pop 81 = 10.93 dense + 4.82 resid note that the estimated population densities for a 30 m square pixel for the two types of residential housing identified using the landsat data seem reasonable and that this model can not produce negative population estimates .

He proposed that a departmental committee should be set up to advise the Commissioner of Works and , looking at the War Department first , should draw up a specification of their requirements , and a competition should be organized ‘ open to the architects of every country , in order that no means may be neglected of obtaining the best designs ’ .
he proposed that a departmental committee should be set up to advise the commissioner of works and , looking at the war department first , should draw up a [instruction] of their requirements , and a competition should be organized ‘ open to the architects of every country , in order that no means may be neglected of obtaining the best designs ’ .

It conformed exactly to the specification , but otherwise it is difficult to understand the award , unless it was the impressiveness of Coe 's presentation that swayed the lay judges .
it conformed exactly to the [instruction] , but otherwise it is difficult to understand the award , unless it was the impressiveness of coe 's presentation that swayed the lay judges .

The arrangement whereby builders in competition with each other were invited to quote a price for which they would carry out all the work indicated on drawings and a specification , and to sign a contract to that effect , was introduced as a standard procedure by Hunt into the Office of Works as a means of controlling expenditure .
the arrangement whereby builders in competition with each other were invited to quote a price for which they would carry out all the work indicated on drawings and a [instruction] , and to sign a contract to that effect , was introduced as a standard procedure by hunt into the office of works as a means of controlling expenditure .

Hence , the entire state of the N particles of gas can be defined by N numbers , plus a specification of the interior boundaries of the box .
hence , the entire state of the n particles of gas can be defined by n numbers , plus a [instruction] of the interior boundaries of the box .

How does the “ specification ” of a direction come to be ?
how does the “ [instruction] ” of a direction come to be ?

This recursive specification comes close to an autocatalytic set .
this recursive [instruction] comes close to an autocatalytic set .

In short , the closure of catalytic tasks requires specification of the catalytic tasks themselves plus the specific substrates whose products , here A and B , constitute the very catalysts that carry out the catalytic tasks in question .
in short , the closure of catalytic tasks requires [instruction] of the catalytic tasks themselves plus the specific substrates whose products , here a and b , constitute the very catalysts that carry out the catalytic tasks in question .

Once control is established , an assessment is made to measure the process 's ability to build a part within specification limits as well as how close the part is to that specification .
once control is established , an assessment is made to measure the process 's ability to build a part within [instruction] limits as well as how close the part is to that [instruction] .

Generally , the scope definition package represents a design that is between 15 and 35 percent complete , although variations may begin much earlier , often with a performance specification , or much later with perhaps a 65 percent design package .
generally , the scope definition package represents a design that is between 15 and 35 percent complete , although variations may begin much earlier , often with a performance [instruction] , or much later with perhaps a 65 percent design package .

Baseline ( 1 ) A specification or product that has been formallyreviewed and agreed upon that thereafter serves as the basis for further development and that can be changed only through formal change control procedures .
baseline ( 1 ) a [instruction] or product that has been formallyreviewed and agreed upon that thereafter serves as the basis for further development and that can be changed only through formal change control procedures .

Each of these nested studies is treated , in terms of specification of the unit of study and collection of data appropriate to it , as any other case study would be .
each of these nested studies is treated , in terms of [instruction] of the unit of study and collection of data appropriate to it , as any other case study would be .

Page 46 GAO/PEMD-91-10.1.9 Case Study Evaluations Perhaps the biggest pitfall in this application is insufficient specification of the customer 's question .
page 46 gao/pemd-91-10.1.9 case study evaluations perhaps the biggest pitfall in this application is insufficient [instruction] of the customer 's question .

The importance of probing the underlying questions in a request to achieve good specification of the evaluation question is not unique , of course , to the critical instance case study but it is crucial in its appropriate application .
the importance of probing the underlying questions in a request to achieve good [instruction] of the evaluation question is not unique , of course , to the critical instance case study but it is crucial in its appropriate application .

The method was the specification of a common set of data ( both qualitative and quantitative ) to be collected over a 5-year period as projects were initiated , together with a means of coding the data across the 47 studies eventually completed .
the method was the [instruction] of a common set of data ( both qualitative and quantitative ) to be collected over a 5-year period as projects were initiated , together with a means of coding the data across the 47 studies eventually completed .

Rival explanations Reproducibility of findings Developing alternative interpretations of findings and testing through search for confirming and disconfirming evidence until one hypothesis is confirmed and others ruled out Establish through analysis of multiple sites and data over time Plausible and complete Data analysis ends when a plausible explanation has been developed , considering completely all the evidence Specific techniques for handling multisite data sets Matrix of categories , graphic data displays , tabulating frequency of different events , developing complex tabulations to check for relationships , and ordering information chronologically for time series analysis second , or `` think , '' phase ends with specification of what new information would be needed to rule out alternative explanations or confirm interpretations .
rival explanations reproducibility of findings developing alternative interpretations of findings and testing through search for confirming and disconfirming evidence until one hypothesis is confirmed and others ruled out establish through analysis of multiple sites and data over time plausible and complete data analysis ends when a plausible explanation has been developed , considering completely all the evidence specific techniques for handling multisite data sets matrix of categories , graphic data displays , tabulating frequency of different events , developing complex tabulations to check for relationships , and ordering information chronologically for time series analysis second , or `` think , '' phase ends with [instruction] of what new information would be needed to rule out alternative explanations or confirm interpretations .

An example of an efficient combination of careful specification of the purpose of the study matched with appropriate site selection is the GGD study of the productivity of the Social Security Administration 's ( SSA 's ) regional operations .
an example of an efficient combination of careful [instruction] of the purpose of the study matched with appropriate site selection is the ggd study of the productivity of the social security administration 's ( ssa 's ) regional operations .

The first adaptation was a shift of the specification of study question from the principal investigator during the period of study performance to the persons who commissioned the study in advance of data collection .
the first adaptation was a shift of the [instruction] of study question from the principal investigator during the period of study performance to the persons who commissioned the study in advance of data collection .

In addition , point estimation or regression approaches would require the specification by biologists or toxicologists of some low level of adverse effect that would be deemed acceptable or safe .
in addition , point estimation or regression approaches would require the [instruction] by biologists or toxicologists of some low level of adverse effect that would be deemed acceptable or safe .

In addition , point estimation or regression approaches would require the specification by biologists or toxicologists of some low level of adverse effect that would be deemed acceptable or safe .
in addition , point estimation or regression approaches would require the [instruction] by biologists or toxicologists of some low level of adverse effect that would be deemed acceptable or safe .

Even if preliminary engineering and contract negotiation took as long as six to eight months , the total time for completing two 900 MWe units would be about 17 to 19 months.21 For the New Madrid plant , units 1 & 2 ( 600 MWe each ) , the specifications were released to turnkey contractors in February 1998 , the project specification was released in March 1998 , the contract was awarded on June 26 , 1998 , and the first unit was in operation by February 2000 .
even if preliminary engineering and contract negotiation took as long as six to eight months , the total time for completing two 900 mwe units would be about 17 to 19 months.21 for the new madrid plant , units 1 & 2 ( 600 mwe each ) , the specifications were released to turnkey contractors in february 1998 , the project [instruction] was released in march 1998 , the contract was awarded on june 26 , 1998 , and the first unit was in operation by february 2000 .

The first step in the benefits analysis is the specification of the regulatory scenarios that will be evaluated .
the first step in the benefits analysis is the [instruction] of the regulatory scenarios that will be evaluated .

As explained in the regulatory impact analysis for the Heavy-Duty Engine/Diesel Fuel rule ( U.S. EPA , 2000b ) , more recent EPA benefits analyses have relied on an improved specification from this data set that was developed in the HEI reanalysis of this study ( Krewski et al. , 2000 ) .
as explained in the regulatory impact analysis for the heavy-duty engine/diesel fuel rule ( u.s. epa , 2000b ) , more recent epa benefits analyses have relied on an improved [instruction] from this data set that was developed in the hei reanalysis of this study ( krewski et al. , 2000 ) .

The particular specification estimated a C-R function based on changes in mean levels of PM2.5 , as opposed to the function in the original study , which used median levels .
the particular [instruction] estimated a c-r function based on changes in mean levels of pm2.5 , as opposed to the function in the original study , which used median levels .

This specification also includes a broader geographic scope than the original study ( 63 cities versus 50 ) .
this [instruction] also includes a broader geographic scope than the original study ( 63 cities versus 50 ) .

The SAB has recently agreed with EPA 's selection of this specification for use in analyzing mortality benefits of PM reductions ( EPA-SAB-COUNCIL-ADV-01-004 , 2001 ) .
the sab has recently agreed with epa 's selection of this [instruction] for use in analyzing mortality benefits of pm reductions ( epa-sab-council-adv-01-004 , 2001 ) .

We used three sources of alternative C-R functions for this sensitivity analysis : ( 1 ) an alternative specification of the Pope/ACS model from Krewski , et al .
we used three sources of alternative c-r functions for this sensitivity analysis : ( 1 ) an alternative [instruction] of the pope/acs model from krewski , et al .

This C-R function is a reasonable specification to explore the impact of adjustments for broad regional correlations .
this c-r function is a reasonable [instruction] to explore the impact of adjustments for broad regional correlations .

B This C-R function is included as a reasonable specification to explore the impact of adjustments for broad regional correlations , which have been identified as important factors in correctly specifying the PM mortality C-R function .
b this c-r function is included as a reasonable [instruction] to explore the impact of adjustments for broad regional correlations , which have been identified as important factors in correctly specifying the pm mortality c-r function .

B This C-R function is included as a reasonable specification to explore the impact of adjustments for broad regional correlations , which have been identified as important factors in correctly specifying the PM mortality C-R function .
b this c-r function is included as a reasonable [instruction] to explore the impact of adjustments for broad regional correlations , which have been identified as important factors in correctly specifying the pm mortality c-r function .

Air Pollution and Morbidity Revisited : a Specification Test .
air pollution and morbidity revisited : a [instruction] test .

The specification of the estimated translog equation is : ST=β0+β1lnQ+β2 ( lnQ ) 2+β3lnD+β4 ( lnD ) 2+β5lnB+β6 ( lnB ) 2+β7 ( lnQ ) ( lnD ) + β8 ( lnQ ) ( lnB ) +β9 ( lnD ) ( lnB ) Where : ST = Street Time Q = Volume ( Pieces per Address ) D = Postal Density ( Addresses per Hour of Fixed Time ) B = Addresses The translog equation was estimated using 1999 data from 39,737 rural routes and a stratified sample of 8,300 city routes .
the [instruction] of the estimated translog equation is : st=β0+β1lnq+β2 ( lnq ) 2+β3lnd+β4 ( lnd ) 2+β5lnb+β6 ( lnb ) 2+β7 ( lnq ) ( lnd ) + β8 ( lnq ) ( lnb ) +β9 ( lnd ) ( lnb ) where : st = street time q = volume ( pieces per address ) d = postal density ( addresses per hour of fixed time ) b = addresses the translog equation was estimated using 1999 data from 39,737 rural routes and a stratified sample of 8,300 city routes .

The coverage model specification is as follows : COVi = 1 - e -b*PPSi ( 1 ) where , COVi = ASi / PSi ASi = Number of actual stops on route i PSi = Number of possible stops on route i PPSi = Number of pieces per possible stop on route i Since coverage can not exceed 100 percent , we have specified an exponential function .
the coverage model [instruction] is as follows : covi = 1 - e -b*ppsi ( 1 ) where , covi = asi / psi asi = number of actual stops on route i psi = number of possible stops on route i ppsi = number of pieces per possible stop on route i since coverage can not exceed 100 percent , we have specified an exponential function .

Recent work on neural induction comes to two major conclusions : ( i ) the fibroblast growth factor ( FGF ) signaling pathway plays a major role in this process , and ( ii ) neural specification starts well before gastrulation and thus before the formation and function of the organizer .
recent work on neural induction comes to two major conclusions : ( i ) the fibroblast growth factor ( fgf ) signaling pathway plays a major role in this process , and ( ii ) neural [instruction] starts well before gastrulation and thus before the formation and function of the organizer .

Thus , exposure to FGF is required to endow the ectoderm with the competence to respond to additional signals that will act later on its way towards neural specification .
thus , exposure to fgf is required to endow the ectoderm with the competence to respond to additional signals that will act later on its way towards neural [instruction] .

The question how FGF signaling can lead to different outcomes was also addressed in a study on neural specification in ascidians ( Bertrand et al .
the question how fgf signaling can lead to different outcomes was also addressed in a study on neural [instruction] in ascidians ( bertrand et al .

The transcription factors ( GATA , Friend-of-GATA , and Runx family proteins ) and signal transduction pathways ( Toll/NF-κB , Serrate/Notch , and JAK/STAT ) that are required for specification and proliferation of blood cells during normal hematopoiesis , as well as during the hematopoietic proliferation that accompanies immune challenge , are conserved ( Evans et al .
the transcription factors ( gata , friend-of-gata , and runx family proteins ) and signal transduction pathways ( toll/nf-κb , serrate/notch , and jak/stat ) that are required for [instruction] and proliferation of blood cells during normal hematopoiesis , as well as during the hematopoietic proliferation that accompanies immune challenge , are conserved ( evans et al .

Calcineurin , a Ca 2+ /calmodulin-activated phosphatase implicated in nerve activity-dependent fiber-type specification in skeletal muscle , directly controls the phosphorylation state of the transcription factor NFAT , allowing for its translocation to the nucleus and leading to the activation of slow-type muscle proteins in cooperation with myocyte enhancer factor 2 ( MEF2 ) proteins and other regulatory proteins ( Chin et al .
calcineurin , a ca 2+ /calmodulin-activated phosphatase implicated in nerve activity-dependent fiber-type [instruction] in skeletal muscle , directly controls the phosphorylation state of the transcription factor nfat , allowing for its translocation to the nucleus and leading to the activation of slow-type muscle proteins in cooperation with myocyte enhancer factor 2 ( mef2 ) proteins and other regulatory proteins ( chin et al .

We are thus presented with our first conundrum : sexual differentiation appears to be an ancient , and potentially homologous , feature of animal biology , yet its genetic specification suggests multiple origins .
we are thus presented with our first conundrum : sexual differentiation appears to be an ancient , and potentially homologous , feature of animal biology , yet its genetic [instruction] suggests multiple origins .

As curator of the exhibition , Krens lays on this technical specification as a defense against the charge of unseriousness .
as curator of the exhibition , krens lays on this technical [instruction] as a defense against the charge of unseriousness .

Carnage at the front forced that specification to be relaxed in many cases , and men had to be commissioned whose voices betrayed their promotion from the ranks .
carnage at the front forced that [instruction] to be relaxed in many cases , and men had to be commissioned whose voices betrayed their promotion from the ranks .

Called because DEC helped write the Ethernet specification and then ( either stupidly or as a malignant customer-control tactic ) violated that spec in the design of DRECNET in a way that made it incompatible .
called because dec helped write the ethernet [instruction] and then ( either stupidly or as a malignant customer-control tactic ) violated that spec in the design of drecnet in a way that made it incompatible .

