He specifies , `` in the middle period of the Nineteenth Century it was colored by Christian supernaturalism , in the Twentieth Century it was affected by naturalism .
he [names] , `` in the middle period of the nineteenth century it was colored by christian supernaturalism , in the twentieth century it was affected by naturalism .

Rhode Island law specifies that all real estate is taxable in the town in which it is situated .
rhode island law [names] that all real estate is taxable in the town in which it is situated .

For the States which maintain two separate agencies -- one for the vocational rehabilitation of the blind , and one for the rehabilitation of persons other than the blind -- the Act specifies that their minimum ( base ) allotment shall be divided between the two agencies in the same proportion as it was divided in fiscal year 1954 .
for the states which maintain two separate agencies -- one for the vocational rehabilitation of the blind , and one for the rehabilitation of persons other than the blind -- the act [names] that their minimum ( base ) allotment shall be divided between the two agencies in the same proportion as it was divided in fiscal year 1954 .

Well , ordinarily he is , except ( as the Wheel of the Law specifies ) toward impious folk who steal , disturb , or maltreat the Presence .
well , ordinarily he is , except ( as the wheel of the law [names] ) toward impious folk who steal , disturb , or maltreat the presence .

Duras never really specifies .
duras never really [names] .

The issuing authority will arrange for each local contact specified in 3 above to prepare a supplement which specifies specific local or national stewardship issues .
the issuing authority will arrange for each local contact specified in 3 above to prepare a supplement which [names] specific local or national stewardship issues .

Employers are entitled to require their employees to move to different premises if there is an express term in the contract which specifies where they may be required to work .
employers are entitled to require their employees to move to different premises if there is an express term in the contract which [names] where they may be required to work .

Consequently in 1510 these were bracketed with squires of the body and other court officers , while the 1533 act specifies in addition esquires or gentlemen eligible for knighthood or to serve as knights of the shire .
consequently in 1510 these were bracketed with squires of the body and other court officers , while the 1533 act [names] in addition esquires or gentlemen eligible for knighthood or to serve as knights of the shire .

Foucault specifies the difference between them by contrasting their relation to the document : the historians of total history have been engaged above all in the interpretation of documents , attempting to reconstitute the past , to give it an inner meaning ( always available only to the historian ) , to recover a voice and allow it to speak .
foucault [names] the difference between them by contrasting their relation to the document : the historians of total history have been engaged above all in the interpretation of documents , attempting to reconstitute the past , to give it an inner meaning ( always available only to the historian ) , to recover a voice and allow it to speak .

It specifies this biological normality further , by linking it explicitly with marriage , lack of employment outside the home , and being in your twenties or thirties ; and implicitly with being heterosexual , middle class , and white .
it [names] this biological normality further , by linking it explicitly with marriage , lack of employment outside the home , and being in your twenties or thirties ; and implicitly with being heterosexual , middle class , and white .

This analysis corresponds to what Marr terms a ‘ computational theory ’ of edge detection , since it specifies the goal of the computation and the strategy by which it will be carried out .
this analysis corresponds to what marr terms a ‘ computational theory ’ of edge detection , since it [names] the goal of the computation and the strategy by which it will be carried out .

It specifies for the managing adults when to give a lot of positive attention , and precisely the behaviour they are aiming to reinforce .
it [names] for the managing adults when to give a lot of positive attention , and precisely the behaviour they are aiming to reinforce .

From 48″ × 20″ × 15″ up at least one manufacturer specifies 10mm glass .
from 48″ × 20″ × 15″ up at least one manufacturer [names] 10mm glass .

Each link object specifies some source node , link type , target node , pointers to paragraphs , and perhaps other attributes .
each link object [names] some source node , link type , target node , pointers to paragraphs , and perhaps other attributes .

Should the police obtain an order enabling them to gain access to client papers the order usually specifies the client 's — the practitioner should be prepared to have the necessary files ready on the day they visit .
should the police obtain an order enabling them to gain access to client papers the order usually [names] the client 's — the practitioner should be prepared to have the necessary files ready on the day they visit .

The Tessa legislation specifies that the account must not be held on behalf of another person .
the tessa legislation [names] that the account must not be held on behalf of another person .

In sentence 1 the identity of the person who wants to resign is grammatically established as the president and in sentence 2 it is established as some male person who is not the president : the grammar itself specifies disjunctive reference for him .
in sentence 1 the identity of the person who wants to resign is grammatically established as the president and in sentence 2 it is established as some male person who is not the president : the grammar itself [names] disjunctive reference for him .

This Order , which is now in force , specifies that various building society resources which appear in annual accounts or accounting records are to be treated as capital resources to be aggregated with reserves for the purpose of the first criterion of prudent management .
this order , which is now in force , [names] that various building society resources which appear in annual accounts or accounting records are to be treated as capital resources to be aggregated with reserves for the purpose of the first criterion of prudent management .

Correlation specifies that every event in history is connected with others , and the whole of history is a kind of network of these inter-relations .
correlation [names] that every event in history is connected with others , and the whole of history is a kind of network of these inter-relations .

For each firm that is party to the agreement , a ‘ punishment path ’ is formulated , which specifies outputs ( or prices ) for each firm to be adopted if the firm in question deviates from the agreement .
for each firm that is party to the agreement , a ‘ punishment path ’ is formulated , which [names] outputs ( or prices ) for each firm to be adopted if the firm in question deviates from the agreement .

Informally put , in the case of an oligopolistic market this can be achieved by an agreement which specifies that the punishing firms choose outputs or prices which yield them higher profit than at the collusive allocation , so that they would actually gain in the punishment phase .
informally put , in the case of an oligopolistic market this can be achieved by an agreement which [names] that the punishing firms choose outputs or prices which yield them higher profit than at the collusive allocation , so that they would actually gain in the punishment phase .

The standard rate is charged unless the government specifies otherwise . Supplies relevant to the hotel and catering industry which are zero rated are food and drink which are not :
the standard rate is charged unless the government [names] otherwise . supplies relevant to the hotel and catering industry which are zero rated are food and drink which are not :

It is also a tool for management , because a budget , as an operational budget , specifies either directly or implicitly the cost , time and nature of expected results .
it is also a tool for management , because a budget , as an operational budget , [names] either directly or implicitly the cost , time and nature of expected results .

In the parish of Norton-by-Twycross , on the borders of Warwickshire and Leicestershire , the award of 1748 specifies that the road to London , which is here the main road between Burton-on-Trent and Atherstone , should be not less than thirty-three yards wide .
in the parish of norton-by-twycross , on the borders of warwickshire and leicestershire , the award of 1748 [names] that the road to london , which is here the main road between burton-on-trent and atherstone , should be not less than thirty-three yards wide .

Article 3 ( 1 ) specifies offences for which extradition is to be reciprocally granted ; but article 3 ( 2 ) provides that extradition is also to be granted for participation in those offences , provided that the participation was punishable by the laws of both high contracting parties .
article 3 ( 1 ) [names] offences for which extradition is to be reciprocally granted ; but article 3 ( 2 ) provides that extradition is also to be granted for participation in those offences , provided that the participation was punishable by the laws of both high contracting parties .

… ’ Schedule 3 specifies all documents , correspondence and memoranda relating to any accounts or assets , owned or controlled by the first 16 defendants , and to their dealings with the assets of the defendants or the sums described in Schedule 1 .
… ’ schedule 3 [names] all documents , correspondence and memoranda relating to any accounts or assets , owned or controlled by the first 16 defendants , and to their dealings with the assets of the defendants or the sums described in schedule 1 .

’ Section 38 specifies what the expression means .
’ section 38 [names] what the expression means .

Where a manufacturer 's instruction book specifies the use of alkaline batteries , then these should be used .
where a manufacturer 's instruction book [names] the use of alkaline batteries , then these should be used .

The lesson here is not to skimp on batteries , and always use alkalines if the manufacturer specifies them .
the lesson here is not to skimp on batteries , and always use alkalines if the manufacturer [names] them .

The 1976 Act specifies in Sched .
the 1976 act [names] in sched .

Where a licensing board : ( a ) refuses to grant , renew or transfer a licence under this Part of this Act , or ( b ) on an application for the grant of a licence under this Part of this Act , specifies , as types of liquor which may be sold under the licence , types other than those in respect of which the application for the licence was made , or ( c ) on an application for renewal of a licence under this Part of this Act , does not comply with any request duly made by the applicant for a change in the specification of the types of liquor which may be sold under the licence , or ( d ) requires modifications in the rules proposed to be made as to the persons entitled to use the canteen , or withholds its consent to a variation of those rules , or ( e ) makes an order under section 42(4) of this Act , the applicant or , as the case may be , the licence-holder may appeal to the sheriff from such a decision of the licensing board .
where a licensing board : ( a ) refuses to grant , renew or transfer a licence under this part of this act , or ( b ) on an application for the grant of a licence under this part of this act , [names] , as types of liquor which may be sold under the licence , types other than those in respect of which the application for the licence was made , or ( c ) on an application for renewal of a licence under this part of this act , does not comply with any request duly made by the applicant for a change in the specification of the types of liquor which may be sold under the licence , or ( d ) requires modifications in the rules proposed to be made as to the persons entitled to use the canteen , or withholds its consent to a variation of those rules , or ( e ) makes an order under section 42(4) of this act , the applicant or , as the case may be , the licence-holder may appeal to the sheriff from such a decision of the licensing board .

So if the chart specifies an outbound time of , say , 2 minutes , this must be converted into a distance and flown at your estimated groundspeed .
so if the chart [names] an outbound time of , say , 2 minutes , this must be converted into a distance and flown at your estimated groundspeed .

When the chart specifies a time outbound such as the 3 minutes on the adjoining pattern , such time is meaningless unless allied with a specific speed to produce a specific distance .
when the chart [names] a time outbound such as the 3 minutes on the adjoining pattern , such time is meaningless unless allied with a specific speed to produce a specific distance .

Tangible links are where SBUs have buyers , distribution channels , technology or competitors in common ( Porter has three categories , but it seems that competitor interrelationships are just as much a tangible link as those he specifies under that heading ) .
tangible links are where sbus have buyers , distribution channels , technology or competitors in common ( porter has three categories , but it seems that competitor interrelationships are just as much a tangible link as those he [names] under that heading ) .

The emission standards strategy specifies the maximum amount or concentration of a pollutant which is allowed to be emitted from a given source .
the emission standards strategy [names] the maximum amount or concentration of a pollutant which is allowed to be emitted from a given source .

In other cases an emission standard may control the nature of the fuel burned : for example , in the case of sulphur dioxide emissions , an emission standard to limit the sulphur dioxide emitted per unit of fuel burned specifies the use of coal with a low sulphur content-say , 1 per cent by weight .
in other cases an emission standard may control the nature of the fuel burned : for example , in the case of sulphur dioxide emissions , an emission standard to limit the sulphur dioxide emitted per unit of fuel burned [names] the use of coal with a low sulphur content-say , 1 per cent by weight .

In the ‘ rational ’ decision-making model , the policy-maker first specifies the objectives that he is trying to achieve , second musters all the evidence necessary for an analysis of alternative ways of achieving these objectives and , third , chooses the most cost-effective means of achieving these objectives .
in the ‘ rational ’ decision-making model , the policy-maker first [names] the objectives that he is trying to achieve , second musters all the evidence necessary for an analysis of alternative ways of achieving these objectives and , third , chooses the most cost-effective means of achieving these objectives .

Development of a prescriptive model of fault- finding which specifies the goals and sub-goals associated with fault finding and their interrelationships .
development of a prescriptive model of fault- finding which [names] the goals and sub-goals associated with fault finding and their interrelationships .

The patent for the vellum process was granted to James Edwards on 28 January 1785 , in London , and specifies that the parts of the skin to be decorated must be soaked in a solution of pearl ash and pressed .
the patent for the vellum process was granted to james edwards on 28 january 1785 , in london , and [names] that the parts of the skin to be decorated must be soaked in a solution of pearl ash and pressed .

Section 364 specifies the ‘ general ’ information which the return must state .
section 364 [names] the ‘ general ’ information which the return must state .

Lexical retrieval : the lexicon is searched , and retrieved from it are abstract codes representing the content words ( nouns , verbs , adjectives , some adverbs ) that the message level representation specifies — in our example , codes representing the words boy , girl , flower , and hit .
lexical retrieval : the lexicon is searched , and retrieved from it are abstract codes representing the content words ( nouns , verbs , adjectives , some adverbs ) that the message level representation [names] — in our example , codes representing the words boy , girl , flower , and hit .

Such an approach also clearly specifies operating procedures and mechanisms laid down in a formal manual for example .
such an approach also clearly [names] operating procedures and mechanisms laid down in a formal manual for example .

Culture also specifies what qualities are valued within organisations such as loyalty , confidentiality , dynamism , hard work , the ability to sell a product , and so on .
culture also [names] what qualities are valued within organisations such as loyalty , confidentiality , dynamism , hard work , the ability to sell a product , and so on .

The cast list printed in the wordbook , however , specifies a Grand Dance not of 24 persons but of ‘ 24 Chineses ’ ; while in the manuscript score , copied separately at the reverse end of the book , is the big movement — the longest instrumental number in the entire show — headed ‘ Chaconne : Dance for a Chinese man and woman ’ .
the cast list printed in the wordbook , however , [names] a grand dance not of 24 persons but of ‘ 24 chineses ’ ; while in the manuscript score , copied separately at the reverse end of the book , is the big movement — the longest instrumental number in the entire show — headed ‘ chaconne : dance for a chinese man and woman ’ .

The Children Act specifies certain services which every local authority must provide and they are given a power to provide services in other cases .
the children act [names] certain services which every local authority must provide and they are given a power to provide services in other cases .

This is a difficult area in practice as the legislation specifies no age at which children may be considered to have the requisite degree of understanding .
this is a difficult area in practice as the legislation [names] no age at which children may be considered to have the requisite degree of understanding .

The table in Appendix 3 specifies those who must be named as respondents and those entitled to notice of the application .
the table in appendix 3 [names] those who must be named as respondents and those entitled to notice of the application .

Section 1 of the Law of Property ( Miscellaneous Provisions ) Act 1989 specifies that if an instrument is to be a deed , this must be clear on the face of it , and that the requirement for individuals to seal is abolished .
section 1 of the law of property ( miscellaneous provisions ) act 1989 [names] that if an instrument is to be a deed , this must be clear on the face of it , and that the requirement for individuals to seal is abolished .

If , however , the court order specifies that the lump sum is to be used for the purpose of purchasing a home for the assisted person or her dependants enforcement of the charge can be postponed ( Civil Legal Aid ( General ) Regulations 1989 , reg 96 ) .
if , however , the court order [names] that the lump sum is to be used for the purpose of purchasing a home for the assisted person or her dependants enforcement of the charge can be postponed ( civil legal aid ( general ) regulations 1989 , reg 96 ) .

Data protection principle number two specifies that :
data protection principle number two [names] that :

First , an oral contract can never be caught , since s 3 ( 1 ) specifies dealing on `` written standard terms of business `` .
first , an oral contract can never be caught , since s 3 ( 1 ) [names] dealing on `` written standard terms of business `` .

Clause 7 of Precedent 1 expressly specifies that this is to be the case .
clause 7 of precedent 1 expressly [names] that this is to be the case .

The problem for the draftsman of a partnership agreement who specifies the initial ratio and provides that in future years it shall be as agreed between the partners at the beginning or end of each year is that the equal sharing required under the Partnership Act in default of agreement will always benefit at least one of the partners .
the problem for the draftsman of a partnership agreement who [names] the initial ratio and provides that in future years it shall be as agreed between the partners at the beginning or end of each year is that the equal sharing required under the partnership act in default of agreement will always benefit at least one of the partners .

Similarly , where an agreement specifies the time for doing three things ( eg , taking procedural steps towards a rent review ) and two of the three are stated to have a time limit which is of the essence of the contract and the other one does not , then it follows that , in all probability , where it is not stated to be of the essence , it is not intended to be of the essence .
similarly , where an agreement [names] the time for doing three things ( eg , taking procedural steps towards a rent review ) and two of the three are stated to have a time limit which is of the essence of the contract and the other one does not , then it follows that , in all probability , where it is not stated to be of the essence , it is not intended to be of the essence .

In particular , Shultz and Wells ( 1985 ) propose a matching rule which specifies that if the result matches the intention , then the result was intended .
in particular , shultz and wells ( 1985 ) propose a matching rule which [names] that if the result matches the intention , then the result was intended .

Article 36 specifies no time within which the third party must make its dissent known , nor is there any indication of the status of that right in the period between its inclusion in a treaty and any dissent to it .
article 36 [names] no time within which the third party must make its dissent known , nor is there any indication of the status of that right in the period between its inclusion in a treaty and any dissent to it .

If we define style in terms of stylistic variants , we assume that language specifies a repertoire or code or possibilities and that a writer 's style consists in preferences exercised within the limits of that code .
if we define style in terms of stylistic variants , we assume that language [names] a repertoire or code or possibilities and that a writer 's style consists in preferences exercised within the limits of that code .

It lays down standards for the media programme within the school , in terms of the provision of skilled personnel and plentiful materials in appropriate surrounds ; it specifies in some detail the media programme for the `` school district `` ( the American equivalent of the local education authority ) in similar terms of personnel , materials and distribution .
it lays down standards for the media programme within the school , in terms of the provision of skilled personnel and plentiful materials in appropriate surrounds ; it [names] in some detail the media programme for the `` school district `` ( the american equivalent of the local education authority ) in similar terms of personnel , materials and distribution .

It 's different hiring people here too : everybody has a contract that specifies exactly how many hours they have to work , length of vacations everything ’ .
it 's different hiring people here too : everybody has a contract that [names] exactly how many hours they have to work , length of vacations everything ’ .

Table 7.2 shows that there is an association between the level of a housewife 's identification with the housewife role and the degree to which she specifies standards and routines for housework performance .
table 7.2 shows that there is an association between the level of a housewife 's identification with the housewife role and the degree to which she [names] standards and routines for housework performance .

Title page , which specifies the title , author ( s ) , for whom or what the report is submitted , date , department or place of origin .
title page , which [names] the title , author ( s ) , for whom or what the report is submitted , date , department or place of origin .

The manager specifies the objectives .
the manager [names] the objectives .

The legal contract specifies my status in terms of tenure , salary , pension , dismissal , redundancy , discipline , etc .
the legal contract [names] my status in terms of tenure , salary , pension , dismissal , redundancy , discipline , etc .

Access to entry text is controlled by the Entry and/or Lemma tables which enable the required entry and its current version to be identified , and by the Range table , which specifies in which of the 40 Text tables the material is to be found .
access to entry text is controlled by the entry and/or lemma tables which enable the required entry and its current version to be identified , and by the range table , which [names] in which of the 40 text tables the material is to be found .

The Entry table specifies the relative order in which dictionary entries are to be printed , and provides a key of access to the Text table ( entity and current version number ) .
the entry table [names] the relative order in which dictionary entries are to be printed , and provides a key of access to the text table ( entity and current version number ) .

On the Univac 1108 computer , for instance , a 36-bit word can be subdivided into halves , thirds , quarters , or sixths , and a selection field in the instruction specifies which portion of the store location is involved in any arithmetic operation .
on the univac 1108 computer , for instance , a 36-bit word can be subdivided into halves , thirds , quarters , or sixths , and a selection field in the instruction [names] which portion of the store location is involved in any arithmetic operation .

This instruction specifies a number of words to be moved n , a source , and a destination address .
this instruction [names] a number of words to be moved n , a source , and a destination address .

Although most processing of arithmetic fields is from right to left , the operand is specified by the address of its left-hand byte ; since the instruction specifies the length of each packed decimal operand , the address of the right-hand byte is easily obtained .
although most processing of arithmetic fields is from right to left , the operand is specified by the address of its left-hand byte ; since the instruction [names] the length of each packed decimal operand , the address of the right-hand byte is easily obtained .

The editing pattern consists of one entry per character position in the destination string : each of these specifies insertion either of a designated character or of the next character from the source string , and this may depend on the sign of the value being converted or on whether the first significant digit has yet been reached .
the editing pattern consists of one entry per character position in the destination string : each of these [names] insertion either of a designated character or of the next character from the source string , and this may depend on the sign of the value being converted or on whether the first significant digit has yet been reached .

It has an operation code or function field , specifying what operation the computer is to perform , and an operand field , which specifies an operand ( usually as a store address ) or the location for a result .
it has an operation code or function field , specifying what operation the computer is to perform , and an operand field , which [names] an operand ( usually as a store address ) or the location for a result .

The larger portion holds a numeric value , and the smaller , the addressing mode field , specifies how the numeric value is to be interpreted ; for example , as a numeric quantity for direct use ( see the next section ) , as a store address , or as a numeric quantity to be added to the contents of an index register to form a store address .
the larger portion holds a numeric value , and the smaller , the addressing mode field , [names] how the numeric value is to be interpreted ; for example , as a numeric quantity for direct use ( see the next section ) , as a store address , or as a numeric quantity to be added to the contents of an index register to form a store address .

Thus some computers use for the jump instruction a format in which the subsidiary information field is a sub-operation code field , which specifies the condition under which the jump is to be performed ( for example , accumulator positive , or overflow flag set ) .
thus some computers use for the jump instruction a format in which the subsidiary information field is a sub-operation code field , which [names] the condition under which the jump is to be performed ( for example , accumulator positive , or overflow flag set ) .

This specifies whether the result of an operation is to be shifted , how any carry is to be dealt with , whether the storing of the result is to be suppressed , and under what conditions a skip is to be executed .
this [names] whether the result of an operation is to be shifted , how any carry is to be dealt with , whether the storing of the result is to be suppressed , and under what conditions a skip is to be executed .

An instruction then consists of an initial operator syllable which specifies the operation to be performed , perhaps followed by one or more further syllables specifying a store address or subsidiary information .
an instruction then consists of an initial operator syllable which [names] the operation to be performed , perhaps followed by one or more further syllables specifying a store address or subsidiary information .

The operator syllable implies ( or specifies in a subfield ) how many syllables are required for the instruction .
the operator syllable implies ( or [names] in a subfield ) how many syllables are required for the instruction .

Such an `` increment count and jump `` instruction specifies an accumulator , index register , or store location whose contents are to be used as a loop counter ( and which will have been initialized by another instruction ) .
such an `` increment count and jump `` instruction [names] an accumulator , index register , or store location whose contents are to be used as a loop counter ( and which will have been initialized by another instruction ) .

We typically have a relatively short micro-instruction format ( perhaps 16 bits ) , part of which specifies how the remainder of the micro-instruction is to be interpreted ( that is , it represents an operation code ) .
we typically have a relatively short micro-instruction format ( perhaps 16 bits ) , part of which [names] how the remainder of the micro-instruction is to be interpreted ( that is , it represents an operation code ) .

Our analysis , in a way more direct , specifies necessary connections , but in so doing does provide an account of the nature of laws .
our analysis , in a way more direct , [names] necessary connections , but in so doing does provide an account of the nature of laws .

Article 12 of the Convention specifies that costs and other expenses must be borne by the interested parties .
article 12 of the convention [names] that costs and other expenses must be borne by the interested parties .

The letter rogatory specifies those facts and circumstances causing the requesting party reasonably to believe that the requested documents are or were in the possession , control , or custody of , or are known to the person from whom the documents are requested .
the letter rogatory [names] those facts and circumstances causing the requesting party reasonably to believe that the requested documents are or were in the possession , control , or custody of , or are known to the person from whom the documents are requested .

The new angle is sitting in front of a client who specifies we maintain six choices right to the end of service .
the new angle is sitting in front of a client who [names] we maintain six choices right to the end of service .

It also specifies the resources the Secretary of State will make available to the Agency and the arrangements for the Chief Executive to report to the Secretary of State of the Agency 's performance and use of resources .
it also [names] the resources the secretary of state will make available to the agency and the arrangements for the chief executive to report to the secretary of state of the agency 's performance and use of resources .

Every employer should have a written but flexible plan which sets out business goals and targets , considers how employees will contribute to achieving the plan and specifies how development needs in particular will be assessed and met .
every employer should have a written but flexible plan which sets out business goals and targets , considers how employees will contribute to achieving the plan and [names] how development needs in particular will be assessed and met .

The plan identifies broad development needs and specifies how they will be assessed and met .
the plan identifies broad development needs and [names] how they will be assessed and met .

The legislation specifies that the Council Tax varies in accordance with the Valuation Band of the property .
the legislation [names] that the council tax varies in accordance with the valuation band of the property .

The legislation also specifies that the Water Charges will similarly vary in accordance with the Valuation Band of individual properties .
the legislation also [names] that the water charges will similarly vary in accordance with the valuation band of individual properties .

This part of the module header specifies the other modules that are in some way related to this module .
this part of the module header [names] the other modules that are in some way related to this module .

Any other user responsible for another package that specifies one or more of these modules in its module relations entries .
any other user responsible for another package that [names] one or more of these modules in its module relations entries .

This keyword specifies whether the volume can be used for formatting and which modules will be hard copied . It should be entered in this format :
this keyword [names] whether the volume can be used for formatting and which modules will be hard copied . it should be entered in this format :

The number of modules too large to fit volume specifies the number of modules which are too large to fit into an empty volume .
the number of modules too large to fit volume [names] the number of modules which are too large to fit into an empty volume .

The number of modules larger than free volume space specifies the number of modules found to be larger than the residual page capacity of a volume .
the number of modules larger than free volume space [names] the number of modules found to be larger than the residual page capacity of a volume .

The alliance between the groups which exchange women under a sister-exchange marriage rule or under a rule which specifies marriage between a man and his father 's sister 's daughter persists through time because of the felt obligation to arrange , at a future date , the counterpart of a marriage which has already taken place .
the alliance between the groups which exchange women under a sister-exchange marriage rule or under a rule which [names] marriage between a man and his father 's sister 's daughter persists through time because of the felt obligation to arrange , at a future date , the counterpart of a marriage which has already taken place .

Objective a ) requires the provision of information resources to underpin the research effort , and implicitly provides for our function as a publisher ; b ) explicitly mentions the library and the archive collection ; c ) implies the efficient curation of information , and the granting of access to the resources ; d ) specifies our enquiry , consultancy and educational functions , all of which have a high information content ; e ) demands the use of expertise and data for the provision of specialist services , and f ) relates to our public amenity function , and sets out the purposes for which access to the amenity is provided .
objective a ) requires the provision of information resources to underpin the research effort , and implicitly provides for our function as a publisher ; b ) explicitly mentions the library and the archive collection ; c ) implies the efficient curation of information , and the granting of access to the resources ; d ) [names] our enquiry , consultancy and educational functions , all of which have a high information content ; e ) demands the use of expertise and data for the provision of specialist services , and f ) relates to our public amenity function , and sets out the purposes for which access to the amenity is provided .

‘ The play specifies long-drawn-out public torture for many animals , especially those the playwright deems most to offend against the Conventional Rules of Duty .
‘ the play [names] long-drawn-out public torture for many animals , especially those the playwright deems most to offend against the conventional rules of duty .

The user specifies the option required by pointing the mouse to the icon and pressing a button on the mouse to activate that process .
the user [names] the option required by pointing the mouse to the icon and pressing a button on the mouse to activate that process .

Transformational grammars are inherently used for sentence generation not analysis . Grishman ( 1986 ) specifies a number of problems in reversing this procedure to use transformational grammars for the a recognition procedure :
transformational grammars are inherently used for sentence generation not analysis . grishman ( 1986 ) [names] a number of problems in reversing this procedure to use transformational grammars for the a recognition procedure :

In the second protocol to the Geneva convention of 1977 , article 7 specifies : ’ All the wounded , sick and shipwrecked , whether or not they have taken part in the armed conflict , shall be respected and protected ’ .
in the second protocol to the geneva convention of 1977 , article 7 [names] : ’ all the wounded , sick and shipwrecked , whether or not they have taken part in the armed conflict , shall be respected and protected ’ .

The only leeway occasionally permitted to Member States is the ability to choose the means and the pace of implementing a policy : a Commission Regulation is applicable in all Member States equally , while a Directive specifies the end , but leaves the Member States free to adopt the method .
the only leeway occasionally permitted to member states is the ability to choose the means and the pace of implementing a policy : a commission regulation is applicable in all member states equally , while a directive [names] the end , but leaves the member states free to adopt the method .

Textbook economic theory ( see Hey , 1985 ) specifies what this risk-neutral optimal strategy is . It consists of two parts : an optimal output strategy and an optimal sales strategy :
textbook economic theory ( see hey , 1985 ) [names] what this risk-neutral optimal strategy is . it consists of two parts : an optimal output strategy and an optimal sales strategy :

This deed specifies the objectives of the trust and lays down broad conditions governing the management of the funds .
this deed [names] the objectives of the trust and lays down broad conditions governing the management of the funds .

The Constitution promulgated in November 1990 specifies that no law may be adopted which bans , or imposes restrictions on , political parties .
the constitution promulgated in november 1990 [names] that no law may be adopted which bans , or imposes restrictions on , political parties .

Punctuation is a way of showing your reader the structure of your sentences : it separates successive units ( such as sentences by full stops , or items in a list by commas ) and specifies what function words have ( for example when an apostrophe indicates possession ) .
punctuation is a way of showing your reader the structure of your sentences : it separates successive units ( such as sentences by full stops , or items in a list by commas ) and [names] what function words have ( for example when an apostrophe indicates possession ) .

The former specifies three core skills at a level more basic than stage 1 , while the latter includes four core skills at stage 1 or the more basic level ( see specifications on page 5 ) .
the former [names] three core skills at a level more basic than stage 1 , while the latter includes four core skills at stage 1 or the more basic level ( see specifications on page 5 ) .

The dealer , as agent for the software company , is a more likely interpretation if the acquirer specifies the system he wants .
the dealer , as agent for the software company , is a more likely interpretation if the acquirer [names] the system he wants .

This is not the case however when the to infinitive is subject : although one still understands that the infinitive event is realized , there is nothing in such uses which specifies what leads up to its realization .
this is not the case however when the to infinitive is subject : although one still understands that the infinitive event is realized , there is nothing in such uses which [names] what leads up to its realization .

As a consequence , representing the support as receiving the incidence of a purely potential event necessarily evokes the latter as non-actual , but specifies no conditions governing its actualization , simply suggesting that it is `` impossible `` or `` brushing it aside `` .
as a consequence , representing the support as receiving the incidence of a purely potential event necessarily evokes the latter as non-actual , but [names] no conditions governing its actualization , simply suggesting that it is `` impossible `` or `` brushing it aside `` .

For He did swim across the river : This involves the virtual person of the infinitive occupying the same position ( s ) in time as the actual person which specifies its rank in the auxiliary , and so to is not necessary .
for he did swim across the river : this involves the virtual person of the infinitive occupying the same position ( s ) in time as the actual person which [names] its rank in the auxiliary , and so to is not necessary .

For He could swim across the river : This also involves the intra-infinitival virtual person occupying the same position in time as the actual person which specifies its rank contained in the auxiliary , but here the virtual person is conceived as the support of a potentiality and not of an actualization .
for he could swim across the river : this also involves the intra-infinitival virtual person occupying the same position in time as the actual person which [names] its rank contained in the auxiliary , but here the virtual person is conceived as the support of a potentiality and not of an actualization .

This code , which is still adhered to , specifies that roofs must be made of slate , all woodwork must be white , and walls must be built in local stone or rendered white ; it also specifies that houses must be a certain distance apart .
this code , which is still adhered to , [names] that roofs must be made of slate , all woodwork must be white , and walls must be built in local stone or rendered white ; it also [names] that houses must be a certain distance apart .

Briefly , the code of practice specifies standards for providing wholesome water , for supplying a constant water supply at the appropriate water pressure , and for treating sewage in a comprehensive and environmentally sensitive way .
briefly , the code of practice [names] standards for providing wholesome water , for supplying a constant water supply at the appropriate water pressure , and for treating sewage in a comprehensive and environmentally sensitive way .

Whereas the requirements of a ‘ speciality ’ chemical are often concerned with effect ( though nowadays terms overlap ) , the buyer of a fine chemical specifies a particular substance , and the supplier must deliver precisely what is specified in terms of chemical structure and purity level .
whereas the requirements of a ‘ speciality ’ chemical are often concerned with effect ( though nowadays terms overlap ) , the buyer of a fine chemical [names] a particular substance , and the supplier must deliver precisely what is specified in terms of chemical structure and purity level .

French ( 1982 ) specifies ‘ ten commandments ’ for renewable energy analysis which has much of the same spirit as the advice of Chambers .
french ( 1982 ) [names] ‘ ten commandments ’ for renewable energy analysis which has much of the same spirit as the advice of chambers .

This specifies that packaging should not carry pictures of smiling babies , no free samples should be distributed and there should be no advertising directly to mothers .
this [names] that packaging should not carry pictures of smiling babies , no free samples should be distributed and there should be no advertising directly to mothers .

He specifies 150 years because he has in mind the social and political reforms of Peter the Great in the early Eighteenth Century .
he [names] 150 years because he has in mind the social and political reforms of peter the great in the early eighteenth century .

Half a century later , such commentary as there is on Pound 's poem is still for the most part concerned with this question that for Bunting ‘ does not arise ’ . When he goes on to justify his high estimate of the poem , Bunting specifies :
half a century later , such commentary as there is on pound 's poem is still for the most part concerned with this question that for bunting ‘ does not arise ’ . when he goes on to justify his high estimate of the poem , bunting [names] :

It specifies regional programmes and high quality news and current affairs .
it [names] regional programmes and high quality news and current affairs .

But what specifies just which cells will form an adhesive block separating each somite from its neighbours is not known .
but what [names] just which cells will form an adhesive block separating each somite from its neighbours is not known .

As in the origami analogy ( Chapter 2 ) , what specifies where the paper will be folded ?
as in the origami analogy ( chapter 2 ) , what [names] where the paper will be folded ?

The patterning problem here is what specifies which cells will form the trophoblast and which cells will form the inner cell mass .
the patterning problem here is what [names] which cells will form the trophoblast and which cells will form the inner cell mass .

In addition , one of the duties of a water authority engineer controlling an outside contract is to tie consultants to a tight brief , which specifies the minimum work required to achieve the necessary flood reduction , while at the same time protecting the environment .
in addition , one of the duties of a water authority engineer controlling an outside contract is to tie consultants to a tight brief , which [names] the minimum work required to achieve the necessary flood reduction , while at the same time protecting the environment .

If you do not advertise more widely your vacancy will not come to the attention of other potential employees who may not be actively looking for a job but who might be attracted by an advertisement which clearly specifies someone like them .
if you do not advertise more widely your vacancy will not come to the attention of other potential employees who may not be actively looking for a job but who might be attracted by an advertisement which clearly [names] someone like them .

Act dating from 1715 which specifies offences constituting a riot .
act dating from 1715 which [names] offences constituting a riot .

The legislation specifies various time limits .
the legislation [names] various time limits .

This latter type of description specifies a typical role which a character plays in a scene , but the term role will be reserved for the role-filler notion discussed already , to avoid confusion .
this latter type of description [names] a typical role which a character plays in a scene , but the term role will be reserved for the role-filler notion discussed already , to avoid confusion .

In terms of the role-mapping model of plural reference , we would suppose that the use of and imposes a constraint which specifies the two individuals as playing the same grammatical role .
in terms of the role-mapping model of plural reference , we would suppose that the use of and imposes a constraint which [names] the two individuals as playing the same grammatical role .

The scheme specifies a maximum of 37,500 miles , beyond which an excess mileage charge is applied .
the scheme [names] a maximum of 37,500 miles , beyond which an excess mileage charge is applied .

In such a sample , the researcher specifies what type of people he or she wants in the sample , within broad categories ( quotas ) , and it is left up to the interviewer to find such people to interview .
in such a sample , the researcher [names] what type of people he or she wants in the sample , within broad categories ( quotas ) , and it is left up to the interviewer to find such people to interview .

It specifies in the sale that , regardless of the apparel firm used to fabricate uniforms , Burlington ’ s cloth must be used.42 Another major textile company , Milliken , has a degree of common ownership with a retail business , Mercantile , although these arrangements remain unusual .
it [names] in the sale that , regardless of the apparel firm used to fabricate uniforms , burlington ’ s cloth must be used.42 another major textile company , milliken , has a degree of common ownership with a retail business , mercantile , although these arrangements remain unusual .

A search procedure specifies how to take the M samples .
a search procedure [names] how to take the m samples .

In a grammar model , “ grammar ” specifies how symbol strings act on symbol strings , rather like machines on inputs , to produce new symbol strings .
in a grammar model , “ grammar ” [names] how symbol strings act on symbol strings , rather like machines on inputs , to produce new symbol strings .

Legislation circulated by the high court 's lobbyist specifies that the hike would apply to attorneys `` paying full annual registration fees . ''
legislation circulated by the high court 's lobbyist [names] that the hike would apply to attorneys `` paying full annual registration fees . ''

This is for a combination of reasons taken together : ( a ) the unemployment compensation system -- including the system of taxes , the system of benefits , and the trust fund -- was established by the Social Security Act of 1935 and has been amended by Federal law many times ; ( b ) deposits are held in a trust fund operated by the U.S. Government ; ( c ) Federal law specifies extensive requirements for the state unemployment tax and unemployment benefits ; ( d ) the Federal unemployment tax finances grants to states to cover their entire cost of administering the unemployment 39 Social insurance '' does not include programs established solely or primarily for Federal employees , such as pension and other retirement plans .
this is for a combination of reasons taken together : ( a ) the unemployment compensation system -- including the system of taxes , the system of benefits , and the trust fund -- was established by the social security act of 1935 and has been amended by federal law many times ; ( b ) deposits are held in a trust fund operated by the u.s. government ; ( c ) federal law [names] extensive requirements for the state unemployment tax and unemployment benefits ; ( d ) the federal unemployment tax finances grants to states to cover their entire cost of administering the unemployment 39 social insurance '' does not include programs established solely or primarily for federal employees , such as pension and other retirement plans .

Page 2 1024627 Section 3 ( b ) ( 2 ) ( B ) requires agencies to make every reasonable effort to ensure that the regulation specifies in clear language the effect on existing Federal law or regulation .
page 2 1024627 section 3 ( b ) ( 2 ) ( b ) requires agencies to make every reasonable effort to ensure that the regulation [names] in clear language the effect on existing federal law or regulation .

The plan also specifies the type of contract that will be awarded , how the agency will select a contractor , cost and schedule goals , milestones , significant risk areas , and contract management controls .
the plan also [names] the type of contract that will be awarded , how the agency will select a contractor , cost and schedule goals , milestones , significant risk areas , and contract management controls .

Such transfer shall be accomplished in accordance with a compliance plan , submitted and approved under section 404 , that shall govern operations at all units included in the transfer , and that specifies the emissions reduction requirements imposed pursuant to this title .
such transfer shall be accomplished in accordance with a compliance plan , submitted and approved under section 404 , that shall govern operations at all units included in the transfer , and that [names] the emissions reduction requirements imposed pursuant to this title .

The mailbox rule specifies that no one other than the Postal Service ( and the addressee ) may put mail into the box .
the mailbox rule [names] that no one other than the postal service ( and the addressee ) may put mail into the box .

This would not be done in a 12 The law currently specifies that the rates for books will not vary with distance .
this would not be done in a 12 the law currently [names] that the rates for books will not vary with distance .

The fourth set specifies conditions under which the Service may use multi-year test periods to demonstrate that a proposed new service will become compensatory over time .
the fourth set [names] conditions under which the service may use multi-year test periods to demonstrate that a proposed new service will become compensatory over time .

In the early fruit fly embryo , it is known that a network involving cell-to-cell signaling via the Wingless ( Wg ) and Hedgehog ( Hh ) pathways specifies the formation and maintenance of alternating stripes of gene expression and cell identity .
in the early fruit fly embryo , it is known that a network involving cell-to-cell signaling via the wingless ( wg ) and hedgehog ( hh ) pathways [names] the formation and maintenance of alternating stripes of gene expression and cell identity .

Suppression of BMP signaling by expression of its antagonists is the condition that specifies the dorsal ectoderm or BCNE as future anterior neural ectoderm ; in contrast , posterior neural ectoderm may form under the influence of FGF even in the presence of BMP signaling .
suppression of bmp signaling by expression of its antagonists is the condition that [names] the dorsal ectoderm or bcne as future anterior neural ectoderm ; in contrast , posterior neural ectoderm may form under the influence of fgf even in the presence of bmp signaling .

Thus , the radius of the catchment region specifies the approximate maximum distance that we assume infected people would be willing ( or able ) to travel for treatment .
thus , the radius of the catchment region [names] the approximate maximum distance that we assume infected people would be willing ( or able ) to travel for treatment .

In principle , a wide range of 2D patterns could be generated with the same set of molecules and the same strategy , changing only the first row of the assembly , which specifies the external inputs .
in principle , a wide range of 2d patterns could be generated with the same set of molecules and the same strategy , changing only the first row of the assembly , which [names] the external inputs .

Most of the leads report that Republican congressional leaders ( the Washington Post specifies Tom Delay , Dick Armey and Henry Hyde ; the Los Angeles Times , New York Times and USA Today cite Hyde ) have called for Clinton to resign and then have Clinton 's remarks in Israel rejecting the suggestion , saying the possibility has never even crossed his mind .
most of the leads report that republican congressional leaders ( the washington post [names] tom delay , dick armey and henry hyde ; the los angeles times , new york times and usa today cite hyde ) have called for clinton to resign and then have clinton 's remarks in israel rejecting the suggestion , saying the possibility has never even crossed his mind .

NAACP President Kweisi Mfume told the Los Angeles Times that the networks are violating the 1934 Federal Communications Act , which specifies that the airwaves belong to the public .
naacp president kweisi mfume told the los angeles times that the networks are violating the 1934 federal communications act , which [names] that the airwaves belong to the public .

It 's the NYT that specifies two examples of when : Oklahoma City and TWA Flight 800 .
it 's the nyt that [names] two examples of when : oklahoma city and twa flight 800 .

`` prepared '' here , the paper specifies , means that Lewinsky spent Wednesday going through a `` final rehearsal '' of her testimony with Ken Starr 's people .
`` prepared '' here , the paper [names] , means that lewinsky spent wednesday going through a `` final rehearsal '' of her testimony with ken starr 's people .

The LAT alone specifies the shooter 's mental illness as paranoid schizophrenia .
the lat alone [names] the shooter 's mental illness as paranoid schizophrenia .

The law clearly specifies , though , that a trademark can not be immoral , deceptive , scandalous , or disparaging .
the law clearly [names] , though , that a trademark can not be immoral , deceptive , scandalous , or disparaging .

Not only not limited to British pubs but it is very doubtful that the practice originated there , as the entry specifies .
not only not limited to british pubs but it is very doubtful that the practice originated there , as the entry [names] .

