# descriptions

Beaverton School District No. 48 board members examined blueprints and specifications for two proposed junior high schools at a Monday night workshop session .
beaverton school district no. 48 board members examined blueprints and [instructions] for two proposed junior high schools at a monday night workshop session .

These problems frequently arise where a firm is making items for the Government not directly along the lines of its normal civilian business or where the Government specifications require operations that the firm did not understand when it undertook the contract .
these problems frequently arise where a firm is making items for the government not directly along the lines of its normal civilian business or where the government [instructions] require operations that the firm did not understand when it undertook the contract .

U.S. Government Purchasing , Specifications , And Sales Directory , 60 cents , are available from the Superintendent of Documents , U.S. Government Printing Office , Washington 25 , D.C. .
u.s. government purchasing , [instructions] , and sales directory , 60 cents , are available from the superintendent of documents , u.s. government printing office , washington 25 , d.c. .

Assistance is rendered to interested Rhode Island businessmen concerning interpretation of bid invitations , where to obtain specifications , and follow-ups concerning qualification .
assistance is rendered to interested rhode island businessmen concerning interpretation of bid invitations , where to obtain [instructions] , and follow-ups concerning qualification .

Should it be defined in a narrow sense to include only such elements as job specifications , union membership , union jurisdiction , and the like ? ?
should it be defined in a narrow sense to include only such elements as job [instructions] , union membership , union jurisdiction , and the like ? ?

Each tape file must be described by Tape File Specifications , produced by Aj .
each tape file must be described by tape file [instructions] , produced by aj .

In addition to information related to the file and its records , the File Specifications contain subroutine locations and the location of tape label information .
in addition to information related to the file and its records , the file [instructions] contain subroutine locations and the location of tape label information .

The following efficiencies obtained from JEDEC and RCA specifications were used : Af
the following efficiencies obtained from jedec and rca [instructions] were used : af

Did he trouble to memorize the very small part which I had `` tailor-made '' to his specifications , a role eventually cut down to three short speeches ? ?
did he trouble to memorize the very small part which i had `` tailor-made '' to his [instructions] , a role eventually cut down to three short speeches ? ?

Particularly Old Speckled Hen could survive ; they 've only been brewing it there in its present form for 2 years and it would be easy for us to transfer that production to their specifications using Morland 's yeast .
particularly old speckled hen could survive ; they 've only been brewing it there in its present form for 2 years and it would be easy for us to transfer that production to their [instructions] using morland 's yeast .

‘ The number it can take is in the technical specifications .
‘ the number it can take is in the technical [instructions] .

19 ) The design specifications so you can evaluate whether your project actually does the job it was intended to do .
19 ) the design [instructions] so you can evaluate whether your project actually does the job it was intended to do .

Smoke vents , interior trims , depth of lift pits and machine room specifications are just a handful of decisions which have to be made .
smoke vents , interior trims , depth of lift pits and machine room [instructions] are just a handful of decisions which have to be made .

‘ Initial work has focused on infrastructure improvements to track and bridges , but we are already drawing up detailed specifications for the locomotives and coaching stock , which will be introduced on this flagship service in the next few years , ’ he said .
‘ initial work has focused on infrastructure improvements to track and bridges , but we are already drawing up detailed [instructions] for the locomotives and coaching stock , which will be introduced on this flagship service in the next few years , ’ he said .

Provisions were weighed and packaged to the customer 's specifications .
provisions were weighed and packaged to the customer 's [instructions] .

Mike Traynor of distribution services said ‘ All existing specifications are being reviewed to see where improvements can be made and all new specifications are being designed in line with the policy . ’
mike traynor of distribution services said ‘ all existing [instructions] are being reviewed to see where improvements can be made and all new [instructions] are being designed in line with the policy . ’

Present ‘ Europallet ’ specifications are not suitable for many chemicals , particularly those in drums and sacks .
present ‘ europallet ’ [instructions] are not suitable for many chemicals , particularly those in drums and sacks .

Storage of maintenance specifications and crew job lists .
storage of maintenance [instructions] and crew job lists .

Prior to shut down tighter specifications covering each effluent stream were introduced .
prior to shut down tighter [instructions] covering each effluent stream were introduced .

As specifications become more and more stringent , so they work increasingly with suppliers who give them exactly what they need .
as [instructions] become more and more stringent , so they work increasingly with suppliers who give them exactly what they need .

The loudspeaker itself is a Celestion , built to Trace 's own specifications , using their latest Kevlar-impregnated cone .
the loudspeaker itself is a celestion , built to trace 's own [instructions] , using their latest kevlar-impregnated cone .

We got the compromise right in the early days , and now everyone has copied our specifications .
we got the compromise right in the early days , and now everyone has copied our [instructions] .

Today every single living thing that has ever lived , from a bacterium to a plant or a fully formed animal , has been built according to specifications laid down in the molecules of the dna called chromosomes .
today every single living thing that has ever lived , from a bacterium to a plant or a fully formed animal , has been built according to [instructions] laid down in the molecules of the dna called chromosomes .

People come in all shapes and sizes and rucksack makers often have to aim for the middle ground when deciding on specifications .
people come in all shapes and sizes and rucksack makers often have to aim for the middle ground when deciding on [instructions] .

But reformulation of the specifications permits a broadening of the concept , whereby in future the word Woonerf should be replaced by the word ‘ Erf ( precinct ) and the homespun Woonerf sign be replaced by the internationally agreed symbol for rest and play areas ( Figure 4.10 ) .
but reformulation of the [instructions] permits a broadening of the concept , whereby in future the word woonerf should be replaced by the word ‘ erf ( precinct ) and the homespun woonerf sign be replaced by the internationally agreed symbol for rest and play areas ( figure 4.10 ) .

The specifications of all the annexes fall into two groups , the ‘ standards ’ and the ‘ recommended practices ’ .
the [instructions] of all the annexes fall into two groups , the ‘ standards ’ and the ‘ recommended practices ’ .

For the last five years , Fortran has led a very quiet life , so quiet in fact the launch of new Fortran specifications two years ago , called Fortran90 , has pretty much gone unnoticed even by Fortran users .
for the last five years , fortran has led a very quiet life , so quiet in fact the launch of new fortran [instructions] two years ago , called fortran90 , has pretty much gone unnoticed even by fortran users .

The new Fortran90 specifications are already considered outdated by many Fortran users , because they do n't provide a migration path from Fortran77 .
the new fortran90 [instructions] are already considered outdated by many fortran users , because they do n't provide a migration path from fortran77 .

Due to our policy of continual improvement , product and accessory specifications are subject to change .
due to our policy of continual improvement , product and accessory [instructions] are subject to change .

The Beastmasters specifications are : Dual capacity capability , double strike drag , 2-speed gear system and pre-set drag programmer .
the beastmasters [instructions] are : dual capacity capability , double strike drag , 2-speed gear system and pre-set drag programmer .

Not surprisingly , this expertise allows us to undertake project management , world wide , of the design , co-ordination and build of beautiful custom yachts to the highest specifications .
not surprisingly , this expertise allows us to undertake project management , world wide , of the design , co-ordination and build of beautiful custom yachts to the highest [instructions] .

These days there are a range of sizes , specifications and prices to suit nearly every requirement .
these days there are a range of sizes , [instructions] and prices to suit nearly every requirement .

Studies indicate the limestone is of very pure , and meets international specifications for almost all uses .
studies indicate the limestone is of very pure , and meets international [instructions] for almost all uses .

And of course all New World hoods are built to the highest British Electrotechnical Approvals Board Safety Specifications , so you can be sure that they will work safely in your kitchen .
and of course all new world hoods are built to the highest british electrotechnical approvals board safety [instructions] , so you can be sure that they will work safely in your kitchen .

Conservatories and porches — at very competitive prices — can be designed to your exact requirements and cover a whole range of specifications to suit your property .
conservatories and porches — at very competitive prices — can be designed to your exact requirements and cover a whole range of [instructions] to suit your property .

In the former you examine design specifications from which are produced a drawing , diagram or plan to scale , looking at the most economic and effective way of manufacturing the article .
in the former you examine design [instructions] from which are produced a drawing , diagram or plan to scale , looking at the most economic and effective way of manufacturing the article .

Evaluating the options will involve you in trying to make sense of builder 's estimates and technical specifications , but this is very much what managers have to do in real life , and we make no apology for getting you to do it too .
evaluating the options will involve you in trying to make sense of builder 's estimates and technical [instructions] , but this is very much what managers have to do in real life , and we make no apology for getting you to do it too .

Frazer Freezers Co. plc : Equipment Specifications
frazer freezers co. plc : equipment [instructions]

He has also rationalized the range of wine and spirits stocks to reduce the stockturn ratio , introduced purchasing specifications , tightened up on the ordering system , established a fixed asset register and got the Accommodation Manager to prepare a five-year rolling plan for plant and equipment maintenance , as well as tightening up on staff overtime and casual workers ' pay .
he has also rationalized the range of wine and spirits stocks to reduce the stockturn ratio , introduced purchasing [instructions] , tightened up on the ordering system , established a fixed asset register and got the accommodation manager to prepare a five-year rolling plan for plant and equipment maintenance , as well as tightening up on staff overtime and casual workers ' pay .

He accepts the need to introduce more formalized management procedures in principle , but in practice continues to operate a highly personal and informal management system marked by the absence of rigid rules , working practices or job specifications .
he accepts the need to introduce more formalized management procedures in principle , but in practice continues to operate a highly personal and informal management system marked by the absence of rigid rules , working practices or job [instructions] .

Adoption of Motif application programming interface specifications by X/Open Co Ltd offers a politically acceptable means for Sun to offer Motif products on its price list for the first time .
adoption of motif application programming interface [instructions] by x/open co ltd offers a politically acceptable means for sun to offer motif products on its price list for the first time .

Vivid Publishing in Los Altos , California , makers of the TypeView font utility for Next , has come up with an environmentally aware software packaging scheme it 's calling EarthPack and challenging other software vendors to do the same : it 's making the specifications available to any who inquire and will license the EarthPack name free of charge .
vivid publishing in los altos , california , makers of the typeview font utility for next , has come up with an environmentally aware software packaging scheme it 's calling earthpack and challenging other software vendors to do the same : it 's making the [instructions] available to any who inquire and will license the earthpack name free of charge .

For the last five years Fortran has led a very quiet life , so quiet in fact the launch of new Fortran specifications two years ago , called Fortran90 , have pretty much gone unnoticed even by Fortran users .
for the last five years fortran has led a very quiet life , so quiet in fact the launch of new fortran [instructions] two years ago , called fortran90 , have pretty much gone unnoticed even by fortran users .

The new Fortran90 specifications are already considered outdated by many Fortran users , because they do n't provide a migration path from Fortran77 .
the new fortran90 [instructions] are already considered outdated by many fortran users , because they do n't provide a migration path from fortran77 .

head teachers ensure that all heads of department have clear job specifications
head teachers ensure that all heads of department have clear job [instructions]

Of the vast multitude of varieties that are available , old and new , and despite the astonishing achievements of the modern breeders and growers , not many varieties match up to all or even most of the desirable specifications , and it is difficult , nay , impossible to name one that does not have some fault somewhere .
of the vast multitude of varieties that are available , old and new , and despite the astonishing achievements of the modern breeders and growers , not many varieties match up to all or even most of the desirable [instructions] , and it is difficult , nay , impossible to name one that does not have some fault somewhere .

This involves definition of the job specifications with the client ; laying out a search strategy with the Research Department , the development of potential candidates through sourcing , interviewing , making a final recommendation to the client ; and handling both client and candidate in the delicate final stages of the negotiation to ensure a positive end of the assignment .
this involves definition of the job [instructions] with the client ; laying out a search strategy with the research department , the development of potential candidates through sourcing , interviewing , making a final recommendation to the client ; and handling both client and candidate in the delicate final stages of the negotiation to ensure a positive end of the assignment .

ODA-related — document application profiles ( DAPs ) and formal specifications ;
oda-related — document application profiles ( daps ) and formal [instructions] ;

Unfortunately , despite the specifications and price of the tool , there are none of the nozzle accessories that would exploit the full potential of the machine ; these must be purchased separately .
unfortunately , despite the [instructions] and price of the tool , there are none of the nozzle accessories that would exploit the full potential of the machine ; these must be purchased separately .

If an original part could n't be located , the crew would consult the prints and have Dick Mead , a retired machinist from Janesville , Wisconsin , recreate the component to match original military specifications .
if an original part could n't be located , the crew would consult the prints and have dick mead , a retired machinist from janesville , wisconsin , recreate the component to match original military [instructions] .

First choose the size of mirror that you want and then have a sheet of mirrored glass cut to your specifications .
first choose the size of mirror that you want and then have a sheet of mirrored glass cut to your [instructions] .

a helmet of a type manufactured for use by persons on motor cycles which by virtue of its shape , material and construction could reasonably be expected to afford to persons on motor bicycles a degree of protection from injury in the event of an accident similar to or greater than that provided by the helmet of a type complying with one of the specifications referred to in the preceding subparagraph ; and
a helmet of a type manufactured for use by persons on motor cycles which by virtue of its shape , material and construction could reasonably be expected to afford to persons on motor bicycles a degree of protection from injury in the event of an accident similar to or greater than that provided by the helmet of a type complying with one of the [instructions] referred to in the preceding subparagraph ; and

Such joints are said to pass most of the tests in the specifications for wood adhesives .
such joints are said to pass most of the tests in the [instructions] for wood adhesives .

If money is no object , you can take your idea to a patent agent , who will know exactly how to word specifications and will prepare professional drawings .
if money is no object , you can take your idea to a patent agent , who will know exactly how to word [instructions] and will prepare professional drawings .

The dealers should be assured that the manufacturer is willing to supply , within a reasonable time , models and specifications not normally demanded in the dealer 's member state .
the dealers should be assured that the manufacturer is willing to supply , within a reasonable time , models and [instructions] not normally demanded in the dealer 's member state .

Every idol , he explained , must be constructed according to strict specifications as outlined in the Shipa Shastra , and based on the Tala system which is the measurement of the palm of the hand from the tip of the middle finger to the wrist .
every idol , he explained , must be constructed according to strict [instructions] as outlined in the shipa shastra , and based on the tala system which is the measurement of the palm of the hand from the tip of the middle finger to the wrist .

Judging a shoe merely on technical specifications or on a trial fitting in a retail shop is never totally satisfactory .
judging a shoe merely on technical [instructions] or on a trial fitting in a retail shop is never totally satisfactory .

Add tense and aspect specifications in the correct combinations and we get :
add tense and aspect [instructions] in the correct combinations and we get :

There were delays of months while specifications and tenders for new power stations were cleared by the headquarters engineers , but Hacking insisted that there must be close technical control of design from the centre , claiming variously that the limited technical skills of divisions or the requirements of standardisation made centralisation necessary , or ( quite implausibly ) that anything else was illegal under the 1947 Act .
there were delays of months while [instructions] and tenders for new power stations were cleared by the headquarters engineers , but hacking insisted that there must be close technical control of design from the centre , claiming variously that the limited technical skills of divisions or the requirements of standardisation made centralisation necessary , or ( quite implausibly ) that anything else was illegal under the 1947 act .

It struck him that ‘ the public has no such specifications ’ and that their demands were ‘ negative at best ’ for it was ‘ Entertainment ’ that ‘ they ’ really wanted .
it struck him that ‘ the public has no such [instructions] ’ and that their demands were ‘ negative at best ’ for it was ‘ entertainment ’ that ‘ they ’ really wanted .

It used to be considered that simulator specifications could only be proposed when the on-line system design had been completed but there are considerable advantages in developing the simulator before the on-line system so that it becomes a dynamic mock-up of the real situation .
it used to be considered that simulator [instructions] could only be proposed when the on-line system design had been completed but there are considerable advantages in developing the simulator before the on-line system so that it becomes a dynamic mock-up of the real situation .

House owners who are considering having an intruder alarm system installed should obtain specifications and costings from at least three installers .
house owners who are considering having an intruder alarm system installed should obtain [instructions] and costings from at least three installers .

Timber windows are made either from preservative-treated softwood or a rot-resistant hardwood such as mahogany , and many have high-performance specifications that include integral weather-stripping and sealed unit double glazing .
timber windows are made either from preservative-treated softwood or a rot-resistant hardwood such as mahogany , and many have high-performance [instructions] that include integral weather-stripping and sealed unit double glazing .

Although clearly designed to the specifications laid down by Ceauşescu so that it would be a suitable monument to his glory as well as a home and office for the remainder of his working life , the colossal building was always officially described as the Civic Centre .
although clearly designed to the [instructions] laid down by ceauşescu so that it would be a suitable monument to his glory as well as a home and office for the remainder of his working life , the colossal building was always officially described as the civic centre .

15.1 has imparted and may from time to time impart to certain confidential information relating to the Licensed Software , or up-dates or enhancements of the Licensed Software or other software owned , marketed or supported by ( including specifications therefore ) .
15.1 has imparted and may from time to time impart to certain confidential information relating to the licensed software , or up-dates or enhancements of the licensed software or other software owned , marketed or supported by ( including [instructions] therefore ) .

‘ Technical information ’ shall mean and include designs drawings reports specifications procedure instructions software and other technical information and data of any kind .
‘ technical information ’ shall mean and include designs drawings reports [instructions] procedure instructions software and other technical information and data of any kind .

The specifications required to meet these can be readily elicited and catalogued .
the [instructions] required to meet these can be readily elicited and catalogued .

What can not be deduced or predicted is precisely how the specifications will be met , nor which materials will be employed .
what can not be deduced or predicted is precisely how the [instructions] will be met , nor which materials will be employed .

Each must have clearly defined product specifications so that resulting objects are well planned and appropriate for subsequent reuse .
each must have clearly defined product [instructions] so that resulting objects are well planned and appropriate for subsequent reuse .

Exacting specifications were then provided for firms who offered to tender for the work of dismantling and rebuilding .
exacting [instructions] were then provided for firms who offered to tender for the work of dismantling and rebuilding .

Authorities will develop specifications for services and then reach contractual agreements with provider agencies such as voluntary or private organizations .
authorities will develop [instructions] for services and then reach contractual agreements with provider agencies such as voluntary or private organizations .

Public authorities have , however , minimal expertise in this area , though they have ‘ cut their teeth ’ by developing ‘ specifications for contracts ’ for-non-care services such as cleaning and catering .
public authorities have , however , minimal expertise in this area , though they have ‘ cut their teeth ’ by developing ‘ [instructions] for contracts ’ for-non-care services such as cleaning and catering .

Common costing books : in some industries where there may be variation in the form of the finished product because of variation in the buyer 's specifications ( for example , industrial engines , building services ) a book may be circulated by a trade association which shows how the overall cost of the specific product variant can be calculated .
common costing books : in some industries where there may be variation in the form of the finished product because of variation in the buyer 's [instructions] ( for example , industrial engines , building services ) a book may be circulated by a trade association which shows how the overall cost of the specific product variant can be calculated .

They will soon ascertain whether or not Gore-Tex and Timberland live up to their much-vaunted specifications .
they will soon ascertain whether or not gore-tex and timberland live up to their much-vaunted [instructions] .

For example : the traditional notation regarding ‘ on board ’ loading was replaced by a ‘ taking in charge ’ statement ; the traditional prohibition against transhipment was eliminated , because transhipment was of the essence in combined transport ; since the transport commonly originated and finished inland , the terms ‘ place of receipt ’ and ‘ place of delivery ’ were inserted in separate boxes , either replacing the traditional ‘ port of loading ’ and ‘ port of discharge ’ or joining them as additional specifications ; and since often times the name of the vessel was not known or could not be established with certainty at the time of issuance , the box for the vessel 's name was modified to refer to an ‘ intended vessel .
for example : the traditional notation regarding ‘ on board ’ loading was replaced by a ‘ taking in charge ’ statement ; the traditional prohibition against transhipment was eliminated , because transhipment was of the essence in combined transport ; since the transport commonly originated and finished inland , the terms ‘ place of receipt ’ and ‘ place of delivery ’ were inserted in separate boxes , either replacing the traditional ‘ port of loading ’ and ‘ port of discharge ’ or joining them as additional [instructions] ; and since often times the name of the vessel was not known or could not be established with certainty at the time of issuance , the box for the vessel 's name was modified to refer to an ‘ intended vessel .

Then the building specifications had to go out to tender .
then the building [instructions] had to go out to tender .

Yes , because of the change described ( above ) , from the norms of science ( free enquiry , publications , respect for truth , resistance to argument from authority ) to the norms of commerce ( cost consciousness , restriction to profitable study , limited publication and need to retain commercially valuable technology secret , respect for adequate solutions , acceptance of the authority of ‘ current good practice ’ and standards and specifications — ‘ doing it by the book ’ ) . ( Metallurgy and Materials Engineering )
yes , because of the change described ( above ) , from the norms of science ( free enquiry , publications , respect for truth , resistance to argument from authority ) to the norms of commerce ( cost consciousness , restriction to profitable study , limited publication and need to retain commercially valuable technology secret , respect for adequate solutions , acceptance of the authority of ‘ current good practice ’ and standards and [instructions] — ‘ doing it by the book ’ ) . ( metallurgy and materials engineering )

Simon , even if he manages to hold his position , will find that aluminium gang-planks , built to the specifications of canal barges , are not the magic formula for wealth and independence .
simon , even if he manages to hold his position , will find that aluminium gang-planks , built to the [instructions] of canal barges , are not the magic formula for wealth and independence .

Catering entrepreneurs will have three choices : first , to take over an existing catering establishment as a going concern and adapt the premises as they see fit ; secondly , to convert already existing premises to be used as a catering establishment , such premises being derelict or presently used for some other purpose ; and thirdly , to have purpose-built premises designed by an architect and built to their specifications .
catering entrepreneurs will have three choices : first , to take over an existing catering establishment as a going concern and adapt the premises as they see fit ; secondly , to convert already existing premises to be used as a catering establishment , such premises being derelict or presently used for some other purpose ; and thirdly , to have purpose-built premises designed by an architect and built to their [instructions] .

All teams work on individual specifications , with the interaction and integration being handled at a higher level .
all teams work on individual [instructions] , with the interaction and integration being handled at a higher level .

You can use a sensible hypothesis or question , perhaps even a little outside the specifications of your present title .
you can use a sensible hypothesis or question , perhaps even a little outside the [instructions] of your present title .

Such organization naturally involves centralization and differentiation of leadership and authority ; so that those who take responsibility for coordinating the actions of many others must have a different status in important respects from those who are essentially in the role of carrying out specifications laid down by others ’ .
such organization naturally involves centralization and differentiation of leadership and authority ; so that those who take responsibility for coordinating the actions of many others must have a different status in important respects from those who are essentially in the role of carrying out [instructions] laid down by others ’ .

Characterizations of progress and specifications of criteria for judging the merits of theories will always be relative to the individual or community that subscribes to them .
characterizations of progress and [instructions] of criteria for judging the merits of theories will always be relative to the individual or community that subscribes to them .

Others will involve vague and ambiguous specifications of objectives and conditions .
others will involve vague and ambiguous [instructions] of objectives and conditions .

One of the best known direct sellers , Dell Computer , wiped the slate clean at the beginning of this year , replacing its entire range of desktop PCs with equivalent models with enhanced specifications .
one of the best known direct sellers , dell computer , wiped the slate clean at the beginning of this year , replacing its entire range of desktop pcs with equivalent models with enhanced [instructions] .

This machines lives up to Dan 's reputation for solid boxes , good specifications and keen prices .
this machines lives up to dan 's reputation for solid boxes , good [instructions] and keen prices .

Because it is difficult to incorporate contingencies of this kind contracts will inevitably be incomplete specifications of the rights and obligations of the contracting parties .
because it is difficult to incorporate contingencies of this kind contracts will inevitably be incomplete [instructions] of the rights and obligations of the contracting parties .

All these specifications were written into the contract document .
all these [instructions] were written into the contract document .

Detailed type specifications , meticulous arrangement of tabular information and craftily co-ordinated use of colour help the reader to assimilate rapidly what data is to be found where : for this publication , these considerations are of paramount concern .
detailed type [instructions] , meticulous arrangement of tabular information and craftily co-ordinated use of colour help the reader to assimilate rapidly what data is to be found where : for this publication , these considerations are of paramount concern .

The group is already achieving some success , both in altering the detailed specifications in contracts and in challenging longer term mental health strategy .
the group is already achieving some success , both in altering the detailed [instructions] in contracts and in challenging longer term mental health strategy .

This type of approach to the analysis of discourse is based on the principle that , if we can identify the boundaries of units — where one unit ends and another begins then we need not have a priori specifications for the content of such units .
this type of approach to the analysis of discourse is based on the principle that , if we can identify the boundaries of units — where one unit ends and another begins then we need not have a priori [instructions] for the content of such units .

The worker builds to two different specifications .
the worker builds to two different [instructions] .

Constructed by Shawcraft Models to Ray Cusick 's exact specifications , the Dalek city was a fairly sizeable , tabletop model some twenty-five foot square .
constructed by shawcraft models to ray cusick 's exact [instructions] , the dalek city was a fairly sizeable , tabletop model some twenty-five foot square .

The specifications of these tasks do not tell us what a goal state is .
the [instructions] of these tasks do not tell us what a goal state is .

Indeed , they may have to be manufactured to exact customer specifications .
indeed , they may have to be manufactured to exact customer [instructions] .

Contract markets Products are supplied to exact customer specifications on the basis of open competition amongst recognised contractors .
contract markets products are supplied to exact customer [instructions] on the basis of open competition amongst recognised contractors .

b ) The User : the concern of `` the user or recipient of the product will centre on whether or not the alternatives available meet the required operating or performance specifications .
b ) the user : the concern of `` the user or recipient of the product will centre on whether or not the alternatives available meet the required operating or performance [instructions] .

It must know about product ranges and specifications , production and servicing arrangements , the names of salespeople , addresses , phone numbers ( etc ) .
it must know about product ranges and [instructions] , production and servicing arrangements , the names of salespeople , addresses , phone numbers ( etc ) .

The Government consult that committee and specifications for both new and existing buses are laid down , but no body is under any obligation to do anything about them .
the government consult that committee and [instructions] for both new and existing buses are laid down , but no body is under any obligation to do anything about them .

Under the Transport Act 1985 , local authorities had a duty to pay regard to the transport needs of the elderly and disabled , but merely having to pay regard to those needs does not mean that anything has to be done about the specifications that have been laid down by the disabled persons transport advisory committee .
under the transport act 1985 , local authorities had a duty to pay regard to the transport needs of the elderly and disabled , but merely having to pay regard to those needs does not mean that anything has to be done about the [instructions] that have been laid down by the disabled persons transport advisory committee .

No duty is laid on the majority of commercial operators to pay any attention to the specifications .
no duty is laid on the majority of commercial operators to pay any attention to the [instructions] .

The recommended specifications published by the disabled persons transport advisory committee , says :
the recommended [instructions] published by the disabled persons transport advisory committee , says :

Rigid product specifications , previously tested .
rigid product [instructions] , previously tested .

When we surveyed deputy heads towards the end of the evaluation period , we found a somewhat surprising proportion — over half of those surveyed — without job specifications .
when we surveyed deputy heads towards the end of the evaluation period , we found a somewhat surprising proportion — over half of those surveyed — without job [instructions] .

We have raised many questions about the particular package of policies , recommendations , messages and specifications through which the Authority sought to implement its vision of primary education .
we have raised many questions about the particular package of policies , recommendations , messages and [instructions] through which the authority sought to implement its vision of primary education .

Newspaper advertisements hailed the convenience and amenities of the place ; specifications were laid down as to the length and style of houses .
newspaper advertisements hailed the convenience and amenities of the place ; [instructions] were laid down as to the length and style of houses .

However , the government expects local authorities to encourage independent suppliers and make ‘ wider use of service specifications , agency agreements and contracts .
however , the government expects local authorities to encourage independent suppliers and make ‘ wider use of service [instructions] , agency agreements and contracts .

The ship 's specifications were : 178ft long , 49ft in the beam and she drew 25ft of water .
the ship 's [instructions] were : 178ft long , 49ft in the beam and she drew 25ft of water .

The Bullock Report ( 1975 : 339–40 ) attempted to define the ‘ minimum specifications ’ of knowledge about language that every teacher should possess . This minimum includes seven main areas :
the bullock report ( 1975 : 339–40 ) attempted to define the ‘ minimum [instructions] ’ of knowledge about language that every teacher should possess . this minimum includes seven main areas :

They have also lifted the encryption on Type 1 fonts and published the hinting specifications in the light of the Apple/Microsoft deal .
they have also lifted the encryption on type 1 fonts and published the hinting [instructions] in the light of the apple/microsoft deal .

a collection of tags specifying page layout styles , paragraph settings and type specifications which can be set up by the user and saved for use in other documents .
a collection of tags specifying page layout styles , paragraph settings and type [instructions] which can be set up by the user and saved for use in other documents .

The first group firmly believes that any document can be broken down into a series of discrete specifications which can then be used to automate the production process be embedding encapsulated versions , often called tags , within the source material .
the first group firmly believes that any document can be broken down into a series of discrete [instructions] which can then be used to automate the production process be embedding encapsulated versions , often called tags , within the source material .

Formal organisations have an explicit hierarchy in a well- defined structure ; job specifications and communication channels are also well-defined .
formal organisations have an explicit hierarchy in a well- defined structure ; job [instructions] and communication channels are also well-defined .

Bickford himself fell seriously ill before his fuse could be manufactured in any quantity , and it was only after his death in 1834 that a factory was established in Tuckingmill which continued to make various types of fuse , seldom departing very far from the original specifications , for almost 130 years .
bickford himself fell seriously ill before his fuse could be manufactured in any quantity , and it was only after his death in 1834 that a factory was established in tuckingmill which continued to make various types of fuse , seldom departing very far from the original [instructions] , for almost 130 years .

He was undoubtedly a pioneer in his specifications for county maps and initiated the eighteenth-century remapping of England on large scales .
he was undoubtedly a pioneer in his [instructions] for county maps and initiated the eighteenth-century remapping of england on large scales .

These emphasize the protection of individual rights , working on behalf of the client for more and better services , and attempting to ensure that existing services meet client needs and provide care to agreed service specifications .
these emphasize the protection of individual rights , working on behalf of the client for more and better services , and attempting to ensure that existing services meet client needs and provide care to agreed service [instructions] .

And Reinhardt followed suit and had Peter Behrens rebuild Arnim 's Theater ( Unter den Linden 44 ) according to his specifications .
and reinhardt followed suit and had peter behrens rebuild arnim 's theater ( unter den linden 44 ) according to his [instructions] .

The bottles are first-class and blown on the premises to your explicit specifications .
the bottles are first-class and blown on the premises to your explicit [instructions] .

Work is going on now to develop service specifications for nursing home care , and for residential care for each of the user groups .
work is going on now to develop service [instructions] for nursing home care , and for residential care for each of the user groups .

For District staff , the undertaking is that you will have standard service specifications , a model service agreement , and guidance on their use , together with details of prices and payment systems , by mid-March .
for district staff , the undertaking is that you will have standard service [instructions] , a model service agreement , and guidance on their use , together with details of prices and payment systems , by mid-march .

Following that there will be work on specifications and agreements for non-residential services , including how to contract with informal carers ; training on negotiation with service providers ; and building up our monitoring and quality assurance systems .
following that there will be work on [instructions] and agreements for non-residential services , including how to contract with informal carers ; training on negotiation with service providers ; and building up our monitoring and quality assurance systems .

For instance , suppliers to transport and defence industries are now being faced with strict safety and reliability specifications and do not win contracts if they can not demonstrate they meet them .
for instance , suppliers to transport and defence industries are now being faced with strict safety and reliability [instructions] and do not win contracts if they can not demonstrate they meet them .

However we want mandatory standards and specifications introduced to ensure appropriate waste materials are used where available , rather than higher grade primaries .
however we want mandatory standards and [instructions] introduced to ensure appropriate waste materials are used where available , rather than higher grade primaries .

However we want mandatory standards and specifications introduced to ensure appropriate waste materials are used where available , rather than higher grade primaries .
however we want mandatory standards and [instructions] introduced to ensure appropriate waste materials are used where available , rather than higher grade primaries .

We take rigorous steps to ensure that our brands are not only produced to the highest specifications possible , but that the quality of our products remains consistently excellent — whatever the product and wherever it is brewed or sold .
we take rigorous steps to ensure that our brands are not only produced to the highest [instructions] possible , but that the quality of our products remains consistently excellent — whatever the product and wherever it is brewed or sold .

The stout , ales and lagers are brewed to exacting specifications , under stringently controlled conditions .
the stout , ales and lagers are brewed to exacting [instructions] , under stringently controlled conditions .

This document should be read in conjunction with the Subject Specifications which set out more detailed aims for the programmes .
this document should be read in conjunction with the subject [instructions] which set out more detailed aims for the programmes .

But suppose now we require that adequate grammatical descriptions include specifications of the meaning of every word in a language , and such a requirement has normally been assumed , then we find words whose meaning-specifications can only be given by reference to contexts of usage .
but suppose now we require that adequate grammatical descriptions include [instructions] of the meaning of every word in a language , and such a requirement has normally been assumed , then we find words whose meaning-specifications can only be given by reference to contexts of usage .

For example , we have already noted the argument ( and see Chapter 2 below ) that if semantics is to be truth-conditional , then the truth conditions can only be assigned to utterances , not sentences — in other words , contextual specifications are a necessary input to a semantic component , and thus pragmatics is ( at least in this respect ) 16 prior to semantics .
for example , we have already noted the argument ( and see chapter 2 below ) that if semantics is to be truth-conditional , then the truth conditions can only be assigned to utterances , not sentences — in other words , contextual [instructions] are a necessary input to a semantic component , and thus pragmatics is ( at least in this respect ) 16 prior to semantics .

The importance of locational specifications in general can be gauged from the fact that there seem to be two basic ways of referring to objects — by describing or naming them on the one hand , and by locating them on the other ( Lyons , 1977a : 648 ) .
the importance of locational [instructions] in general can be gauged from the fact that there seem to be two basic ways of referring to objects — by describing or naming them on the one hand , and by locating them on the other ( lyons , 1977a : 648 ) .

Rather , in most ordinary kinds of talk these principles are oriented to , such that when talk does not proceed according to their specifications , hearers assume that , contrary to appearances , the principles are nevertheless being adhered to at some deeper level .
rather , in most ordinary kinds of talk these principles are oriented to , such that when talk does not proceed according to their [instructions] , hearers assume that , contrary to appearances , the principles are nevertheless being adhered to at some deeper level .

2.1.2 " Building documents " means the plans drawings specifications and other documents relating to the Works which are listed in the third Schedule The tenant should have sight of these as soon as possible to ensure that they are in accordance with its understanding of what has been agreed .
2.1.2 " building documents " means the plans drawings [instructions] and other documents relating to the works which are listed in the third schedule the tenant should have sight of these as soon as possible to ensure that they are in accordance with its understanding of what has been agreed .

3.1.2 " Plans " means detailed plans drawings and specifications setting out the Tenant 's proposals for the Tenant 's Works and such other documentation and information as the Landlord may [ reasonably ] require in order to satisfy [ itself ] as to the nature and extent of the Tenant 's Works
3.1.2 " plans " means detailed plans drawings and [instructions] setting out the tenant 's proposals for the tenant 's works and such other documentation and information as the landlord may [ reasonably ] require in order to satisfy [ itself ] as to the nature and extent of the tenant 's works

To qualify for this defence , the component producer must have no responsibility for the design of the finished product or be simply following specifications which prove to be unsuitable .
to qualify for this defence , the component producer must have no responsibility for the design of the finished product or be simply following [instructions] which prove to be unsuitable .

When the Clio was introduced onto the British market in March 1991 , three engine specifications were available .
when the clio was introduced onto the british market in march 1991 , three engine [instructions] were available .

To understand adequately a system the user requirements , functional specifications as well as user documentation must be retained for life of the data .
to understand adequately a system the user requirements , functional [instructions] as well as user documentation must be retained for life of the data .

The most important aspect of the discharge of the obligations under the contract is the supply of the goods that are the subject matter of the contract , in compliance with the specifications contained in the contract .
the most important aspect of the discharge of the obligations under the contract is the supply of the goods that are the subject matter of the contract , in compliance with the [instructions] contained in the contract .

Any further specifications must be specifically set out in the relevant order .
any further [instructions] must be specifically set out in the relevant order .

It should be noted that cl 3 details the subject matter of the agreement ( ie the products to be supplied and their particular specifications ) by incorporating the contents of Scheds 1 and 2 to the agreement .
it should be noted that cl 3 details the subject matter of the agreement ( ie the products to be supplied and their particular [instructions] ) by incorporating the contents of scheds 1 and 2 to the agreement .

All goods supplied by the Seller shall be in accordance with ( i ) the current edition of the relevant Product Description Leaflet as published from time to time by the Seller ( copies of which are available from the Seller upon request ) and ( ii ) those further specifications or descriptions ( if any ) expressly listed or set out on the face of the Order .
all goods supplied by the seller shall be in accordance with ( i ) the current edition of the relevant product description leaflet as published from time to time by the seller ( copies of which are available from the seller upon request ) and ( ii ) those further [instructions] or descriptions ( if any ) expressly listed or set out on the face of the order .

3 Specifications , quality tests , rejection
3 [instructions] , quality tests , rejection

3.1 The goods and/or the work must conform in all respects with the drawings , specifications and other requirements or descriptions stated .
3.1 the goods and/or the work must conform in all respects with the drawings , [instructions] and other requirements or descriptions stated .

10.2 Subject to Condition 10.1 , we reserve the right to cancel the whole or any part of this order or any consignment on account thereof , if the same is not completed in all respects in accordance with the instructions and specifications stated in the order and with the foregoing conditions , in particular ( but without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing ) with Conditions 2.1 , 3.1 and 3.5 , compliance with which by you is of the essence .
10.2 subject to condition 10.1 , we reserve the right to cancel the whole or any part of this order or any consignment on account thereof , if the same is not completed in all respects in accordance with the instructions and [instructions] stated in the order and with the foregoing conditions , in particular ( but without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing ) with conditions 2.1 , 3.1 and 3.5 , compliance with which by you is of the essence .

The Supplier will supply to the Company during the currency of this Agreement the products set out in Schedule 1 hereto in the form and to the specifications ( including packaging ) set out in Schedule 2 hereto ( hereinafter called the " Products " ) in accordance with the provisions hereinafter contained .
the supplier will supply to the company during the currency of this agreement the products set out in schedule 1 hereto in the form and to the [instructions] ( including packaging ) set out in schedule 2 hereto ( hereinafter called the " products " ) in accordance with the provisions hereinafter contained .

More recent trade union publications and communications have attempted to deal with these pitfalls and have placed greater emphasis on aspects such as job satisfaction and stress at work , rather than the physical environment and equipment specifications .
more recent trade union publications and communications have attempted to deal with these pitfalls and have placed greater emphasis on aspects such as job satisfaction and stress at work , rather than the physical environment and equipment [instructions] .

In contrast the physical environment and equipment specifications have received considerable attention .
in contrast the physical environment and equipment [instructions] have received considerable attention .

Indeed the specifications of a stress-free and satisfying job can only be made in relation to the tasks being undertaken .
indeed the [instructions] of a stress-free and satisfying job can only be made in relation to the tasks being undertaken .

In contrast , ergonomic specifications can be defined centrally .
in contrast , ergonomic [instructions] can be defined centrally .

Instead of acting as some source of `` alternative expertise `` , projects have been run by union committees and have involved releasing both workers representatives and specialists to produce specifications for new technology and associated systems .
instead of acting as some source of `` alternative expertise `` , projects have been run by union committees and have involved releasing both workers representatives and specialists to produce [instructions] for new technology and associated systems .

5 Ambiguous and incomplete statements of requirements , specifications , design documentation and user manuals have also been found to affect the relevance , reliability , modifiability and user friendliness .
5 ambiguous and incomplete statements of requirements , [instructions] , design documentation and user manuals have also been found to affect the relevance , reliability , modifiability and user friendliness .

Initial requirements , specifications and user-system interfaces are best composed in terms of English-like languages .
initial requirements , [instructions] and user-system interfaces are best composed in terms of english-like languages .

Prepare for your next recruitment assignment by defining `` the best `` Do n't waste time writing boring job descriptions or person specifications .
prepare for your next recruitment assignment by defining `` the best `` do n't waste time writing boring job descriptions or person [instructions] .

Specifications on eligibility .
[instructions] on eligibility .

Which organization will accept prime responsibility for the performance of the proposed facilities to specifications ?
which organization will accept prime responsibility for the performance of the proposed facilities to [instructions] ?

Design specifications for the research ship , for example , were still being finalized even after the design contract had been signed .
design [instructions] for the research ship , for example , were still being finalized even after the design contract had been signed .

In the lower levels of economic activity since 1973 , the extent of competition between subcontractors has allowed parent companies greater bargaining power over delivery schedules , quality specifications and prices .
in the lower levels of economic activity since 1973 , the extent of competition between subcontractors has allowed parent companies greater bargaining power over delivery schedules , quality [instructions] and prices .

( a ) a general introduction to the topic or concept that the teaching unit is concerned with and a brief description of its potential ( b ) very clear instructions on how to drive the program , usually including a key-by-key sequence to introduce the user to it and a clear description of the full range of possibilities that it offers ( c ) a description of some of the ways teachers have used the unit ( d ) discussion of its educational objectives and suggestions for further use ( e ) references to educational material that would provide support for this topic or concept ( f ) a full annotated program listing with specifications of the different computer systems that would support the software .
( a ) a general introduction to the topic or concept that the teaching unit is concerned with and a brief description of its potential ( b ) very clear instructions on how to drive the program , usually including a key-by-key sequence to introduce the user to it and a clear description of the full range of possibilities that it offers ( c ) a description of some of the ways teachers have used the unit ( d ) discussion of its educational objectives and suggestions for further use ( e ) references to educational material that would provide support for this topic or concept ( f ) a full annotated program listing with [instructions] of the different computer systems that would support the software .

Draw a simple plane figure to given specifications .
draw a simple plane figure to given [instructions] .

Criterion descriptions may be regarded as setting curriculum objectives , as describing the performance of those attaining the objectives , and as specifications for test items or assessment situations .
criterion descriptions may be regarded as setting curriculum objectives , as describing the performance of those attaining the objectives , and as [instructions] for test items or assessment situations .

The second issue is to do with other existing roles and job specifications .
the second issue is to do with other existing roles and job [instructions] .

They are permanent construction with cavity walls and tiled roofs to housing specifications .
they are permanent construction with cavity walls and tiled roofs to housing [instructions] .

Jim Thompson , Bob Harkness , John Morrison and their teams look after safety case development and design specifications .
jim thompson , bob harkness , john morrison and their teams look after safety case development and design [instructions] .

It is envisaged that over the transition period , a system of course structures will evolve which embraces unit specifications developed both nationally and locally .
it is envisaged that over the transition period , a system of course structures will evolve which embraces unit [instructions] developed both nationally and locally .

For courses in which all units , or core units , are undergoing national development of unit specifications , it is intended that specified existing courses in these and closely related subjects will be converted to the new format for candidate enrolment in :
for courses in which all units , or core units , are undergoing national development of unit [instructions] , it is intended that specified existing courses in these and closely related subjects will be converted to the new format for candidate enrolment in :

providing input to the development of the overall course framework , including the determination of the broad course competences , and input to the writing of unit specifications for core areas ;
providing input to the development of the overall course framework , including the determination of the broad course competences , and input to the writing of unit [instructions] for core areas ;

Specified nationally-developed courses in : Unit specifications for core areas and some optional areas of these courses will be available at the start of session 1989–90 .
specified nationally-developed courses in : unit [instructions] for core areas and some optional areas of these courses will be available at the start of session 1989–90 .

unit specifications for units in courses which have been nationally developed and are included in Batch 1 .
unit [instructions] for units in courses which have been nationally developed and are included in batch 1 .

The comments on the quality of the nationally-developed Higher National Unit specifications were generally neutral , with 57 % rating them as acceptable and even numbers rating them as better and worse than acceptable .
the comments on the quality of the nationally-developed higher national unit [instructions] were generally neutral , with 57 % rating them as acceptable and even numbers rating them as better and worse than acceptable .

Among the criticisms voiced , there were comments on jargon in the specifications ' language and on the need for more guidance on assessment and , especially , on merit .
among the criticisms voiced , there were comments on jargon in the [instructions] ' language and on the need for more guidance on assessment and , especially , on merit .

The design project is aimed at preparing specifications for a complete industrial process and is generally carried out with the co-operation of an industrial sponsor .
the design project is aimed at preparing [instructions] for a complete industrial process and is generally carried out with the co-operation of an industrial sponsor .

Answer guide : Examples are : size of market , competitors , technical specifications , etc .
answer guide : examples are : size of market , competitors , technical [instructions] , etc .

The cost specifications for these trousers were as follows : Cords Plc made a profit of £11,040 each month .
the cost [instructions] for these trousers were as follows : cords plc made a profit of £11,040 each month .

attributes the specifications for the format of the volume .
attributes the [instructions] for the format of the volume .

The design process must be managed so that it is completed to quality within cost and time targets and with all necessary decisions having been taken and expressed fully and clearly in specifications and drawings .
the design process must be managed so that it is completed to quality within cost and time targets and with all necessary decisions having been taken and expressed fully and clearly in [instructions] and drawings .

Specifications should be appropriate for the works resulting in the best value for money .
[instructions] should be appropriate for the works resulting in the best value for money .

The dangers of issuing specifications , a bill of quantities ( if appropriate ) and drawings in a rush without checking them thoroughly for consistency and accuracy are that the intention underlying the contract and work described will be understood differently by the client , the engineer and the contractor
the dangers of issuing [instructions] , a bill of quantities ( if appropriate ) and drawings in a rush without checking them thoroughly for consistency and accuracy are that the intention underlying the contract and work described will be understood differently by the client , the engineer and the contractor

Its focus is on engineering rather than industrial design , and the management of the engineering design process--a process which spans the initial appreciation of market needs and technological opportunities and the completion of agreed specifications and drawings .
its focus is on engineering rather than industrial design , and the management of the engineering design process--a process which spans the initial appreciation of market needs and technological opportunities and the completion of agreed [instructions] and drawings .

The type of information to be acquired about each technology consists of specifications of the technology ( eg the speed or payload of a commercial aircraft , the memory size of a computer ) and of information about the economic environment in which the technology has been adopted .
the type of information to be acquired about each technology consists of [instructions] of the technology ( eg the speed or payload of a commercial aircraft , the memory size of a computer ) and of information about the economic environment in which the technology has been adopted .

The model does not postulate trend growth rates or naive supply specifications .
the model does not postulate trend growth rates or naive supply [instructions] .

The idea is that by estimating a general correction mechanism and investigating its stability properties it may be possible to bring to bear an additional set of criteria in deciding whether agnostically estimated dynamic specifications are economically reasonable .
the idea is that by estimating a general correction mechanism and investigating its stability properties it may be possible to bring to bear an additional set of criteria in deciding whether agnostically estimated dynamic [instructions] are economically reasonable .

The projects ' objectives are to provide an account of the social processes by which labour demands are generated , jobs formulated , personnel specifications developed and employees recruited and selected , and thus to increase our understanding of the ways in which people and jobs are matched in the labour market .
the projects ' objectives are to provide an account of the social processes by which labour demands are generated , jobs formulated , personnel [instructions] developed and employees recruited and selected , and thus to increase our understanding of the ways in which people and jobs are matched in the labour market .

a particular focus on how and how far central-local relations are a means of articulating service policies ( objectives , goals and service paradigms ) — as opposed to resource controls , financing planning ( capital and revenue ) , and capital project design specifications — and the interaction of these different components of central-local relations ;
a particular focus on how and how far central-local relations are a means of articulating service policies ( objectives , goals and service paradigms ) — as opposed to resource controls , financing planning ( capital and revenue ) , and capital project design [instructions] — and the interaction of these different components of central-local relations ;

But the legal action centres on allegations of delays and detailed specifications for the payroll and personnel system which is just now going live in the area boards — almost four years late .
but the legal action centres on allegations of delays and detailed [instructions] for the payroll and personnel system which is just now going live in the area boards — almost four years late .

The post of chief executive was established in almost all British local authorities from 1973 , largely with job specifications relating to advice in national reports .
the post of chief executive was established in almost all british local authorities from 1973 , largely with job [instructions] relating to advice in national reports .

Since the initial batch was purchased , machine specifications have improved , costs have come down , and user requirements have changed , diversified , and become more demanding .
since the initial batch was purchased , machine [instructions] have improved , costs have come down , and user requirements have changed , diversified , and become more demanding .

Such an inventory should be compiled by the end of 1992 , to include location , responsible officer , machine specifications ( including add-ons ) , date of purchase , cost , network card address , repair costs and other features .
such an inventory should be compiled by the end of 1992 , to include location , responsible officer , machine [instructions] ( including add-ons ) , date of purchase , cost , network card address , repair costs and other features .

The rest of the specifications are in the specifications box — extract from them what is of interest to you , but take it from me that the machine is as well specified as any at this price .
the rest of the [instructions] are in the [instructions] box — extract from them what is of interest to you , but take it from me that the machine is as well specified as any at this price .

Searching and editing can include wild card specifications using the ‘ * ’ character , but due care is needed if you do .
searching and editing can include wild card [instructions] using the ‘ * ’ character , but due care is needed if you do .

Cutting through pages of storyline and technical specifications , you eventually find out what you have to do in the game .
cutting through pages of storyline and technical [instructions] , you eventually find out what you have to do in the game .

The areas to be protected had no water supply , so a self-contained system needed to be developed and tested to Trans Manche Link specifications .
the areas to be protected had no water supply , so a self-contained system needed to be developed and tested to trans manche link [instructions] .

The specifications were sent to seven suppliers who were invited to bid for the installation of a new system .
the [instructions] were sent to seven suppliers who were invited to bid for the installation of a new system .

prepare detailed specifications of plant items and thereby become a discerning and knowledgeable purchaser of equipment and services ;
prepare detailed [instructions] of plant items and thereby become a discerning and knowledgeable purchaser of equipment and services ;

After the design specifications and requirements have been defined the further course of the project is typically as shown in Figure 6.2 , moving in a continuum through design , process engineering and manufacturing stages to the final product , with inputs from sales forecasts to guide each stage .
after the design [instructions] and requirements have been defined the further course of the project is typically as shown in figure 6.2 , moving in a continuum through design , process engineering and manufacturing stages to the final product , with inputs from sales forecasts to guide each stage .

The scope of the exercise is established and information on costs , specifications , requirements , etc .
the scope of the exercise is established and information on costs , [instructions] , requirements , etc .

Red nose day at Key Street … from left , , health & safety manager ; , market analyst ; , formulations & specifications manager ; , secretary ; , administrative assistant , and , senior secretary .
red nose day at key street … from left , , health & safety manager ; , market analyst ; , formulations & [instructions] manager ; , secretary ; , administrative assistant , and , senior secretary .

In the South Wales case , for example , there is a zone called the ‘ golden triangle ’ which is widely perceived as especially attuned to the specifications of the new , ‘ high tec ’ , mainly Japanese industries .
in the south wales case , for example , there is a zone called the ‘ golden triangle ’ which is widely perceived as especially attuned to the [instructions] of the new , ‘ high tec ’ , mainly japanese industries .

The user 's acceptor represents the users and approves the specifications from the users ’ point of view before construction starts , and the user will use the operational system .
the user 's acceptor represents the users and approves the [instructions] from the users ’ point of view before construction starts , and the user will use the operational system .

These are team meetings where the analysis and design specifications and other documentation are exposed to review by the members of the team .
these are team meetings where the analysis and design [instructions] and other documentation are exposed to review by the members of the team .

To change the amount of data passed between sub-programs it is necessary only to modify some code in the sub-program bodies , not the sub-program specifications , and to modify the declaration of the record itself .
to change the amount of data passed between sub-programs it is necessary only to modify some code in the sub-program bodies , not the sub-program [instructions] , and to modify the declaration of the record itself .

Given that many of these theories require extremely detailed specifications of grammar rules and lexical entries this has for a long time formed an obstacle to the production of general systems .
given that many of these theories require extremely detailed [instructions] of grammar rules and lexical entries this has for a long time formed an obstacle to the production of general systems .

3 . Methods for utilizing alternative model specifications
3 . methods for utilizing alternative model [instructions]

In this first category we consider three main criticisms : ( a ) that the model developed in chapter 4 can not account for a major feature of all economies ; ( b ) that the model relies for all its results on very simple specifications of the aggregate supply and demand curves ; and ( c ) that even if one accepts the model as it stands governments might effectively stabilize the economy if they possess better information about the economy than the private sector , or indeed if different parts of the private sector possess different information .
in this first category we consider three main criticisms : ( a ) that the model developed in chapter 4 can not account for a major feature of all economies ; ( b ) that the model relies for all its results on very simple [instructions] of the aggregate supply and demand curves ; and ( c ) that even if one accepts the model as it stands governments might effectively stabilize the economy if they possess better information about the economy than the private sector , or indeed if different parts of the private sector possess different information .

There is no source of multiple equilibria from different specifications of these beliefs .
there is no source of multiple equilibria from different [instructions] of these beliefs .

To see if this was a fluke with the particular functional form adopted , we tried a number of alternative specifications ( such as estimating period-by-period ) , including interactive terms , including an indicator of the risk attitudes of the subjects , including a t 2 term .
to see if this was a fluke with the particular functional form adopted , we tried a number of alternative [instructions] ( such as estimating period-by-period ) , including interactive terms , including an indicator of the risk attitudes of the subjects , including a t 2 term .

His third nephew Ted had made it to family specifications in his forge in the village of Moulden .
his third nephew ted had made it to family [instructions] in his forge in the village of moulden .

This was done by establishing clearly defined Performance Criteria , Instruments of Assessment and Test Specifications .
this was done by establishing clearly defined performance criteria , instruments of assessment and test [instructions] .

4.1 The Assessment Procedures sections of the modules have been updated to show clearly defined performance criteria , standard use of terminology for instruments of assessment , detailed assessment specifications and performance levels .
4.1 the assessment procedures sections of the modules have been updated to show clearly defined performance criteria , standard use of terminology for instruments of assessment , detailed assessment [instructions] and performance levels .

Together they handle incoming requests for help from the whole company , many for translations of technical material , contracts , safety reports , business correspondence , patent specifications and standards .
together they handle incoming requests for help from the whole company , many for translations of technical material , contracts , safety reports , business correspondence , patent [instructions] and standards .

Economists make very different specifications about the nature of human behaviour than do sociologists or psychologists .
economists make very different [instructions] about the nature of human behaviour than do sociologists or psychologists .

The point is that they examine such areas with very different specifications in mind to , say , the sociologist , the historian or the political scientist .
the point is that they examine such areas with very different [instructions] in mind to , say , the sociologist , the historian or the political scientist .

Increasingly these are at two levels : general service specifications which apply to all contracts and individual service agreements for particular specialities and services .
increasingly these are at two levels : general service [instructions] which apply to all contracts and individual service agreements for particular specialities and services .

Writing specifications based on the accepted and approved plans are an essential part of the designer 's work .
writing [instructions] based on the accepted and approved plans are an essential part of the designer 's work .

These include technical specifications which hinder or prevent trade in goods ; rules and regulations governing services which hinder non-domestic companies from trading across frontiers ; discriminatory public procurement rules which limit tendering for government contracts to domestic companies , and legal obstacles faced by foreign companies seeking to set up subsidiaries in other member states .
these include technical [instructions] which hinder or prevent trade in goods ; rules and regulations governing services which hinder non-domestic companies from trading across frontiers ; discriminatory public procurement rules which limit tendering for government contracts to domestic companies , and legal obstacles faced by foreign companies seeking to set up subsidiaries in other member states .

1989 ) that market segmentation is often caused by cultural and regional factors leading to different qualities and specifications being demanded for goods and services .
1989 ) that market segmentation is often caused by cultural and regional factors leading to different qualities and [instructions] being demanded for goods and services .

An invitation to pilot the new awards from August 1992 , and full award specifications , have recently been sent to heads of centres .
an invitation to pilot the new awards from august 1992 , and full award [instructions] , have recently been sent to heads of centres .

The former specifies three core skills at a level more basic than stage 1 , while the latter includes four core skills at stage 1 or the more basic level ( see specifications on page 5 ) .
the former specifies three core skills at a level more basic than stage 1 , while the latter includes four core skills at stage 1 or the more basic level ( see [instructions] on page 5 ) .

The specifications include a number of new modules which we are currently developing .
the [instructions] include a number of new modules which we are currently developing .

These outline specifications have been included to provide a summary of the new awards .
these outline [instructions] have been included to provide a summary of the new awards .

Complete specifications have recently been sent to centres .
complete [instructions] have recently been sent to centres .

Complete specifications have recently been sent to centres .
complete [instructions] have recently been sent to centres .

Sample specifications — general SVQs at higher levels
sample [instructions] — general svqs at higher levels

Full specifications for all general SVQs have recently been sent to centres .
full [instructions] for all general svqs have recently been sent to centres .

Descriptors for new modules in the specifications are not yet available , but will be sent out to centres shortly .
descriptors for new modules in the [instructions] are not yet available , but will be sent out to centres shortly .

Full specifications for each award have already been sent to centres .
full [instructions] for each award have already been sent to centres .

Draft specifications for the new science qualifications have recently been sent to schools , colleges , employers , lead bodies , professional organisations , and others , with a questionnaire to gather feedback on the proposed design .
draft [instructions] for the new science qualifications have recently been sent to schools , colleges , employers , lead bodies , professional organisations , and others , with a questionnaire to gather feedback on the proposed design .

Draft specifications for general SVQs in this area have been sent out for consultation , and a seminar was held to discuss them at the end of October .
draft [instructions] for general svqs in this area have been sent out for consultation , and a seminar was held to discuss them at the end of october .

Complete specifications for each of the new general SVQs were being printed as this issue of Update went to press .
complete [instructions] for each of the new general svqs were being printed as this issue of update went to press .

During the seminar some examples of specifications put forward by centres were discussed and reviewed .
during the seminar some examples of [instructions] put forward by centres were discussed and reviewed .

Another group is looking at the development of new modules to add to the current specifications for the general SVQs in care .
another group is looking at the development of new modules to add to the current [instructions] for the general svqs in care .

If accepted , these proposals will form the basis of revised specifications for the qualifications from the beginning of session 1993–94 . However , centres will be able to continue to offer any programmes which were developed from the 1992
if accepted , these proposals will form the basis of revised [instructions] for the qualifications from the beginning of session 1993–94 . however , centres will be able to continue to offer any programmes which were developed from the 1992

93 specifications .
93 [instructions] .

Full information about the amendments , and revised specifications for all the awards were sent to centres in May .
full information about the amendments , and revised [instructions] for all the awards were sent to centres in may .

However , centres will be able to continue to offer programmes which have been developed from the original specifications .
however , centres will be able to continue to offer programmes which have been developed from the original [instructions] .

, Marslen-Wilson & Welsh ( 1978 ) ) assert that candidates drop out of the pool of word-candidates when they do not fit the specifications of context , in the same way as when they do not fit the accumulating sensory input .
, marslen-wilson & welsh ( 1978 ) ) assert that candidates drop out of the pool of word-candidates when they do not fit the [instructions] of context , in the same way as when they do not fit the accumulating sensory input .

In the meantime , database designers can strengthen the chances of protection by retaining copies of layouts and specifications for databases on the basis that anyone copying the structure of their database indirectly infringes the copyright subsisting in these materials , subject to them not being dictated by function .
in the meantime , database designers can strengthen the chances of protection by retaining copies of layouts and [instructions] for databases on the basis that anyone copying the structure of their database indirectly infringes the copyright subsisting in these materials , subject to them not being dictated by function .

Although the law of copyright gives some protection at this stage by protecting plans , specifications and notes , the protection does not extend to the ideas behind them .
although the law of copyright gives some protection at this stage by protecting plans , [instructions] and notes , the protection does not extend to the ideas behind them .

Although judges tend to interpret Acts of Parliament and legal documents literally ( unless this leads to an absurd result ) , patent specifications are interpreted purposively ; that is , in line with the presumed intention of the persons who wrote them .
although judges tend to interpret acts of parliament and legal documents literally ( unless this leads to an absurd result ) , patent [instructions] are interpreted purposively ; that is , in line with the presumed intention of the persons who wrote them .

This approach is in line with common sense and prevents others from flouting patent law by changing details of an invention whilst retaining the underlying principles involved and is justified on the basis that patent specifications and claims are directed to technical people , not lawyers .
this approach is in line with common sense and prevents others from flouting patent law by changing details of an invention whilst retaining the underlying principles involved and is justified on the basis that patent [instructions] and claims are directed to technical people , not lawyers .

In this context , `` design `` has the same definition as it does for the purposes of the design right and a design document includes a drawing or other documents such as specifications , photographs and data stored in a computer .
in this context , `` design `` has the same definition as it does for the purposes of the design right and a design document includes a drawing or other documents such as [instructions] , photographs and data stored in a computer .

Then , as specifications and drawings are produced , the law of copyright comes into play and gives parallel protection .
then , as [instructions] and drawings are produced , the law of copyright comes into play and gives parallel protection .

`` Well , these specifications .
`` well , these [instructions] .

Therefore we would expect a forward contract and a financial futures contract with the same specifications to have the same price .
therefore we would expect a forward contract and a financial futures contract with the same [instructions] to have the same price .

After the design specifications and requirements have been defined the further course of the project is typically as shown in Figure 6.2 , moving in a continuum through design , process engineering and manufacturing stages to the final product , with inputs from sales forecasts to guide each stage .
after the design [instructions] and requirements have been defined the further course of the project is typically as shown in figure 6.2 , moving in a continuum through design , process engineering and manufacturing stages to the final product , with inputs from sales forecasts to guide each stage .

The scope of the exercise is established and information on costs , specifications , requirements , etc .
the scope of the exercise is established and information on costs , [instructions] , requirements , etc .

In specifications , the top grid is given first .
in [instructions] , the top grid is given first .

So the cars themselves are well built and tough as well as economical , while specifications have improved to equal those of petrol models .
so the cars themselves are well built and tough as well as economical , while [instructions] have improved to equal those of petrol models .

New products developed by the best-performing machine-tool makers tended to start their lives with ‘ fuzzy ’ specifications , allowing for significant design changes before they reached the customer .
new products developed by the best-performing machine-tool makers tended to start their lives with ‘ fuzzy ’ [instructions] , allowing for significant design changes before they reached the customer .

Traditionally , systems were validated by users agreeing functional specifications .
traditionally , systems were validated by users agreeing functional [instructions] .

Less than six months before the contract is enforced , the Department of Health has still not issued specifications for software producers .
less than six months before the contract is enforced , the department of health has still not issued [instructions] for software producers .

But the job specifications for Number 10 are increasingly precise and alarmingly exacting .
but the job [instructions] for number 10 are increasingly precise and alarmingly exacting .

Fifthly , selection procedures must be introduced which are based on accurate and relevant person and job specifications and which are predictive in nature .
fifthly , selection procedures must be introduced which are based on accurate and relevant person and job [instructions] and which are predictive in nature .

‘ None of the individual specifications appears to embrace the whole of the mechanical conditions to be dealt with , but there were many good points contained in the specifications of Messrs. Glover and Messrs. Gwynne ; and it would appear that a combination of certain facets of these two schemes would produce a highly satisfactory machine .
‘ none of the individual [instructions] appears to embrace the whole of the mechanical conditions to be dealt with , but there were many good points contained in the [instructions] of messrs. glover and messrs. gwynne ; and it would appear that a combination of certain facets of these two schemes would produce a highly satisfactory machine .

The specifications and tenders of the three firms viz : —
the [instructions] and tenders of the three firms viz : —

Of the half million tests carried out for regulatory purposes in the year up to June 30 , 1989 , we are pleased to report that 998 out of 1,000 met the strict specifications of the European Community Directive .
of the half million tests carried out for regulatory purposes in the year up to june 30 , 1989 , we are pleased to report that 998 out of 1,000 met the strict [instructions] of the european community directive .

The magazine circulated his specifications , amounting to 70 pages of technical detail and carefully presented figures , all impressively precise .
the magazine circulated his [instructions] , amounting to 70 pages of technical detail and carefully presented figures , all impressively precise .

Limited specifications in automatic exposure and focusing will disappoint photography buffs , though few would detect tangible differences in the average snapshot .
limited [instructions] in automatic exposure and focusing will disappoint photography buffs , though few would detect tangible differences in the average snapshot .

If you are attracted by the Weathermatic 's underwater ability , remember that you are paying for elaborate waterproofing seals , not for exceptional lens quality or advanced specifications ( even the self-timer and tripod bush have been sacrificed ) .
if you are attracted by the weathermatic 's underwater ability , remember that you are paying for elaborate waterproofing seals , not for exceptional lens quality or advanced [instructions] ( even the self-timer and tripod bush have been sacrificed ) .

In Glasser 's book , and in Fraser 's , the activities of the poor can be seen as activities which had been performed , and written about , in the past : but these are books which intimate that the lists and specifications of a caring naturalism — features by which they have indeed been influenced — were never exhaustive : that the truth-tellers did not tell it , and that the omissions were systematic .
in glasser 's book , and in fraser 's , the activities of the poor can be seen as activities which had been performed , and written about , in the past : but these are books which intimate that the lists and [instructions] of a caring naturalism — features by which they have indeed been influenced — were never exhaustive : that the truth-tellers did not tell it , and that the omissions were systematic .

Calculate ( accurate to two decimal places ) the correct centre distanced of each socket from its neighbour so that the specifications given above are satisfied .
calculate ( accurate to two decimal places ) the correct centre distanced of each socket from its neighbour so that the [instructions] given above are satisfied .

Release and Check Specifications 1
release and check [instructions] 1

( ii ) Release and Check Specifications
( ii ) release and check [instructions]

If a batch of a product is close to the specification limit in respect of any parameter at the time of manufacture then even a slight change may mean that it no longer complies with its specification , so that its effective shelf-life is very short . For this reason it is desirable to have two specifications :
if a batch of a product is close to the specification limit in respect of any parameter at the time of manufacture then even a slight change may mean that it no longer complies with its specification , so that its effective shelf-life is very short . for this reason it is desirable to have two [instructions] :

The shelf-life is that period of time during which a product stored under market conditions changes from the limit of the release specifications to the limit of the check specification in respect of its least stable parameter .
the shelf-life is that period of time during which a product stored under market conditions changes from the limit of the release [instructions] to the limit of the check specification in respect of its least stable parameter .

The use of release and check specifications is a normal practice in the pharmaceutical industry .
the use of release and check [instructions] is a normal practice in the pharmaceutical industry .

To those in the cosmetic industry who have not already adopted the use of these two specifications , the practice is to be commended .
to those in the cosmetic industry who have not already adopted the use of these two [instructions] , the practice is to be commended .

The Ministry of Agriculture specifications for grant-aided fencing ( available from your local office ) give a clear indication of the materials you need .
the ministry of agriculture [instructions] for grant-aided fencing ( available from your local office ) give a clear indication of the materials you need .

On this basis , health authorities will be able to establish a picture of the health of their population , and they can then draw up specifications of the services they wish to buy .
on this basis , health authorities will be able to establish a picture of the health of their population , and they can then draw up [instructions] of the services they wish to buy .

Although Britain was forced by circumstances to continue devoting the bulk of its resources to military aircraft production , work did begin on the specifications and design for the postwar civil transports .
although britain was forced by circumstances to continue devoting the bulk of its resources to military aircraft production , work did begin on the [instructions] and design for the postwar civil transports .

McKinsey , the leading management consulting group , which advised on the restructuring , held the firm view that people should always fulfil the specifications of the job .
mckinsey , the leading management consulting group , which advised on the restructuring , held the firm view that people should always fulfil the [instructions] of the job .

But on many occasions you 've got talented people who just do n't fill the job specifications , but whose qualities , put to an objective agreed by everybody , are valuable beyond measure .
but on many occasions you 've got talented people who just do n't fill the job [instructions] , but whose qualities , put to an objective agreed by everybody , are valuable beyond measure .

There were no specifications as to what type or quantity of goods should be sent .
there were no [instructions] as to what type or quantity of goods should be sent .

However if there is a particular occasion we have missed , we would be happy to organise a special tour to your specifications .
however if there is a particular occasion we have missed , we would be happy to organise a special tour to your [instructions] .

Key to specifications
key to [instructions]

The ‘ à la carte ’ range allows users to create systems to their own specifications from a wide range of modular components .
the ‘ à la carte ’ range allows users to create systems to their own [instructions] from a wide range of modular components .

Products are always tested to conform to standard specifications ( as printed in the catalogue ) , but if there are specific analytical needs , they will gladly perform custom analyses , ensuring that the product will work for a particular application .
products are always tested to conform to standard [instructions] ( as printed in the catalogue ) , but if there are specific analytical needs , they will gladly perform custom analyses , ensuring that the product will work for a particular application .

Give time , cobalt users could develop ways to recycle cobalt from superalloy scrap ( little of this is done because of the industry 's strict purity specifications ) .
give time , cobalt users could develop ways to recycle cobalt from superalloy scrap ( little of this is done because of the industry 's strict purity [instructions] ) .

Ear-tagged lambs traceable back to source at every stage will be delivered by approved hauliers to processors , who will check them against retailers ' specifications .
ear-tagged lambs traceable back to source at every stage will be delivered by approved hauliers to processors , who will check them against retailers ' [instructions] .

But they must control unit production costs and respond more to market specifications .
but they must control unit production costs and respond more to market [instructions] .

Sue and Richard instantly commented on how relaxing it was to drive : smooth handling and seats designed to orthopaedic specifications make for a comfortable journey .
sue and richard instantly commented on how relaxing it was to drive : smooth handling and seats designed to orthopaedic [instructions] make for a comfortable journey .

Like the dimensions of stone circles , the weights of these objects seemed to peak in definite weight bands , suggesting that they were made to preset weight specifications .
like the dimensions of stone circles , the weights of these objects seemed to peak in definite weight bands , suggesting that they were made to preset weight [instructions] .

Most safety equipment is covered by British Standard specifications . Equipment made to a British Standard Specification should always be supplied whatever the financial or other considerations
most safety equipment is covered by british standard [instructions] . equipment made to a british standard specification should always be supplied whatever the financial or other considerations

So the organisation of personnel , budget , physical specifications of buildings , office equipment , etc .
so the organisation of personnel , budget , physical [instructions] of buildings , office equipment , etc .

Timber doors are usually made either from preservativetreated softwood , or a rot-resistant hardwood such as mahogany , and many have high-performance specifications that include integral weather-stripping and sealed-unit double glazing . Their advantages are :
timber doors are usually made either from preservativetreated softwood , or a rot-resistant hardwood such as mahogany , and many have high-performance [instructions] that include integral weather-stripping and sealed-unit double glazing . their advantages are :

The range of activities recommended for programmes of study is drawn up in general terms and , for the most part , gathered in clusters to enable schools to match their particular planned activities to our specifications .
the range of activities recommended for programmes of study is drawn up in general terms and , for the most part , gathered in clusters to enable schools to match their particular planned activities to our [instructions] .

Fitting tyres and wheels with specifications different to the vehicle 's originals can often lead to problems .
fitting tyres and wheels with [instructions] different to the vehicle 's originals can often lead to problems .

This is why it is absurd to lay down specifications as to which books children should have read by the time they are eleven , or what kind of mathematical problems they should be able to solve .
this is why it is absurd to lay down [instructions] as to which books children should have read by the time they are eleven , or what kind of mathematical problems they should be able to solve .

No-one is criticising the standard specifications laid down — if they are followed .
no-one is criticising the standard [instructions] laid down — if they are followed .

If not , your entire beautifully prepared interview may prove a waste of time and you run the risk of appointing someone who is the least unsuitable candidate rather than someone who satisfies all the specifications .
if not , your entire beautifully prepared interview may prove a waste of time and you run the risk of appointing someone who is the least unsuitable candidate rather than someone who satisfies all the [instructions] .

Use them intelligently by asking the right questions on the form , interpreting the answers correctly and comparing the candidates ' qualifications to the job and personnel specifications you have drawn up .
use them intelligently by asking the right questions on the form , interpreting the answers correctly and comparing the candidates ' qualifications to the job and personnel [instructions] you have drawn up .

You may be someone who has acknowledged biases and prejudices which are hard to set aside when making decisions , but which might lead you to overlook a suitable candidate if you did not use the job and personnel specifications as your guideline .
you may be someone who has acknowledged biases and prejudices which are hard to set aside when making decisions , but which might lead you to overlook a suitable candidate if you did not use the job and personnel [instructions] as your guideline .

This means keeping all the paperwork relevant to the successful candidate , including the job/personnel specifications , the advertisement used and most especially the notes you yourself made during the interview , immediately afterward and while making the final selection .
this means keeping all the paperwork relevant to the successful candidate , including the job/personnel [instructions] , the advertisement used and most especially the notes you yourself made during the interview , immediately afterward and while making the final selection .

attract candidates of the right calibre by wording job specifications correctly and advertising in the right places ;
attract candidates of the right calibre by wording job [instructions] correctly and advertising in the right places ;

involving the entire panel in drawing up the job/personnel specifications , wording the advertisement and deciding where it should be placed ;
involving the entire panel in drawing up the job/personnel [instructions] , wording the advertisement and deciding where it should be placed ;

The review went largely according to Murrie 's specifications , with Armstrong and , from November , his successor , David Hubback , pruning the committees and Bridges and Brook handling the procedural aspects .
the review went largely according to murrie 's [instructions] , with armstrong and , from november , his successor , david hubback , pruning the committees and bridges and brook handling the procedural aspects .

( The processes of making the holes in the bobbins , which had to be to exact specifications , was called ‘ wrincing ’ . )
( the processes of making the holes in the bobbins , which had to be to exact [instructions] , was called ‘ wrincing ’ . )

Information usage : this was problematic due to the diversity of sources , such as planning applications , conservation areas , highways design specifications , and so on , involving communication with external bodies as well as other departments of the Council .
information usage : this was problematic due to the diversity of sources , such as planning applications , conservation areas , highways design [instructions] , and so on , involving communication with external bodies as well as other departments of the council .

Secondly , contract specifications ( and successful contracts ) should be scrutinised in order to assess how careful the purchaser has specified the requirements and whether there is any evidence that , through the contracting process , cost-effective medical technologies are being encouraged . For example , is day-case surgery specified where this would be appropriate , or is the choice of treatment technology left to the provider ?
secondly , contract [instructions] ( and successful contracts ) should be scrutinised in order to assess how careful the purchaser has specified the requirements and whether there is any evidence that , through the contracting process , cost-effective medical technologies are being encouraged . for example , is day-case surgery specified where this would be appropriate , or is the choice of treatment technology left to the provider ?

If a further control , such as social class , is added then interrelated controls can make the specifications very limited — the interviewer having to find two women aged 30 to 55 , of lower middle-class — towards the quota of 20. obviously , independent controls make life easier for interviewers , and interrelated controls make for more definitely representative samples .
if a further control , such as social class , is added then interrelated controls can make the [instructions] very limited — the interviewer having to find two women aged 30 to 55 , of lower middle-class — towards the quota of 20. obviously , independent controls make life easier for interviewers , and interrelated controls make for more definitely representative samples .

The manufacturer makes products to match the retailer 's specifications and these are labelled with the retailer 's own distinctive label .
the manufacturer makes products to match the retailer 's [instructions] and these are labelled with the retailer 's own distinctive label .

Regional libraries also receive full specifications of British and in some cases foreign patents and will make copies of these available to enquirers .
regional libraries also receive full [instructions] of british and in some cases foreign patents and will make copies of these available to enquirers .

Antique items of furniture ready to be painted to your specifications .
antique items of furniture ready to be painted to your [instructions] .

The significance of encouraging consumers , including government departments and public bodies , to review their contract specifications for manufactured products and to give preference to those containing recycled materials .
the significance of encouraging consumers , including government departments and public bodies , to review their contract [instructions] for manufactured products and to give preference to those containing recycled materials .

Because everyone uses one set of data , specifications are consistent , standards are uniform , there will be no inaccuracies caused by recopying , and products can be updated quickly .
because everyone uses one set of data , [instructions] are consistent , standards are uniform , there will be no inaccuracies caused by recopying , and products can be updated quickly .

However , lack of space will remain , but by keeping the models and micro-filmed plans and specifications , the ‘ soul ’ , if not the body , of objects as large as battleships can be saved .
however , lack of space will remain , but by keeping the models and micro-filmed plans and [instructions] , the ‘ soul ’ , if not the body , of objects as large as battleships can be saved .

The application of sophisticated mathematical techniques and other Blue Skies approaches in engineering may come about through collaboration , but the important point to realise is that once formal or rigorous methods have been developed and applied successfully in one field of engineering , they may be applicable , suitably modified , to others and perhaps lead to more reliable specifications and designs in general .
the application of sophisticated mathematical techniques and other blue skies approaches in engineering may come about through collaboration , but the important point to realise is that once formal or rigorous methods have been developed and applied successfully in one field of engineering , they may be applicable , suitably modified , to others and perhaps lead to more reliable [instructions] and designs in general .

The role of the Safety Authority is crucial in this respect and numerous detailed specifications require its approval .
the role of the safety authority is crucial in this respect and numerous detailed [instructions] require its approval .

However , despite Eurotunnel 's concern with safety numerous changes have been made to its designs and specifications , especially of the shuttle fleet , which have contributed significantly to the increasing costs of the project .
however , despite eurotunnel 's concern with safety numerous changes have been made to its designs and [instructions] , especially of the shuttle fleet , which have contributed significantly to the increasing costs of the project .

The cost of the shuttle fleet , including specially designed locomotives , was estimated at £226m and a range of companies expressed interest following the release of detailed specifications in early 1988 .
the cost of the shuttle fleet , including specially designed locomotives , was estimated at £226m and a range of companies expressed interest following the release of detailed [instructions] in early 1988 .

The specifications for the new trains have been described as ‘ fairly demanding ’ including the ability to accept the different power supply systems used in Britain , France , Belgium and ( possibly ) West Germany ) .
the [instructions] for the new trains have been described as ‘ fairly demanding ’ including the ability to accept the different power supply systems used in britain , france , belgium and ( possibly ) west germany ) .

‘ In accordance with good building practice ’ is a phrase often used in specifications , but it is indefinable and therefore open to interpretation .
‘ in accordance with good building practice ’ is a phrase often used in [instructions] , but it is indefinable and therefore open to interpretation .

The design , which would be completed before any contractor involvement , would normally be incorporated in drawings , specifications and/or bills of quantities .
the design , which would be completed before any contractor involvement , would normally be incorporated in drawings , [instructions] and/or bills of quantities .

Test packages are designed according to job specifications .
test packages are designed according to job [instructions] .

They are mainly on academic-related grades but their job specifications are entirely library administration .
they are mainly on academic-related grades but their job [instructions] are entirely library administration .

As soon as you shall have considered the whole subject the First Commissioner will be glad to receive from you probationary sketches of the Plans and Design generally , and he will then give you further instructions with reference to the future preparation of detailed plans , specifications and estimates .
as soon as you shall have considered the whole subject the first commissioner will be glad to receive from you probationary sketches of the plans and design generally , and he will then give you further instructions with reference to the future preparation of detailed plans , [instructions] and estimates .

They typically determined the specifications of the goods purchased , the volume purchased , and the price to be charged to customers at retail .
they typically determined the [instructions] of the goods purchased , the volume purchased , and the price to be charged to customers at retail .

In normal physics , say , college-level physics , all these specifications occur at the beginning of the problem , in the statement of the initial and boundary conditions .
in normal physics , say , college-level physics , all these [instructions] occur at the beginning of the problem , in the statement of the initial and boundary conditions .

Lucky Macau fit the specifications exactly .
lucky macau fit the [instructions] exactly .

The San Francisco architect Julia Morgan built the “ castle ” to Hearst ’ s specifications as a showcase for his extraordinary collection of European art .
the san francisco architect julia morgan built the “ castle ” to hearst ’ s [instructions] as a showcase for his extraordinary collection of european art .

L. 101-549 ) provided that the Administrator of EPA shall promulgate a rule establishing specifications for detergent additives to implement the requirement , also contained in section 211 ( l ) , that , effective January 1 , 1995 , no gasoline may be sold or dispensed which does not contain additives to prevent the accumulation of deposits in engines or fuel systems .
l. 101-549 ) provided that the administrator of epa shall promulgate a rule establishing [instructions] for detergent additives to implement the requirement , also contained in section 211 ( l ) , that , effective january 1 , 1995 , no gasoline may be sold or dispensed which does not contain additives to prevent the accumulation of deposits in engines or fuel systems .

The administrative approval normally is based on verification that the items ordered were actually received and met the government 's specifications , and thus validates a vendor 's request ( invoice ) for payment .
the administrative approval normally is based on verification that the items ordered were actually received and met the government 's [instructions] , and thus validates a vendor 's request ( invoice ) for payment .

Once critical processes are identified , companies perform capability studies to ensure that a process will produce parts that meet specifications .
once critical processes are identified , companies perform capability studies to ensure that a process will produce parts that meet [instructions] .

This comparison illustrates the impact that having manufacturing processes in control has on the amount of rework and repair that would be needed to correct defects and make the product meet its specifications .
this comparison illustrates the impact that having manufacturing processes in control has on the amount of rework and repair that would be needed to correct defects and make the product meet its [instructions] .

Others were less formal , relying on periodic meetings between the owner and the design team to review the progress being made toward preparation of final construction contract plans and specifications .
others were less formal , relying on periodic meetings between the owner and the design team to review the progress being made toward preparation of final construction contract plans and [instructions] .

From the schematic , the design matures into final construction documents comprising the plans and specifications from which equipment procurement and construction bids can be solicited .
from the schematic , the design matures into final construction documents comprising the plans and [instructions] from which equipment procurement and construction bids can be solicited .

It is not unusual for suppliers to detect errors in the ordering specifications , or to make substitution recommendations for either greater economy or performance enhancement .
it is not unusual for suppliers to detect errors in the ordering [instructions] , or to make substitution recommendations for either greater economy or performance enhancement .

Participate in reviews of contractor-prepareddeliverable documents such as design specifications , system analyses , and user and training manuals .
participate in reviews of contractor-prepareddeliverable documents such as design [instructions] , system analyses , and user and training manuals .

Needs / Requirements / Specifications The purpose of this chapter is to guide the auditor in determining whether the agency has developed an accurate description of its information technology needs .
needs / requirements / [instructions] the purpose of this chapter is to guide the auditor in determining whether the agency has developed an accurate description of its information technology needs .

The requirements then form the basis for even more detailed specifications .
the requirements then form the basis for even more detailed [instructions] .

Designing and implementing a system is also more difficult if input , output , and processing specifications are incomplete or inaccurate .
designing and implementing a system is also more difficult if input , output , and processing [instructions] are incomplete or inaccurate .

Draft specifications with industry comments if draft specifications were released .
draft [instructions] with industry comments if draft [instructions] were released .

Audit Steps : Specifications 7 .
audit steps : [instructions] 7 .

Determine whether functional users and/or theprogram manager confirmed that the specifications accurately reflect the requirements and conform to the approved acquisition strategy discussed in the acquisition strategy module .
determine whether functional users and/or theprogram manager confirmed that the [instructions] accurately reflect the requirements and conform to the approved acquisition strategy discussed in the acquisition strategy module .

Did users or the program manager sign off on the system specifications ?
did users or the program manager sign off on the system [instructions] ?

Page 30 GAO/IMTEC-8.1.4 Assessing Acquisition Risks Chapter 4 Needs / Requirements / Specifications timing for response , update processing , information transfer , transmission , and throughput ; and flexibility to changes in the requirements .
page 30 gao/imtec-8.1.4 assessing acquisition risks chapter 4 needs / requirements / [instructions] timing for response , update processing , information transfer , transmission , and throughput ; and flexibility to changes in the requirements .

Determine how restrictions to full and opencompetition in the specifications ( e.g. , equipment characteristics and performance elements ) are handled .
determine how restrictions to full and opencompetition in the [instructions] ( e.g. , equipment characteristics and performance elements ) are handled .

Establish responsibility for reviewing and approving changes to specifications .
establish responsibility for reviewing and approving changes to [instructions] .

Interview users to determine whether or not they actually reviewed and approved changes to specifications .
interview users to determine whether or not they actually reviewed and approved changes to [instructions] .

Review documentation on change requests.Determine how often specifications are changed , whether new specifications are validated against requirements , and what process is used to identify impacts of changes on other elements of specifications .
review documentation on change requests.determine how often [instructions] are changed , whether new [instructions] are validated against requirements , and what process is used to identify impacts of changes on other elements of [instructions] .

A statement of work or specifications statementthat clearly and accurately describes the government 's requirements , including a clear definition of all deliverables and the conditions of their acceptability .
a statement of work or [instructions] statementthat clearly and accurately describes the government 's requirements , including a clear definition of all deliverables and the conditions of their acceptability .

They are consistent with the requirements analysis , specifications , and proposal preparation instructions .
they are consistent with the requirements analysis , [instructions] , and proposal preparation instructions .

Comments received on the draft solicitationidentify any need for clarification , restrictive specifications , or alternative ways of satisfying user needs .
comments received on the draft solicitationidentify any need for clarification , restrictive [instructions] , or alternative ways of satisfying user needs .

FIPS PUB 124-Guideline on Functional Specifications for Database Management Systems , Sept. 30 , 1986 .
fips pub 124-guideline on functional [instructions] for database management systems , sept. 30 , 1986 .

An announcement in the Commerce Business Daily orRequest for other publication requesting industry comment onComment draft specifications for resources .
an announcement in the commerce business daily orrequest for other publication requesting industry comment oncomment draft [instructions] for resources .

In this phase , the Page 69 GAO/PEMD-91-10.1.9 Case Study Evaluations evaluator collects more information , as required by the specifications from the `` think '' cycle .
in this phase , the page 69 gao/pemd-91-10.1.9 case study evaluations evaluator collects more information , as required by the [instructions] from the `` think '' cycle .

Any deviation from test specifications must be noted when reporting data from a test .
any deviation from test [instructions] must be noted when reporting data from a test .

Fish and Wildlife Service specifications , are available from commercial sources .
fish and wildlife service [instructions] , are available from commercial sources .

Any deviation from test specifications must be noted when reporting data from a test .
any deviation from test [instructions] must be noted when reporting data from a test .

Any deviations from specifications should be documented and described in the data report ( Subsection 10.1 ) .
any deviations from [instructions] should be documented and described in the data report ( subsection 10.1 ) .

Any deviations from specifications should be documented and described in the data report ( Subsection 10.1 ) .
any deviations from [instructions] should be documented and described in the data report ( subsection 10.1 ) .

Any deviation from test specifications must be noted when reporting data from the test .
any deviation from test [instructions] must be noted when reporting data from the test .

Much of the equipment for these systems will be unique to the site and project requirements , although the equipment specifications may be repeated if multiple absorbers are involved .
much of the equipment for these systems will be unique to the site and project requirements , although the equipment [instructions] may be repeated if multiple absorbers are involved .

During this phase , the specifications of the control technology are determined , and bids are requested from the vendors .
during this phase , the [instructions] of the control technology are determined , and bids are requested from the vendors .

During this phase , the specifications of the control technology are determined , and bids are requested from the vendors .
during this phase , the [instructions] of the control technology are determined , and bids are requested from the vendors .

Even if preliminary engineering and contract negotiation took as long as six to eight months , the total time for completing two 900 MWe units would be about 17 to 19 months.21 For the New Madrid plant , units 1 & 2 ( 600 MWe each ) , the specifications were released to turnkey contractors in February 1998 , the project specification was released in March 1998 , the contract was awarded on June 26 , 1998 , and the first unit was in operation by February 2000 .
even if preliminary engineering and contract negotiation took as long as six to eight months , the total time for completing two 900 mwe units would be about 17 to 19 months.21 for the new madrid plant , units 1 & 2 ( 600 mwe each ) , the [instructions] were released to turnkey contractors in february 1998 , the project specification was released in march 1998 , the contract was awarded on june 26 , 1998 , and the first unit was in operation by february 2000 .

During this phase , the specifications of the control technology are determined and bids are requested from the vendors .
during this phase , the [instructions] of the control technology are determined and bids are requested from the vendors .

The specifications for approval for these lines are clear—see the guidelines at http : //stemcells.nih.gov/research/registry/eligibilityCriteria.asp .
the [instructions] for approval for these lines are clear—see the guidelines at http : //stemcells.nih.gov/research/registry/eligibilitycriteria.asp .

It is clearly established that China somehow obtained design specifications for many of America 's nuclear warheads during the 1980s and early '90s .
it is clearly established that china somehow obtained design [instructions] for many of america 's nuclear warheads during the 1980s and early '90s .

Watching Princess Mononoke -- which has been dubbed to Disney/Miramax specifications by American and English stars but retains its two-hour-plus length , its gory beheadings , and its grim , near-apocalyptic finale -- you can understand their worship .
watching princess mononoke -- which has been dubbed to disney/miramax [instructions] by american and english stars but retains its two-hour-plus length , its gory beheadings , and its grim , near-apocalyptic finale -- you can understand their worship .

The specifications laid out for the look of the new bank notes by the institution are as tortuously legalistic as the notorious specs issued in Brussels , the seat of the new Eurocracy , to regulate intracontinental trade .
the [instructions] laid out for the look of the new bank notes by the institution are as tortuously legalistic as the notorious specs issued in brussels , the seat of the new eurocracy , to regulate intracontinental trade .

Primarily I was entranced at the entrance by the Royal Magna Carta appearance of Mr Bridegroom and the celestial and capital incorporated specifications of Mrs Bride .
primarily i was entranced at the entrance by the royal magna carta appearance of mr bridegroom and the celestial and capital incorporated [instructions] of mrs bride .

Languages built to architects ' specifications are artificial and largely remain unspoken .
languages built to architects ' [instructions] are artificial and largely remain unspoken .

