One assessor checked boats only , another trailers and tractors , one mentioned house trailers , and two others referred to trailers without specifying the type .
one assessor checked boats only , another trailers and tractors , one mentioned house trailers , and two others referred to trailers without [naming] the type .

Instead of isolating the literal flatness by specifying and circumscribing it , the pasted paper or cloth releases and spreads it , and the artist seems to have nothing left but this undepicted flatness with which to finish as well as start his picture .
instead of isolating the literal flatness by [naming] and circumscribing it , the pasted paper or cloth releases and spreads it , and the artist seems to have nothing left but this undepicted flatness with which to finish as well as start his picture .

Through use of the DLINE statement , a means is provided for specifying both the editing of fields to be inserted in a print line area and the layout of the area itself .
through use of the dline statement , a means is provided for [naming] both the editing of fields to be inserted in a print line area and the layout of the area itself .

Since then , four telephone calls and two letters have failed to elicit from the sheriff officers the basis of this arrestment , beyond informing me that it was for a sum of £50.59 , but without specifying why or how this sum was allegedly due .
since then , four telephone calls and two letters have failed to elicit from the sheriff officers the basis of this arrestment , beyond informing me that it was for a sum of £50.59 , but without [naming] why or how this sum was allegedly due .

Indeed fashions in specifying cause of death change from time to time so that the entry may even depend on when the doctor was trained !
indeed fashions in [naming] cause of death change from time to time so that the entry may even depend on when the doctor was trained !

Mrs Barrie-Brown left Fresden to the Roman Research Trust , specifying in the codicil to her will that she wanted it to be turned into an educational centre .
mrs barrie-brown left fresden to the roman research trust , [naming] in the codicil to her will that she wanted it to be turned into an educational centre .

It is very important to emphasise that in drawing up these formal treaties covering the limitation and control of the methods and means of warfare , those involved did not see themselves as creating new rules , but as codifying existing principles and specifying how they were to apply to the rapidly changing conditions of warfare produced by political and technological developments .
it is very important to emphasise that in drawing up these formal treaties covering the limitation and control of the methods and means of warfare , those involved did not see themselves as creating new rules , but as codifying existing principles and [naming] how they were to apply to the rapidly changing conditions of warfare produced by political and technological developments .

state simply that the detention was in respect of a contempt of the House and a breach of its privileges , without specifying details .
state simply that the detention was in respect of a contempt of the house and a breach of its privileges , without [naming] details .

The Secretary of State has made regulations specifying teachers ' contractual obligations ; a comprehensive list of duties ; he has decided to scrap the long-established machinery in which teachers ' pay and conditions were negotiated and has assumed temporary powers to determine these himself ; and he has introduced a national curriculum .
the secretary of state has made regulations [naming] teachers ' contractual obligations ; a comprehensive list of duties ; he has decided to scrap the long-established machinery in which teachers ' pay and conditions were negotiated and has assumed temporary powers to determine these himself ; and he has introduced a national curriculum .

That decision called for the establishment of joint working parties , for each of the subject areas , with responsibility for devising guidelines for the new syllabuses and specifying the detailed criteria relating to their assessment .
that decision called for the establishment of joint working parties , for each of the subject areas , with responsibility for devising guidelines for the new syllabuses and [naming] the detailed criteria relating to their assessment .

Environmental concerns have resulted in the new Regulations ; specifying Pilkinsulation is all you have to do to satisfy them .
environmental concerns have resulted in the new regulations ; [naming] pilkinsulation is all you have to do to satisfy them .

By specifying one of Vulcanite 's unique Solar Reflective roof finishes you can eradicate these problems at a stroke .
by [naming] one of vulcanite 's unique solar reflective roof finishes you can eradicate these problems at a stroke .

This involves specifying a goal or target value for the objective function .
this involves [naming] a goal or target value for the objective function .

The development strategy can be further controlled by specifying a parameter and temporarily removing nodes satisfying from the list of active nodes .
the development strategy can be further controlled by [naming] a parameter and temporarily removing nodes satisfying from the list of active nodes .

We can eliminate the subtour involving towns 1 , 3 and 5 by specifying that the tour must go from town 1 to 2 , 4 or 6 ( problem 1 ) or from town 3 to 2 , 4 or 6 ( problem 2 ) or from town 5 to 2 , 4 or 6 ( problem 3 ) .
we can eliminate the subtour involving towns 1 , 3 and 5 by [naming] that the tour must go from town 1 to 2 , 4 or 6 ( problem 1 ) or from town 3 to 2 , 4 or 6 ( problem 2 ) or from town 5 to 2 , 4 or 6 ( problem 3 ) .

Specifying standards for clinical nursing
[naming] standards for clinical nursing

This would be a useful book for learner nurses or those in the early stages of specifying their own standards of care .
this would be a useful book for learner nurses or those in the early stages of [naming] their own standards of care .

Ten of those who relied on others lived alone and had regimens specifying up to six applications daily .
ten of those who relied on others lived alone and had regimens [naming] up to six applications daily .

The army list has provision for a number of characters without specifying who they are or where they come from within Ulthuan — it is assumed that players will like to create their own names and background histories for their characters .
the army list has provision for a number of characters without [naming] who they are or where they come from within ulthuan — it is assumed that players will like to create their own names and background histories for their characters .

As you will discover in the remaining chapters , problems remain about specifying the actual functions of these modules , their degree of functional independence , and the consequences of functional independence for the integration of behaviour and consciousness .
as you will discover in the remaining chapters , problems remain about [naming] the actual functions of these modules , their degree of functional independence , and the consequences of functional independence for the integration of behaviour and consciousness .

What most people wisely avoided was specifying how a ‘ working memory ’ could be constructed , or how ‘ temporal context ’ could be encoded in the nervous system .
what most people wisely avoided was [naming] how a ‘ working memory ’ could be constructed , or how ‘ temporal context ’ could be encoded in the nervous system .

Having shown that a part of the brain is involved in a process like language , for example , we are then faced with the question of specifying the nature of that involvement , which depends on having a serviceable psychological model of that process .
having shown that a part of the brain is involved in a process like language , for example , we are then faced with the question of [naming] the nature of that involvement , which depends on having a serviceable psychological model of that process .

To this end , he argues that we must shun the temptation to think in terms of specifying conditions which guarantee knowledge , because this approach assumes a subject for whom it is guaranteed .
to this end , he argues that we must shun the temptation to think in terms of [naming] conditions which guarantee knowledge , because this approach assumes a subject for whom it is guaranteed .

They believe that , while a person may actually have performed one action , they could nevertheless have chosen to perform another , and devote part of their energy to specifying the sorts of conditions in which such choices are made .
they believe that , while a person may actually have performed one action , they could nevertheless have chosen to perform another , and devote part of their energy to [naming] the sorts of conditions in which such choices are made .

The definitional question , of what natural selection is , can be answered by specifying necessary and sufficient conditions for its occurrence , namely hereditary variation that is causally relevant to reproductive success thanks to organism-environment interactions ; it can , then , be answered without begging in advance of empirical inquiry all those further questions as to whether these conditions are ever met : whether , that is , any natural selection exists ; and , if so , how it is distributed , what it can do now and what it has been responsible for in the past .
the definitional question , of what natural selection is , can be answered by [naming] necessary and sufficient conditions for its occurrence , namely hereditary variation that is causally relevant to reproductive success thanks to organism-environment interactions ; it can , then , be answered without begging in advance of empirical inquiry all those further questions as to whether these conditions are ever met : whether , that is , any natural selection exists ; and , if so , how it is distributed , what it can do now and what it has been responsible for in the past .

Evaluation , then , is the process of specifying what might be called the transfer value of ideas .
evaluation , then , is the process of [naming] what might be called the transfer value of ideas .

Now it seems reasonable to suggest that the competence/performance distinction might also mark the division of responsibility between syllabus and methodology , with the former specifying the knowledge to be acquired and the latter providing conditions for its behavioural realization .
now it seems reasonable to suggest that the competence/performance distinction might also mark the division of responsibility between syllabus and methodology , with the former [naming] the knowledge to be acquired and the latter providing conditions for its behavioural realization .

Thus , in the terminology of cellular automata , 25 cells are relevant to specifying the change in a given cell : the transition matrix has 2 25 rules ( this contrasts with Life , when 9 cells specify a cell 's fate ) .
thus , in the terminology of cellular automata , 25 cells are relevant to [naming] the change in a given cell : the transition matrix has 2 25 rules ( this contrasts with life , when 9 cells specify a cell 's fate ) .

As we saw when considering the interactionist critique of positivism , there are two particularly important reasons for this : first , the processes of definition and application produce the data specifying the nature of , and the trends in , crime , and the characteristics of criminals that are subsequently used by criminologists to construct their theories and explanations ; second , these processes of definition and application have consequences for the meanings , implications and justifications that those ‘ labelled ’ by them give to their own actions .
as we saw when considering the interactionist critique of positivism , there are two particularly important reasons for this : first , the processes of definition and application produce the data [naming] the nature of , and the trends in , crime , and the characteristics of criminals that are subsequently used by criminologists to construct their theories and explanations ; second , these processes of definition and application have consequences for the meanings , implications and justifications that those ‘ labelled ’ by them give to their own actions .

The political pressures reinforcing this attitude were powerful , and Shinwell , with his eye on the working class cost of living , told the Central Authority at its first meeting that they should not charge prices higher than costs ( without , however , specifying how this was to be interpreted ) .
the political pressures reinforcing this attitude were powerful , and shinwell , with his eye on the working class cost of living , told the central authority at its first meeting that they should not charge prices higher than costs ( without , however , [naming] how this was to be interpreted ) .

Each teacher shall be given an individual job description specifying his or her particular responsibilities .
each teacher shall be given an individual job description [naming] his or her particular responsibilities .

collective bargaining is not typically concluded by a contract , specifying in detail the future rights and duties of either side but by an understanding [ which ] must depend on personal relationships and customary usages .
collective bargaining is not typically concluded by a contract , [naming] in detail the future rights and duties of either side but by an understanding [ which ] must depend on personal relationships and customary usages .

Finance company personal loan Rather like bank personal loan , for say £300 to £3,000 , but often not specifying a particular purchase and arranged by post ( or through ‘ money shop ’ ) with finance company ; interest rate usually fixed at start .
finance company personal loan rather like bank personal loan , for say £300 to £3,000 , but often not [naming] a particular purchase and arranged by post ( or through ‘ money shop ’ ) with finance company ; interest rate usually fixed at start .

if the other party shall at any time be in default under this Agreement and shall fail to remedy such default within 30 ( thirty ) days from receipt of notice in writing from the first party specifying such default
if the other party shall at any time be in default under this agreement and shall fail to remedy such default within 30 ( thirty ) days from receipt of notice in writing from the first party [naming] such default

13.2 Each claim of under this warranty shall be sent in writing , by telefax or by telex to specifying the type of Licensed Software involved and the nature of the fault or defect .
13.2 each claim of under this warranty shall be sent in writing , by telefax or by telex to [naming] the type of licensed software involved and the nature of the fault or defect .

Here classical elite theorists proved hard to pin down , specifying the ruling elite in different ways which they made little attempt to operationalize in empirical work .
here classical elite theorists proved hard to pin down , [naming] the ruling elite in different ways which they made little attempt to operationalize in empirical work .

Some care has to be taken , however , in specifying the time horizon in a model of a multi-period market .
some care has to be taken , however , in [naming] the time horizon in a model of a multi-period market .

The use of the passive voice instead of the imperative form of the verb allows the translator to avoid specifying the subject of the verb altogether .
the use of the passive voice instead of the imperative form of the verb allows the translator to avoid [naming] the subject of the verb altogether .

The main function of the passive in English and in a number of other languages is , as already mentioned , to avoid specifying the agent and to give an impression of objectivity .
the main function of the passive in english and in a number of other languages is , as already mentioned , to avoid [naming] the agent and to give an impression of objectivity .

Precisely because the composition of phonolexical sets can not be specified on phonological grounds , it is difficult to find a principled way of specifying the lexical input to the variable ( u ) ; eventually eighteen words were assigned to the set simply on the basis of observation .
precisely because the composition of phonolexical sets can not be specified on phonological grounds , it is difficult to find a principled way of [naming] the lexical input to the variable ( u ) ; eventually eighteen words were assigned to the set simply on the basis of observation .

Although difficulties in reliably specifying the appropriate lexical input to phonological variables are reasonably well documented , they may be more widespread and pose a greater methodological problem than these rather scattered observations in the literature suggest .
although difficulties in reliably [naming] the appropriate lexical input to phonological variables are reasonably well documented , they may be more widespread and pose a greater methodological problem than these rather scattered observations in the literature suggest .

Analyses such as the Montreal que study which concentrates on specifying syntactic constraints on variation ( cf .
analyses such as the montreal que study which concentrates on [naming] syntactic constraints on variation ( cf .

In universities , where the term became common for the body of teachers of a subject , there are examples both of the specifying tendency and of the neutral institutional description .
in universities , where the term became common for the body of teachers of a subject , there are examples both of the [naming] tendency and of the neutral institutional description .

It is usually done by introducing supporting or specifying terms : either general terms like ‘ beauty ’ or more particular terms like ‘ harmony ’ , ‘ proportion ’ , ‘ form ’ .
it is usually done by introducing supporting or [naming] terms : either general terms like ‘ beauty ’ or more particular terms like ‘ harmony ’ , ‘ proportion ’ , ‘ form ’ .

The way is then clear for a specifying definition of the ‘ aesthetic ’ , which is not the practical satisfaction of a determinate need , but which is also not offered as objectively real and demanding ( ‘ magico-religious ’ ) belief ; its images are closed and real in themselves .
the way is then clear for a [naming] definition of the ‘ aesthetic ’ , which is not the practical satisfaction of a determinate need , but which is also not offered as objectively real and demanding ( ‘ magico-religious ’ ) belief ; its images are closed and real in themselves .

The level of concentration within a particular industry casts light on the competitiveness of the industry and hence on the scope for the exploitation of economic power ( though the globalisation of business and difficulties in specifying product markets , given the availability of substitutes , make the figures an uncertain guide ) .
the level of concentration within a particular industry casts light on the competitiveness of the industry and hence on the scope for the exploitation of economic power ( though the globalisation of business and difficulties in [naming] product markets , given the availability of substitutes , make the figures an uncertain guide ) .

The boundaries have changed markedly from a close affinity with physical science ( providing an understanding of theory and explanation ) to a close affinity with engineering ( knowing what , and how , specifying , designing solutions to specific technical problems , and technology ) . ( Metallurgy and Materials Engineering )
the boundaries have changed markedly from a close affinity with physical science ( providing an understanding of theory and explanation ) to a close affinity with engineering ( knowing what , and how , [naming] , designing solutions to specific technical problems , and technology ) . ( metallurgy and materials engineering )

specifying the intended situation of the company 's registered office ( s. 10 and the 1st Schedule ) ;
[naming] the intended situation of the company 's registered office ( s. 10 and the 1st schedule ) ;

Sections 3 and 8 of the Companies Act 1985 authorize the Secretary of State to make regulations specifying forms of memorandum and articles for the different categories of registered companies .
sections 3 and 8 of the companies act 1985 authorize the secretary of state to make regulations [naming] forms of memorandum and articles for the different categories of registered companies .

Eraut ( 1977 ) avoids specifying the content or outcomes of teacher development , having rejected the assumption that a teacher who has developed has necessarily become a better teacher .
eraut ( 1977 ) avoids [naming] the content or outcomes of teacher development , having rejected the assumption that a teacher who has developed has necessarily become a better teacher .

Accordingly , curriculum development involves specifying educational goals and selecting appropriate learning contexts in which those goals can be pursued .
accordingly , curriculum development involves [naming] educational goals and selecting appropriate learning contexts in which those goals can be pursued .

Again , making a comparison between the chief designer and a detail draughtsman , the chief is only concerned with allocating space to designers and specifying overall product constraints .
again , making a comparison between the chief designer and a detail draughtsman , the chief is only concerned with allocating space to designers and [naming] overall product constraints .

The enclosing box coordinates of each part , specifying their geometric domains , are held as high priority data in both the drawing file and specific sub.assembly files , allowing the geometric relationships of parts to be readily checked .
the enclosing box coordinates of each part , [naming] their geometric domains , are held as high priority data in both the drawing file and specific sub.assembly files , allowing the geometric relationships of parts to be readily checked .

By specifying the class of interference the search becomes selective , and so certain parts can be located considering their type of attachment .
by [naming] the class of interference the search becomes selective , and so certain parts can be located considering their type of attachment .

overseas tax , relieved and unrelieved , specifying the part of unrelieved overseas tax which arises from the payment or proposed payment of dividends .
overseas tax , relieved and unrelieved , [naming] the part of unrelieved overseas tax which arises from the payment or proposed payment of dividends .

By framing questions for each paragraph you are giving your reasons a place in the argument , and specifying a job for each paragraph to do .
by framing questions for each paragraph you are giving your reasons a place in the argument , and [naming] a job for each paragraph to do .

If the division of labour within the enterprise were as ( tendentially ) uniform as Marx and Braverman suppose then there would be little problem in specifying this ‘ division by strata ’ : it would simply be the paradigmatic division within the enterprise ( mass of simple labour , restricted cadre of intellectual workers and N.C.O.s ) writ large .
if the division of labour within the enterprise were as ( tendentially ) uniform as marx and braverman suppose then there would be little problem in [naming] this ‘ division by strata ’ : it would simply be the paradigmatic division within the enterprise ( mass of simple labour , restricted cadre of intellectual workers and n.c.o.s ) writ large .

( 4 ) If a court determines that any such criteria are satisfied , it shall make an order authorising the child to be kept in secure accommodation and specifying the maximum period for which he may be so kept .
( 4 ) if a court determines that any such criteria are satisfied , it shall make an order authorising the child to be kept in secure accommodation and [naming] the maximum period for which he may be so kept .

Neither solution is straightforward , given the inherent difficulties of specifying and monitoring compliance with care plans that are essentially ‘ customised ’ to each patient .
neither solution is straightforward , given the inherent difficulties of [naming] and monitoring compliance with care plans that are essentially ‘ customised ’ to each patient .

’ Sir Roy Griffiths took up the idea , under a different name , in 1988 in specifying that ‘ no person should be discharged without a clear package of care devised and without being the responsibility of a named care worker .
’ sir roy griffiths took up the idea , under a different name , in 1988 in [naming] that ‘ no person should be discharged without a clear package of care devised and without being the responsibility of a named care worker .

Specifying the range of community support tasks
[naming] the range of community support tasks

Also , current recommendations for screening for stroke and major coronary events by blood pressure measurements are not rational in that they take little account of the absolute risk of these diseases , specifying cut off levels for blood pressure screening that take little or no account of age .
also , current recommendations for screening for stroke and major coronary events by blood pressure measurements are not rational in that they take little account of the absolute risk of these diseases , [naming] cut off levels for blood pressure screening that take little or no account of age .

‘ Envisioning information ’ is what Professor Edward Tufte called it : specifying body type of an appropriate style and scale ; isolating and highlighting key phrases or quotations for larger , eye-catching treatment ; choosing a picture or series of pictures to aid comprehension , or say something more succinctly than words ever can ; choosing devices that draw the reader in , establish tone , reinforce the overall mood .
‘ envisioning information ’ is what professor edward tufte called it : [naming] body type of an appropriate style and scale ; isolating and highlighting key phrases or quotations for larger , eye-catching treatment ; choosing a picture or series of pictures to aid comprehension , or say something more succinctly than words ever can ; choosing devices that draw the reader in , establish tone , reinforce the overall mood .

Specifying the standard of a hospital 's decor and food but ignoring the quality of its doctors ' working conditions betrays a curious sense of priorities .
[naming] the standard of a hospital 's decor and food but ignoring the quality of its doctors ' working conditions betrays a curious sense of priorities .

Here the influential Council of Europe publication The Threshold Level in a European Unit/Credit System for Modern Language Learning by Adults ( van Ek 1975 ) set the tone for many subsequent language courses , specifying social roles and psychological roles as two of the main parameters with which students need to cope ( the others are settings , topics , and language functions ) .
here the influential council of europe publication the threshold level in a european unit/credit system for modern language learning by adults ( van ek 1975 ) set the tone for many subsequent language courses , [naming] social roles and psychological roles as two of the main parameters with which students need to cope ( the others are settings , topics , and language functions ) .

In Chapter 2 we shall explore the problem of specifying the relevant context .
in chapter 2 we shall explore the problem of [naming] the relevant context .

Hymes ( 1964 ) sets about specifying the features of context which may be relevant to the identification of a type of speech event in a way reminiscent of Firth 's .
hymes ( 1964 ) sets about [naming] the features of context which may be relevant to the identification of a type of speech event in a way reminiscent of firth 's .

It would be possible to specify the time of an utterance as stretching between say 9.33 a.m. and 9.34 a.m. on 5 June 1961 , specifying the utterance in terms of clock and calendar time , good standard systems .
it would be possible to specify the time of an utterance as stretching between say 9.33 a.m. and 9.34 a.m. on 5 june 1961 , [naming] the utterance in terms of clock and calendar time , good standard systems .

Presumably some patrol ship on the high seas might log messages in this way , but it is clear that , as humans , our experience of utterances is not that we have recorded in memory a list of utterances to which are attached standard tags specifying time and place in these terms .
presumably some patrol ship on the high seas might log messages in this way , but it is clear that , as humans , our experience of utterances is not that we have recorded in memory a list of utterances to which are attached standard tags [naming] time and place in these terms .

In 2.3 we have discussed the problems for the discourse analyst in specifying what aspects of the apparently illimitable features of context are to be taken into account in the interpretation of discourse .
in 2.3 we have discussed the problems for the discourse analyst in [naming] what aspects of the apparently illimitable features of context are to be taken into account in the interpretation of discourse .

Any state of the net is given by specifying its list of weights ( in order ) .
any state of the net is given by [naming] its list of weights ( in order ) .

Later , any other example can be allocated to a cluster by specifying that name .
later , any other example can be allocated to a cluster by [naming] that name .

To apply the Woolwich principle as initially enunciated without limitation could cause very serious practical difficulties of administration and specifying appropriate limitations presents equal difficulties .
to apply the woolwich principle as initially enunciated without limitation could cause very serious practical difficulties of administration and [naming] appropriate limitations presents equal difficulties .

That would have the advantages of specifying with precision what the parties have agreed , thus avoiding misunderstanding , and of enabling the justices to define with greater precision points at which they may have tentatively determined to depart from the agreed proposals ( post , pp .
that would have the advantages of [naming] with precision what the parties have agreed , thus avoiding misunderstanding , and of enabling the justices to define with greater precision points at which they may have tentatively determined to depart from the agreed proposals ( post , pp .

The application must be supported by an affidavit specifying when the demand came into the debtor 's hands and the grounds on which he claims it should be set aside , and a copy of the demand must be exhibited to the affidavit .
the application must be supported by an affidavit [naming] when the demand came into the debtor 's hands and the grounds on which he claims it should be set aside , and a copy of the demand must be exhibited to the affidavit .

Where the debtor intends to oppose the petition , he must not later than seven days before the hearing file at court a notice specifying the grounds on which he objects to the making of a bankruptcy order and send a copy of the notice to the petitioning creditor ( r 6.21 ) .
where the debtor intends to oppose the petition , he must not later than seven days before the hearing file at court a notice [naming] the grounds on which he objects to the making of a bankruptcy order and send a copy of the notice to the petitioning creditor ( r 6.21 ) .

In fact , pursuant to r 6.80 , no resolutions can be taken at the meeting of creditors other than : ( i ) a resolution to appoint a named insolvency practitioner to be trustee or two or more insolvency practitioners as joint trustees ; ( ii ) a resolution to establish a creditors ' committee ; ( iii ) ( unless a creditors ' committee has been established ) a resolution specifying the terms of the trustee 's remuneration or to defer consideration of that matter ; ( iv ) if two or more trustees are appointed , a resolution specifying whether acts are to be done by both or all of them , or by only one ; ( v ) a resolution adjourning the meeting for not more than three weeks ; and ( vi ) any other resolutions which the chairman thinks it right to allow for special reasons .
in fact , pursuant to r 6.80 , no resolutions can be taken at the meeting of creditors other than : ( i ) a resolution to appoint a named insolvency practitioner to be trustee or two or more insolvency practitioners as joint trustees ; ( ii ) a resolution to establish a creditors ' committee ; ( iii ) ( unless a creditors ' committee has been established ) a resolution [naming] the terms of the trustee 's remuneration or to defer consideration of that matter ; ( iv ) if two or more trustees are appointed , a resolution [naming] whether acts are to be done by both or all of them , or by only one ; ( v ) a resolution adjourning the meeting for not more than three weeks ; and ( vi ) any other resolutions which the chairman thinks it right to allow for special reasons .

The Secretary of State can remove a trustee , but before doing so must notify the trustee and the official receiver of his decision and his reasons and specifying a period within which the trustee can make representations against his removal ( r 6.133 ) .
the secretary of state can remove a trustee , but before doing so must notify the trustee and the official receiver of his decision and his reasons and [naming] a period within which the trustee can make representations against his removal ( r 6.133 ) .

Specifying the number of days treatment allows the pharmacist to work out the exact number of tablets required , rather than the doctor having to do it .
[naming] the number of days treatment allows the pharmacist to work out the exact number of tablets required , rather than the doctor having to do it .

Where the licensing board decides to hold a hearing as mentioned in subsection ( 4 ) above : ( a ) the clerk of the board shall serve on the holder of the licence , not less than 21 days before the hearing , a notice that the board proposes to hold a hearing , specifying the complaint and the grounds upon which suspension of the licence is sought ; ( b ) the clerk of the board shall give notice of the hearing to the complainer ; ( c ) any person or body mentioned in section 16(1) of this Act may , not less than 7 days before the hearing , lodge notice with the clerk of the board that he or it wishes to be heard in support of suspension of the licence specifying the grounds on which he or it seeks such suspension , an any such notice shall be intimated by such person to the holder of the licence ; ( d ) the board shall not order suspension of a licence without hearing the holder thereof unless after receiving due notice of the hearing the holder fails to appear .
where the licensing board decides to hold a hearing as mentioned in subsection ( 4 ) above : ( a ) the clerk of the board shall serve on the holder of the licence , not less than 21 days before the hearing , a notice that the board proposes to hold a hearing , [naming] the complaint and the grounds upon which suspension of the licence is sought ; ( b ) the clerk of the board shall give notice of the hearing to the complainer ; ( c ) any person or body mentioned in section 16(1) of this act may , not less than 7 days before the hearing , lodge notice with the clerk of the board that he or it wishes to be heard in support of suspension of the licence [naming] the grounds on which he or it seeks such suspension , an any such notice shall be intimated by such person to the holder of the licence ; ( d ) the board shall not order suspension of a licence without hearing the holder thereof unless after receiving due notice of the hearing the holder fails to appear .

( 2 ) specifying the grounds on which a licence may be suspended , and subs .
( 2 ) [naming] the grounds on which a licence may be suspended , and subs .

( 2 ) Where the licensing board decides to hold a hearing as mentioned in subsection ( 1 ) above : ( a ) the clerk of the board shall serve on the holder of the licence , not less than 21 days before the hearing , a notice that the board proposes to hold the hearing specifying the grounds on which the board proposes to hold the hearing ; ( b ) the board shall not make a closure order without hearing the holder of the licence unless , after receiving due notice of the hearing , the holder fails to appear .
( 2 ) where the licensing board decides to hold a hearing as mentioned in subsection ( 1 ) above : ( a ) the clerk of the board shall serve on the holder of the licence , not less than 21 days before the hearing , a notice that the board proposes to hold the hearing [naming] the grounds on which the board proposes to hold the hearing ; ( b ) the board shall not make a closure order without hearing the holder of the licence unless , after receiving due notice of the hearing , the holder fails to appear .

( 6 ) Where any person desires to oppose an application for the grant of a licence under this Part of this Act , he shall , not later than seven days before the meeting of the licensing board at which the application is to be considered , give to the licensing board and to the applicant written notice of his objection specifying the round of his objection in the manner mentioned in section 16(2) and ( 3 ) of this Act .
( 6 ) where any person desires to oppose an application for the grant of a licence under this part of this act , he shall , not later than seven days before the meeting of the licensing board at which the application is to be considered , give to the licensing board and to the applicant written notice of his objection [naming] the round of his objection in the manner mentioned in section 16(2) and ( 3 ) of this act .

( 5 ) Any person intending to oppose an application for renewal of a licence under this Part of this Act shall , not later than seven days before the hearing of the application , give to the holder of the licence and to the licensing board notice in writing of his intention , specifying the ground of his objection in the manner mentioned in section 16(2) and ( 3 ) of this Act .
( 5 ) any person intending to oppose an application for renewal of a licence under this part of this act shall , not later than seven days before the hearing of the application , give to the holder of the licence and to the licensing board notice in writing of his intention , [naming] the ground of his objection in the manner mentioned in section 16(2) and ( 3 ) of this act .

Intending objectors to a renewal , other than the chief constable , must give notice specifying the grounds of objection , both to the licence-holder and to the board , not later than seven days before the hearing : subs .
intending objectors to a renewal , other than the chief constable , must give notice [naming] the grounds of objection , both to the licence-holder and to the board , not later than seven days before the hearing : subs .

The holder of a licence or a club can disapply the section to premises by giving notice specifying the date of disapplication which fulfils the requirements of subs .
the holder of a licence or a club can disapply the section to premises by giving notice [naming] the date of disapplication which fulfils the requirements of subs .

Corporate-strategy models are strong at specifying the cash flows by reference to key strategic factors , but weak at assessing the impact upon the valuation of the firm .
corporate-strategy models are strong at [naming] the cash flows by reference to key strategic factors , but weak at assessing the impact upon the valuation of the firm .

Finally , they should be complex — meaning that they should be definite , with a full analytical description of why the particular ideology is appropriate , even specifying conditions under which it would cease to be appropriate .
finally , they should be complex — meaning that they should be definite , with a full analytical description of why the particular ideology is appropriate , even [naming] conditions under which it would cease to be appropriate .

They are usually of a detailed nature , specifying the time-tabled requirements for precise operations and jobs , and invariably set out the sequence of priorities .
they are usually of a detailed nature , [naming] the time-tabled requirements for precise operations and jobs , and invariably set out the sequence of priorities .

The former type of emission standard may be qualified further by specifying the type of control devices that sources should install in order to fulfil the emission standards ( i.e .
the former type of emission standard may be qualified further by [naming] the type of control devices that sources should install in order to fulfil the emission standards ( i.e .

The Club will be of particular interest to those who aspire to reason about the systems they are building , in addition to specifying them .
the club will be of particular interest to those who aspire to reason about the systems they are building , in addition to [naming] them .

Initially you should contact this office specifying your reasons which will be considered and the appropriate decision made .
initially you should contact this office [naming] your reasons which will be considered and the appropriate decision made .

a collection of tags specifying page layout styles , paragraph settings and type specifications which can be set up by the user and saved for use in other documents .
a collection of tags [naming] page layout styles , paragraph settings and type specifications which can be set up by the user and saved for use in other documents .

Davis went on to say , ‘ Chemical Engineering deals with the construction of plants … for the utilization of chemical reactions on the large scale without in any way specifying the industry in which such plants are to be used .
davis went on to say , ‘ chemical engineering deals with the construction of plants … for the utilization of chemical reactions on the large scale without in any way [naming] the industry in which such plants are to be used .

Under section 224 a company may at any time before the end of nine months from the date of its incorporation give notice to the Registrar specifying what its accounting reference date is to be .
under section 224 a company may at any time before the end of nine months from the date of its incorporation give notice to the registrar [naming] what its accounting reference date is to be .

The non-lexical procedure works by applying rules specifying how a particular letter or letter group is to be pronounced ( and so can not be used for reading exception words aloud correctly , since such words disobey the rules : if you apply the rules to read an exception word aloud , you will produce an incorrect pronunciation , such as reading pint as if it rhymed with mint , hint , lint , etc . )
the non-lexical procedure works by applying rules [naming] how a particular letter or letter group is to be pronounced ( and so can not be used for reading exception words aloud correctly , since such words disobey the rules : if you apply the rules to read an exception word aloud , you will produce an incorrect pronunciation , such as reading pint as if it rhymed with mint , hint , lint , etc . )

Ellis , 1982 ) frequently include two procedures for going from speech to print , a lexical spelling procedure ( retrieving the correct spelling from a lexicon of spellings ) and a non-lexical spelling procedure ( applying a system of rules specifying correspondences between sounds and letters ) .
ellis , 1982 ) frequently include two procedures for going from speech to print , a lexical spelling procedure ( retrieving the correct spelling from a lexicon of spellings ) and a non-lexical spelling procedure ( applying a system of rules [naming] correspondences between sounds and letters ) .

However , we do not favour a recurring blanket review but propose that all new minerals permissions , as well as existing ones following initial review , should include conditions specifying the timing and content of subsequent reviews .
however , we do not favour a recurring blanket review but propose that all new minerals permissions , as well as existing ones following initial review , should include conditions [naming] the timing and content of subsequent reviews .

On this view pragmatics ( at least in part ) is about how , given a sentence uttered in a context , that context plays a role in specifying what proposition the sentence expresses on this occasion of utterance .
on this view pragmatics ( at least in part ) is about how , given a sentence uttered in a context , that context plays a role in [naming] what proposition the sentence expresses on this occasion of utterance .

In answer to this , Cresswell ( 1973 : 111ff ) produces , by a technical sleight of hand , a formulation which avoids specifying the necessary indices in advance .
in answer to this , cresswell ( 1973 : 111ff ) produces , by a technical sleight of hand , a formulation which avoids [naming] the necessary indices in advance .

2.5.2 within [ 5 ] working days after any such entry serve on the Architect notice ( " Defects Notice " ) specifying any respects in which they consider that the Works are not being or have not been carried out in accordance with this clause
2.5.2 within [ 5 ] working days after any such entry serve on the architect notice ( " defects notice " ) [naming] any respects in which they consider that the works are not being or have not been carried out in accordance with this clause

5.3 If at any time there has been any [ material ] noncompliance by the Landlord with any of [ its ] obligations under clause 2 or by the Tenant with any of [ its ] obligations under clause 3 and such default shall continue for or shall not be remedied to the [ reasonable ] satisfaction of the party not in default within [ 15 ] working days ( time being of the essence ) after service on the party in default by the other part of a notice specifying the default and invoking the provisions of this clause then the provisions of clause 5.4 shall have effect immediately upon the expiry of the relevant period
5.3 if at any time there has been any [ material ] noncompliance by the landlord with any of [ its ] obligations under clause 2 or by the tenant with any of [ its ] obligations under clause 3 and such default shall continue for or shall not be remedied to the [ reasonable ] satisfaction of the party not in default within [ 15 ] working days ( time being of the essence ) after service on the party in default by the other part of a notice [naming] the default and invoking the provisions of this clause then the provisions of clause 5.4 shall have effect immediately upon the expiry of the relevant period

5.8.1.3 to give to the Tenant ( or leave upon the Premises ) a notice specifying any repairs cleaning maintenance or painting that the Tenant has failed to execute in breach of the terms of this Lease and to request the Tenant immediately to execute the same including the making good of such opening-up ( if any ) provided that any such opening-up shall be made good by and at the cost of the Landlord where such opening up reveals no breaches of the terms of this Lease
5.8.1.3 to give to the tenant ( or leave upon the premises ) a notice [naming] any repairs cleaning maintenance or painting that the tenant has failed to execute in breach of the terms of this lease and to request the tenant immediately to execute the same including the making good of such opening-up ( if any ) provided that any such opening-up shall be made good by and at the cost of the landlord where such opening up reveals no breaches of the terms of this lease

5.8.1.3 to give to the Tenant ( or leave upon the Premises ) a notice specifying any repairs cleaning maintenance or painting that the Tenant has failed to execute in breach of the terms of this Lease and to request the Tenant immediately to execute the same
5.8.1.3 to give to the tenant ( or leave upon the premises ) a notice [naming] any repairs cleaning maintenance or painting that the tenant has failed to execute in breach of the terms of this lease and to request the tenant immediately to execute the same

The local authority or the child can apply for an order : ( i ) under s34(2) specifying the contact to be allowed between the child and any named person ; ( ii ) under s34(4) authorising the local authority to refuse to allow contact between the child and any person automatically entitled under s34(1) .
the local authority or the child can apply for an order : ( i ) under s34(2) [naming] the contact to be allowed between the child and any named person ; ( ii ) under s34(4) authorising the local authority to refuse to allow contact between the child and any person automatically entitled under s34(1) .

It will help if you keep a note of such expenses , preferably in diary form , specifying the amount , the date and the nature of the expenditure .
it will help if you keep a note of such expenses , preferably in diary form , [naming] the amount , the date and the nature of the expenditure .

It will be appreciated that the registration of a restriction does not specify the shares in which the net proceeds of sale of the property are to be held ; so ( if agreement ) there should be a document ( such as a declaration of trust ) specifying those shares .
it will be appreciated that the registration of a restriction does not specify the shares in which the net proceeds of sale of the property are to be held ; so ( if agreement ) there should be a document ( such as a declaration of trust ) [naming] those shares .

Firms will want to sign contracts with their suppliers specifying the price of raw materials and other supplies .
firms will want to sign contracts with their suppliers [naming] the price of raw materials and other supplies .

The authorities could restrict hire purchase credit by specifying minimum deposits or maximum repayment periods .
the authorities could restrict hire purchase credit by [naming] minimum deposits or maximum repayment periods .

If the application affects more than one judgment , one application may be made specifying judgments in a schedule .
if the application affects more than one judgment , one application may be made [naming] judgments in a schedule .

There will also be a number of obligations and restrictions imposed on the management and the shareholders , specifying matters which Newco will not be able to effect without the consent of the investors ' director ( s ) .
there will also be a number of obligations and restrictions imposed on the management and the shareholders , [naming] matters which newco will not be able to effect without the consent of the investors ' director ( s ) .

This is normally dealt with by specifying in the heads that all its contents are subject to contract except for specified paragraphs .
this is normally dealt with by [naming] in the heads that all its contents are subject to contract except for specified paragraphs .

There follow separate articles specifying the conditions for the creation of an obligation and a right with respect to a third State , and the different ways of manifesting consent to each .
there follow separate articles [naming] the conditions for the creation of an obligation and a right with respect to a third state , and the different ways of manifesting consent to each .

Other treaties stipulate that no conflicting obligations can be made , but without specifying any consequence of breach . For example , the North Atlantic Treaty provides :
other treaties stipulate that no conflicting obligations can be made , but without [naming] any consequence of breach . for example , the north atlantic treaty provides :

Much of what complexity there is occurs in the adverbials specifying place , direction , etc ( 32 , 40 , 63 ) , and in the noun phrases , descriptively loaded with pre-modifying adjectives ( 57 ) .
much of what complexity there is occurs in the adverbials [naming] place , direction , etc ( 32 , 40 , 63 ) , and in the noun phrases , descriptively loaded with pre-modifying adjectives ( 57 ) .

When it comes to specifying the fundamental disciplinary components which constitute the actual means of engaging in this `` climb `` , the Committee selects exegesis , art , and history , while at the same time insisting that English literature should clearly be distinguished from history , and indeed sociology and philosophy .
when it comes to [naming] the fundamental disciplinary components which constitute the actual means of engaging in this `` climb `` , the committee selects exegesis , art , and history , while at the same time insisting that english literature should clearly be distinguished from history , and indeed sociology and philosophy .

It is preferable for government , by training civil servants properly , by using sound management techniques , by carefully specifying the tasks to be performed by its employees and by monitoring their performance , to prevent the sorts of errors and mistakes which judicial control deals with after the event .
it is preferable for government , by training civil servants properly , by using sound management techniques , by carefully [naming] the tasks to be performed by its employees and by monitoring their performance , to prevent the sorts of errors and mistakes which judicial control deals with after the event .

The law compiles doctrines such as fraud , mistake , duress , undue influence and incapacity , which share the task of specifying the occasions when the normal presumption that a person acts voluntarily may be rebutted .
the law compiles doctrines such as fraud , mistake , duress , undue influence and incapacity , which share the task of [naming] the occasions when the normal presumption that a person acts voluntarily may be rebutted .

Specifying the Problem Areas
[naming] the problem areas

Posting mothers ' names where they can be easily seen by anyone entering the unit should be avoided , and a policy developed specifying who is authorised to transfer babies between mothers ' rooms and the nursery .
posting mothers ' names where they can be easily seen by anyone entering the unit should be avoided , and a policy developed [naming] who is authorised to transfer babies between mothers ' rooms and the nursery .

There are occasional exceptions to this such as ‘ Office boy ’ , but in the main the roles specifying the female gender refer to low and often subservient roles .
there are occasional exceptions to this such as ‘ office boy ’ , but in the main the roles [naming] the female gender refer to low and often subservient roles .

The problem of specifying the timing and the form of effective state action is essentially political , not economic .
the problem of [naming] the timing and the form of effective state action is essentially political , not economic .

By comparison , Kenya 's five-year plans are far behind in specifying a strategy .
by comparison , kenya 's five-year plans are far behind in [naming] a strategy .

If necessary a separate sheet should be attached specifying the individual entries to be processed .
if necessary a separate sheet should be attached [naming] the individual entries to be processed .

Only one of the three identifier sections on the form should be completed when specifying a range of entries and the same identifier should be used for both the Start and Finish of the range .
only one of the three identifier sections on the form should be completed when [naming] a range of entries and the same identifier should be used for both the start and finish of the range .

Only one of the identifier sections on the form should be completed when specifying a range of entries and the same identifier should be used for both the Start and Finish of the range .
only one of the identifier sections on the form should be completed when [naming] a range of entries and the same identifier should be used for both the start and finish of the range .

Only one of the identifier sections on the form should be completed when specifying a range of entries and the same identifier should be used for both the Start and Finish of the range .
only one of the identifier sections on the form should be completed when [naming] a range of entries and the same identifier should be used for both the start and finish of the range .

It is extremely easy to exceed these bounds when specifying a program , and so it is essential that a programmer experienced in the particular system or systems to be used is involved in the initial design discussions .
it is extremely easy to exceed these bounds when [naming] a program , and so it is essential that a programmer experienced in the particular system or systems to be used is involved in the initial design discussions .

Each instruction is encoded in such a way that it can be held in a store location , so that the store contains both the data being operated on and the program of instructions specifying the operations to be performed .
each instruction is encoded in such a way that it can be held in a store location , so that the store contains both the data being operated on and the program of instructions [naming] the operations to be performed .

The fetch phase involves extracting the contents of the store location referred to by the program counter , and decoding it into an operation code portion , specifying an operation to be carried out , and an operand portion , specifying a store address ( whose numeric value we will indicate as The program counter is then incremented by one , to point to the next store location in sequence , since this normally holds the next instruction to be executed .
the fetch phase involves extracting the contents of the store location referred to by the program counter , and decoding it into an operation code portion , [naming] an operation to be carried out , and an operand portion , [naming] a store address ( whose numeric value we will indicate as the program counter is then incremented by one , to point to the next store location in sequence , since this normally holds the next instruction to be executed .

In 2.4 several methods are mentioned for specifying a particular subportion of a computer word .
in 2.4 several methods are mentioned for [naming] a particular subportion of a computer word .

It has an operation code or function field , specifying what operation the computer is to perform , and an operand field , which specifies an operand ( usually as a store address ) or the location for a result .
it has an operation code or function field , [naming] what operation the computer is to perform , and an operand field , which specifies an operand ( usually as a store address ) or the location for a result .

Notice that we have mentioned two ways of specifying an operation to be performed : by having various lengths of operation code field , or by having a fixed length operation code field together with some form of subsidiary information field .
notice that we have mentioned two ways of [naming] an operation to be performed : by having various lengths of operation code field , or by having a fixed length operation code field together with some form of subsidiary information field .

Some limited bit significance is provided by splitting the operation code field into two portions , one specifying the instruction group and one the particular instruction within the group .
some limited bit significance is provided by splitting the operation code field into two portions , one [naming] the instruction group and one the particular instruction within the group .

An instruction then consists of an initial operator syllable which specifies the operation to be performed , perhaps followed by one or more further syllables specifying a store address or subsidiary information .
an instruction then consists of an initial operator syllable which specifies the operation to be performed , perhaps followed by one or more further syllables [naming] a store address or subsidiary information .

We have seen that one implicit method of specifying an operand or result location is to imply the use of a processor register , such as the accumulator .
we have seen that one implicit method of [naming] an operand or result location is to imply the use of a processor register , such as the accumulator .

The jump instructions ( b ) and ( c ) in Figure 3.11 contain an operation code field ( perhaps together with a subsidiary information field specifying the jump condition ) , and an operand field ( perhaps together with an addressing mode field ) to specify the location to which control is to be transferred if the condition is true ( that is , if the jump is successful ) .
the jump instructions ( b ) and ( c ) in figure 3.11 contain an operation code field ( perhaps together with a subsidiary information field [naming] the jump condition ) , and an operand field ( perhaps together with an addressing mode field ) to specify the location to which control is to be transferred if the condition is true ( that is , if the jump is successful ) .

The control portion of our micro-instruction now takes the form of a number of short encoded fields , each specifying one of a mutually exclusive set of control signals ( such as the function to be performed by the arithmetic unit ) or one of a mutually exclusive set of processor registers as the source or destination of a transfer .
the control portion of our micro-instruction now takes the form of a number of short encoded fields , each [naming] one of a mutually exclusive set of control signals ( such as the function to be performed by the arithmetic unit ) or one of a mutually exclusive set of processor registers as the source or destination of a transfer .

It is long ( perhaps 50 to 100 bits ) , and is made up of a series of short encoded fields specifying gates to be opened and control signals to be transmitted .
it is long ( perhaps 50 to 100 bits ) , and is made up of a series of short encoded fields [naming] gates to be opened and control signals to be transmitted .

1.6.2 Specifying Causal Circumstances
1.6.2 [naming] causal circumstances

We could try harder and do better by specifying certain electrical facts , an ignition temperature for a material , and so on-in general by giving conditions for the particular chemical reaction of combustion that occurred-but there is no need .
we could try harder and do better by [naming] certain electrical facts , an ignition temperature for a material , and so on-in general by giving conditions for the particular chemical reaction of combustion that occurred-but there is no need .

Each has systematic ways of dealing with apparently awkward cases and there is no hope of specifying neutral conditions for testing one against the other and thus deciding between them .
each has systematic ways of dealing with apparently awkward cases and there is no hope of [naming] neutral conditions for testing one against the other and thus deciding between them .

And he gives the game away by specifying that the ritual occurred on the day immediately preceding Jesus 's triumphal entry into Jerusalem .
and he gives the game away by [naming] that the ritual occurred on the day immediately preceding jesus 's triumphal entry into jerusalem .

There are no criteria specifying the minimum conditions of existence supposed to be covered by unemployment benefit , but parliamentary regulations define the basic resources of daily life to which people on supplementary benefit should be entitled :
there are no criteria [naming] the minimum conditions of existence supposed to be covered by unemployment benefit , but parliamentary regulations define the basic resources of daily life to which people on supplementary benefit should be entitled :

In specifying what sexual harassment means — anything from pinups and sexist jokes to assault and rape at work — its policies against sexual harassment raise the consciousness of men .
in [naming] what sexual harassment means — anything from pinups and sexist jokes to assault and rape at work — its policies against sexual harassment raise the consciousness of men .

So , for instance , some general SVQs may include problem solving and personal and interpersonal skills by specifying appropriate vocational modules .
so , for instance , some general svqs may include problem solving and personal and interpersonal skills by [naming] appropriate vocational modules .

the exporter , followed by the amount in words specifying clearly the currency of the bill .
the exporter , followed by the amount in words [naming] clearly the currency of the bill .

But as a general rule , specifying age ranges on recruitment should be avoided .
but as a general rule , [naming] age ranges on recruitment should be avoided .

It is still important to see if specifying an age range could be indirect discrimination and it is important to bear in mind that differential age criteria are always likely to be direct discrimination even if it is based on the unequal state pension age .
it is still important to see if [naming] an age range could be indirect discrimination and it is important to bear in mind that differential age criteria are always likely to be direct discrimination even if it is based on the unequal state pension age .

The Council intended to specify subject areas in which responsibility could be delegated to an institution , to authorize institutions to modify existing courses and introduce new ones in subject areas for which the Council had given prior agreement , and to determine the criteria and methods for specifying subject areas and conducting quinquennial reviews .
the council intended to specify subject areas in which responsibility could be delegated to an institution , to authorize institutions to modify existing courses and introduce new ones in subject areas for which the council had given prior agreement , and to determine the criteria and methods for [naming] subject areas and conducting quinquennial reviews .

Obedience under legal authority is not owed to an individual personally but to the impersonal and abstract rules specifying the rights of office .
obedience under legal authority is not owed to an individual personally but to the impersonal and abstract rules [naming] the rights of office .

He got on to the internal phone and asked for petty cash , not specifying any amount .
he got on to the internal phone and asked for petty cash , not [naming] any amount .

This part of the header describes all the modules which are related in some way to this specifying module ; up to 70 records are allowed but are not compulsory .
this part of the header describes all the modules which are related in some way to this [naming] module ; up to 70 records are allowed but are not compulsory .

specifying the charge code and classification for which modules will be hard copied .
[naming] the charge code and classification for which modules will be hard copied .

divide the Listing into a series of smaller , more manageable files by specifying how many pages there should be in a file .
divide the listing into a series of smaller , more manageable files by [naming] how many pages there should be in a file .

is an input parameter specifying the module name and and password ( if necessary to gain access to the module ) .
is an input parameter [naming] the module name and and password ( if necessary to gain access to the module ) .

is an input parameter specifying the module name and information you wish to update .
is an input parameter [naming] the module name and information you wish to update .

Please retry specifying an alternative Part Number which is not already in use .
please retry [naming] an alternative part number which is not already in use .

This part of the header describes all the modules which are related in some way to this specifying module ; up to 70 records are allowed but are not compulsory .
this part of the header describes all the modules which are related in some way to this [naming] module ; up to 70 records are allowed but are not compulsory .

You have tried to use option 2.4.0 — Activate DCs specifying a package that you are not the manager of .
you have tried to use option 2.4.0 — activate dcs [naming] a package that you are not the manager of .

For Offline ‘ stores ’ , two methods can be used to generate an offline workload : either by specifying packages to be offlined using option 9.1.0 , or by using the Storeman facility , whereby a range of modules which have not been accessed in a given time period can be offlined .
for offline ‘ stores ’ , two methods can be used to generate an offline workload : either by [naming] packages to be offlined using option 9.1.0 , or by using the storeman facility , whereby a range of modules which have not been accessed in a given time period can be offlined .

All you have to do is complete the order form specifying the items you require .
all you have to do is complete the order form [naming] the items you require .

The law also laid down `` new principles for forming the power structure `` of local authorities , specifying that only those functions which could not be performed by the lower tiers of government should be delegated to higher bodies .
the law also laid down `` new principles for forming the power structure `` of local authorities , [naming] that only those functions which could not be performed by the lower tiers of government should be delegated to higher bodies .

The Turkish parliament on Aug. 12 voted by 216 to 151 to give the government war powers if necessary , specifying that if Iraq attacked Turkish territory it could send Turkish troops into combat and also allow foreign forces to be deployed on Turkish soil .
the turkish parliament on aug. 12 voted by 216 to 151 to give the government war powers if necessary , [naming] that if iraq attacked turkish territory it could send turkish troops into combat and also allow foreign forces to be deployed on turkish soil .

( The sanctions committee had referred this issue to the Security Council on Sept. 12 after exploring ways of specifying whether food needs in iraq should be categorized as humanitarian .
( the sanctions committee had referred this issue to the security council on sept. 12 after exploring ways of [naming] whether food needs in iraq should be categorized as humanitarian .

If the Bank informs the market that it is prepared to buy bills , the discount houses will generally offer bills to it , specifying a discount rate , for each combination of instrument and band — or , if they wish , different rates for separate amounts within each combination .
if the bank informs the market that it is prepared to buy bills , the discount houses will generally offer bills to it , [naming] a discount rate , for each combination of instrument and band — or , if they wish , different rates for separate amounts within each combination .

The specification used was in error correction format ( Hendry et al , 1983 ) which by specifying variables in both differences and lagged levels enables one to separate out long and short run influences on the dependent variable .
the specification used was in error correction format ( hendry et al , 1983 ) which by [naming] variables in both differences and lagged levels enables one to separate out long and short run influences on the dependent variable .

the specifying of areas of expansion , product development , and market re-orientation ;
the [naming] of areas of expansion , product development , and market re-orientation ;

If Euclidean space-time stretches back to infinite imaginary time , or else starts at a singularity in imaginary time , we have the same problem as in the classical theory of specifying the initial state of the universe : God may know how the universe began , but we can not give any particular reason for thinking it began one way rather than another .
if euclidean space-time stretches back to infinite imaginary time , or else starts at a singularity in imaginary time , we have the same problem as in the classical theory of [naming] the initial state of the universe : god may know how the universe began , but we can not give any particular reason for thinking it began one way rather than another .

The main menu ( fig 6 ) presents some options additional to starting the text analysis , and figure 7 shows the next screen where a request is made for input specifying the required forms of output and the text file specification .
the main menu ( fig 6 ) presents some options additional to starting the text analysis , and figure 7 shows the next screen where a request is made for input [naming] the required forms of output and the text file specification .

An alternative way of stopping date and time values from changing if you have already made a lot of entries into a spreadsheet is to use the /Range , Value command and specifying the relevant range of cells when prompted ‘ Convert what ? and then pressing enter twice so that the same starting point is used for ‘ To where ? ’ .
an alternative way of stopping date and time values from changing if you have already made a lot of entries into a spreadsheet is to use the /range , value command and [naming] the relevant range of cells when prompted ‘ convert what ? and then pressing enter twice so that the same starting point is used for ‘ to where ? ’ .

Rather than waste much time searching for a single , unambiguous statement specifying multimedia on which everyone will agree , we will aim instead for a working understanding of the term .
rather than waste much time searching for a single , unambiguous statement [naming] multimedia on which everyone will agree , we will aim instead for a working understanding of the term .

Choropleth maps using different colours to represent different levels of the mapped variable can be generated by specifying one of the 125 colours to be used as the area fill colour .
choropleth maps using different colours to represent different levels of the mapped variable can be generated by [naming] one of the 125 colours to be used as the area fill colour .

Structured English is a precise way of specifying a function and is readily understandable by the systems designer as well as being readily converted to a program .
structured english is a precise way of [naming] a function and is readily understandable by the systems designer as well as being readily converted to a program .

Then they pass zoning laws specifying a minimum size for a house and its garden .
then they pass zoning laws [naming] a minimum size for a house and its garden .

Transactions that are more than just once-only exchanges can not be organized , therefore , by a long-term market contract , agreed at the outset , specifying terms appropriate to any future state of the world .
transactions that are more than just once-only exchanges can not be organized , therefore , by a long-term market contract , agreed at the outset , [naming] terms appropriate to any future state of the world .

One can not discuss the effect of the national debt without specifying the other accompanying adjustments in fiscal policy .
one can not discuss the effect of the national debt without [naming] the other accompanying adjustments in fiscal policy .

This discussion brings out the care that is necessary in specifying assumptions about incidence , and the need for an explicit rather than an implicit model .
this discussion brings out the care that is necessary in [naming] assumptions about incidence , and the need for an explicit rather than an implicit model .

Such modification involves specifying some form of propagation mechanism which converts serially uncorrelated shifts in aggregate demand into serially correlated movements in aggregate output .
such modification involves [naming] some form of propagation mechanism which converts serially uncorrelated shifts in aggregate demand into serially correlated movements in aggregate output .

Confusion is avoided by using the term luminescence , and specifying the activating energy as a descriptive prefix .
confusion is avoided by using the term luminescence , and [naming] the activating energy as a descriptive prefix .

For each key stage , programmes of study are to be drawn up specifying what pupils of different abilities are to be taught in each subject , and attainment targets set out specifying the knowledge , skills and understanding that they are expected to have acquired by the end of the stage .
for each key stage , programmes of study are to be drawn up [naming] what pupils of different abilities are to be taught in each subject , and attainment targets set out [naming] the knowledge , skills and understanding that they are expected to have acquired by the end of the stage .

Is there a difference between requesting an act and specifying an act to be done in return for the promise ? Or are these two ways of describing the same thing ? See Consideration in Contracts , pp. 33–34
is there a difference between requesting an act and [naming] an act to be done in return for the promise ? or are these two ways of describing the same thing ? see consideration in contracts , pp. 33–34

specifying features within each category , such as the formal qualities of ‘ line ’ , ‘ colour ’ , ‘ balance ’ , ‘ rhythm ’ , etc ;
[naming] features within each category , such as the formal qualities of ‘ line ’ , ‘ colour ’ , ‘ balance ’ , ‘ rhythm ’ , etc ;

At home , he had quelled the murmurings of those who wanted a clear sign of what the regime 's institutional future was to be , without committing himself to a date for the return of a monarch to the leadership of the state , and without specifying who his successor would be .
at home , he had quelled the murmurings of those who wanted a clear sign of what the regime 's institutional future was to be , without committing himself to a date for the return of a monarch to the leadership of the state , and without [naming] who his successor would be .

by careful design and writing of the module descriptors , thus defining the skills and knowledge to be acquired and specifying the standards to be achieved ;
by careful design and writing of the module descriptors , thus defining the skills and knowledge to be acquired and [naming] the standards to be achieved ;

The defendant , a Greek bank of the private sector , had announced a public open competition for hiring of male and female employees , specifying that appointments would be made on the basis of separate lists of successful candidates , according to sex and marks obtained .
the defendant , a greek bank of the private sector , had announced a public open competition for hiring of male and female employees , [naming] that appointments would be made on the basis of separate lists of successful candidates , according to sex and marks obtained .

Although this is both extensive and varied by the standards of most of the human sciences , though perhaps not of history , what it illustrates is the difficulty of specifying what is to count as data beyond saying that it is whatever material that researchers need to work with in order to pursue their inquiries .
although this is both extensive and varied by the standards of most of the human sciences , though perhaps not of history , what it illustrates is the difficulty of [naming] what is to count as data beyond saying that it is whatever material that researchers need to work with in order to pursue their inquiries .

Raoul Cedras , called for calm and promised that new elections would be held , without specifying a date .
raoul cedras , called for calm and promised that new elections would be held , without [naming] a date .

Without specifying whether the state would grant the Roman Catholic Church legal recognition , Salinas undertook to promote it to a `` new legal position `` .
without [naming] whether the state would grant the roman catholic church legal recognition , salinas undertook to promote it to a `` new legal position `` .

There is no legislative assembly although on Nov. 8 , 1990 , King Fahd announced that a long promised Consultative Council ( Majlis al-Shura ) would be set up to help him run the country without specifying a date for its creation .
there is no legislative assembly although on nov. 8 , 1990 , king fahd announced that a long promised consultative council ( majlis al-shura ) would be set up to help him run the country without [naming] a date for its creation .

This may also involve specifying the important concepts to be developed .
this may also involve [naming] the important concepts to be developed .

( 3 ) Where there is served on the person who may consent to a proposed transaction a written application by the tenant for consent to the transaction , he owes a duty to the tenant within a reasonable time — ( a ) to give consent , except in a case where it is reasonable not to give consent , ( b ) to serve on the tenant written notice of his decision whether or not to give consent specifying in addition — ( i ) if the consent is given subject to conditions , the conditions , ( ii ) if the consent is withheld , the reasons for withholding it .
( 3 ) where there is served on the person who may consent to a proposed transaction a written application by the tenant for consent to the transaction , he owes a duty to the tenant within a reasonable time — ( a ) to give consent , except in a case where it is reasonable not to give consent , ( b ) to serve on the tenant written notice of his decision whether or not to give consent [naming] in addition — ( i ) if the consent is given subject to conditions , the conditions , ( ii ) if the consent is withheld , the reasons for withholding it .

The further question is whether the absence of any statement in the notice requiring compensation in money in respect of the breach is fatal to the validity of the notice … the statute requires notice to be given specifying the breach complained of , as the first thing , and , if the breach is capable of remedy , requiring the lessee to remedy it , and " in any case requiring the lessee to make compensation in money for the breach . " Supposing the lessor does not want compensation , is the notice to be held bad because he does not ask for it ? There is no sense in that …
the further question is whether the absence of any statement in the notice requiring compensation in money in respect of the breach is fatal to the validity of the notice … the statute requires notice to be given [naming] the breach complained of , as the first thing , and , if the breach is capable of remedy , requiring the lessee to remedy it , and " in any case requiring the lessee to make compensation in money for the breach . " supposing the lessor does not want compensation , is the notice to be held bad because he does not ask for it ? there is no sense in that …

So , for instance , some general SVQs include problem solving and personal and interpersonal skills by specifying appropriate vocational modules .
so , for instance , some general svqs include problem solving and personal and interpersonal skills by [naming] appropriate vocational modules .

( 2 ) The offer shall be made by notice specifying the number of shares offered , and limiting a period ( not being less than fourteen days ) within which the offer , if not accepted , will be deemed to be declined .
( 2 ) the offer shall be made by notice [naming] the number of shares offered , and limiting a period ( not being less than fourteen days ) within which the offer , if not accepted , will be deemed to be declined .

If practitioners adopt paragraph ( 8 ) but not Article 10 and the remainder of Article 11 they must include in their Articles provisions specifying the effect of a deemed Transfer Notice ( as provided for by paragraph ( 8 ) ) .
if practitioners adopt paragraph ( 8 ) but not article 10 and the remainder of article 11 they must include in their articles provisions [naming] the effect of a deemed transfer notice ( as provided for by paragraph ( 8 ) ) .

( 2 ) The offer shall be made by notice specifying the number of shares offered , and limiting a period ( not being less than fourteen days ) within which the offer , if not accepted , will be deemed to be declined .
( 2 ) the offer shall be made by notice [naming] the number of shares offered , and limiting a period ( not being less than fourteen days ) within which the offer , if not accepted , will be deemed to be declined .

If practitioners adopt paragraph ( 8 ) but not Article 10 and the remainder of Article 11 they must include in their Articles provisions specifying the effect of a deemed Transfer Notice ( as provided for by paragraph ( 8 ) ) .
if practitioners adopt paragraph ( 8 ) but not article 10 and the remainder of article 11 they must include in their articles provisions [naming] the effect of a deemed transfer notice ( as provided for by paragraph ( 8 ) ) .

Moreover , to the extent that some phonetic information is available about other segments , the candidate set will be reduced further , probably to the extent of uniquely specifying the correct word .
moreover , to the extent that some phonetic information is available about other segments , the candidate set will be reduced further , probably to the extent of uniquely [naming] the correct word .

The type and complexity of descriptions specifying valid paths is determined by the knowledge bases defined for the task and not by the parser .
the type and complexity of descriptions [naming] valid paths is determined by the knowledge bases defined for the task and not by the parser .

Experimental evidence indicates that if the acoustic cues specifying these segments are varied along a continuum with at one end and at the other , the same ambiguous segment is much more likely to be interpreted as in the context of and as in the context of ( Ganong 1980 ) .
experimental evidence indicates that if the acoustic cues [naming] these segments are varied along a continuum with at one end and at the other , the same ambiguous segment is much more likely to be interpreted as in the context of and as in the context of ( ganong 1980 ) .

The Hearsay-II system used segments categorized by manner of articulation features only , avoiding the more difficult task of specifying place of articulation .
the hearsay-ii system used segments categorized by manner of articulation features only , avoiding the more difficult task of [naming] place of articulation .

that which allows the achievement of an end , without specifying the precise nature of these means .
that which allows the achievement of an end , without [naming] the precise nature of these means .

specifying genitive
[naming] genitive

Their starting point was to set up a model in which there were no opportunities for arbitrage by specifying an equality between those investors taking their returns solely in terms of capital gains by selling before the share went ex-dividend , and those who sold after the share went ex-dividend and thus collected their return in capital gains and dividends : where .
their starting point was to set up a model in which there were no opportunities for arbitrage by [naming] an equality between those investors taking their returns solely in terms of capital gains by selling before the share went ex-dividend , and those who sold after the share went ex-dividend and thus collected their return in capital gains and dividends : where .

If all the requirements for amplifiers could be examined by one design/development group it would probably be found that , by judicious specifying , two or three separate amplifiers only are required .
if all the requirements for amplifiers could be examined by one design/development group it would probably be found that , by judicious [naming] , two or three separate amplifiers only are required .

The chain can be described adequately by specifying the first rectangle and then relating the next one to it by the four statements in Table 11.1 .
the chain can be described adequately by [naming] the first rectangle and then relating the next one to it by the four statements in table 11.1 .

The second rectangle , having simplified the specifying of the third , now has its smaller dimension revised to 0·5 cm from the highest corner .
the second rectangle , having simplified the [naming] of the third , now has its smaller dimension revised to 0·5 cm from the highest corner .

Lobbyists must report contributions without specifying whom they gave them to .
lobbyists must report contributions without [naming] whom they gave them to .

We will ensure that commercial borrowers are entitled to a full contract specifying the terms , conditions and duration of the services provided .
we will ensure that commercial borrowers are entitled to a full contract [naming] the terms , conditions and duration of the services provided .

The Law Commission has been much more exact in specifying intent to commit serious crime as a necessary ingredient for one of the two more serious offences it proposes .
the law commission has been much more exact in [naming] intent to commit serious crime as a necessary ingredient for one of the two more serious offences it proposes .

Before each round of a team match the team 's representative must hand in a list of competitors to the area scorekeeper , specifying the order in which they will compete .
before each round of a team match the team 's representative must hand in a list of competitors to the area scorekeeper , [naming] the order in which they will compete .

We are not yet in a position , therefore , to replace Marx 's and Engels 's view with a clear alternative specifying under what conditions a society based on slavery is likely to occur , but similarly we can not accept Marx 's and Engels 's theory fully .
we are not yet in a position , therefore , to replace marx 's and engels 's view with a clear alternative [naming] under what conditions a society based on slavery is likely to occur , but similarly we can not accept marx 's and engels 's theory fully .

Economically it is sensible to use as high a concentration as possible and dilute on site to the required level but there is some validity in specifying low activity concentration where users consistently ignore dilution instructions .
economically it is sensible to use as high a concentration as possible and dilute on site to the required level but there is some validity in [naming] low activity concentration where users consistently ignore dilution instructions .

You can try to impress the waiter as a serious customer by specifying the type of tea you want , rather than just the brew in general .
you can try to impress the waiter as a serious customer by [naming] the type of tea you want , rather than just the brew in general .

For each attainment target there are statements of attainment which define up to ten levels of attainment specifying what pupils should know , understand and be able to do , appropriate for pupils of different ages and abilities .
for each attainment target there are statements of attainment which define up to ten levels of attainment [naming] what pupils should know , understand and be able to do , appropriate for pupils of different ages and abilities .

For this reason , the Presentation attainment target stops at level 7 ( the level that should be achieved by the average 16 year old ) because there is no way of extending it to level 10 , other than by specifying lists of increasingly irregular and unusual words — which would be absurd .
for this reason , the presentation attainment target stops at level 7 ( the level that should be achieved by the average 16 year old ) because there is no way of extending it to level 10 , other than by [naming] lists of increasingly irregular and unusual words — which would be absurd .

Using the concentration of chemicals is just one of several possible ways of specifying position .
using the concentration of chemicals is just one of several possible ways of [naming] position .

It may well be that the main cross-talk between cells involves specifying position .
it may well be that the main cross-talk between cells involves [naming] position .

Spiral cleavage focuses our attention on the role of cell lineage in specifying pattern .
spiral cleavage focuses our attention on the role of cell lineage in [naming] pattern .

If the embryos have taken so much trouble to have so well-defined patterns of cleavage it is a reasonable expectation that the cleavage pattern may be involved in specifying cell fate .
if the embryos have taken so much trouble to have so well-defined patterns of cleavage it is a reasonable expectation that the cleavage pattern may be involved in [naming] cell fate .

For the proximo-distal axis , that is the long axis of the limb , from the shoulder to the fingers , there is a rather different mechanism for specifying positional information .
for the proximo-distal axis , that is the long axis of the limb , from the shoulder to the fingers , there is a rather different mechanism for [naming] positional information .

Although changes in attitude are notoriously slow there are now some firms and local governments which positively avoid specifying age in their job advertisements .
although changes in attitude are notoriously slow there are now some firms and local governments which positively avoid [naming] age in their job advertisements .

Men were not lacking in Ireland but Tyrconnel needed both money and arms , specifying his requirements as 500,000 crowns [ £125,000 ] , 16,000 muskets and 12,000 swords .
men were not lacking in ireland but tyrconnel needed both money and arms , [naming] his requirements as 500,000 crowns [ £125,000 ] , 16,000 muskets and 12,000 swords .

If the contract makes it clear that you will receive a bonus , without specifying a fixed sum , your entitlement is probably to a figure that is reasonable , taking into account sums received in previous years .
if the contract makes it clear that you will receive a bonus , without [naming] a fixed sum , your entitlement is probably to a figure that is reasonable , taking into account sums received in previous years .

At this stage it was not the intention to explore the real world on the basis of the model , but to use the model as a starting point for further development , and the analysts concentrated on specifying the transformation required , without too much concern about the system ownership , actors , etc .
at this stage it was not the intention to explore the real world on the basis of the model , but to use the model as a starting point for further development , and the analysts concentrated on [naming] the transformation required , without too much concern about the system ownership , actors , etc .

In this case , the data specifying the initial waves is now given by on , and by on .
in this case , the data [naming] the initial waves is now given by on , and by on .

The Department of Health ( 1989f ) proposes as a ‘ minimum , the contracting parties should consider specifying : … the criteria for admission and discharge of in-patients and for day/out patient referrals ’ .
the department of health ( 1989f ) proposes as a ‘ minimum , the contracting parties should consider [naming] : … the criteria for admission and discharge of in-patients and for day/out patient referrals ’ .

Doctors and nurses need to be centrally involved in specifying the information requirements of the new systems .
doctors and nurses need to be centrally involved in [naming] the information requirements of the new systems .

‘ Cost and volume ’ contracts specifying a price for a minimum level of service , with additional cases treated over that minimum to be supplied at agreed prices .
‘ cost and volume ’ contracts [naming] a price for a minimum level of service , with additional cases treated over that minimum to be supplied at agreed prices .

Doctors and nurses need to be centrally involved in specifying information requirements .
doctors and nurses need to be centrally involved in [naming] information requirements .

Resource management must be demonstrated to be linked to a client orientation , hence the criticality of involving users in specifying care and quality parameters .
resource management must be demonstrated to be linked to a client orientation , hence the criticality of involving users in [naming] care and quality parameters .

( i ) The Problem of Specifying Works
( i ) the problem of [naming] works

An abatement notice specifying these works would not be invalid , but should planning permission be refused and further action be taken to obtain compliance with the notice , the Justices need not take the local authority 's advice and order the defendants to implement those works , but if they do , and planning permission is again refused , the defendants may be able to avail themselves of the defence of ‘ reasonable excuse ’ , under s.95 , leaving the local authority to find alternative means to seek abatement of the odour .
an abatement notice [naming] these works would not be invalid , but should planning permission be refused and further action be taken to obtain compliance with the notice , the justices need not take the local authority 's advice and order the defendants to implement those works , but if they do , and planning permission is again refused , the defendants may be able to avail themselves of the defence of ‘ reasonable excuse ’ , under s.95 , leaving the local authority to find alternative means to seek abatement of the odour .

The Town and Country Planning ( Use Classes ) Order 1972 is one such Order , specifying 18 use classes , and stating that where a building or other land is used for the purpose of any class specified in the schedule to the Order , the use thereof for any other purpose of the same class is deemed not to involve development .
the town and country planning ( use classes ) order 1972 is one such order , [naming] 18 use classes , and stating that where a building or other land is used for the purpose of any class specified in the schedule to the order , the use thereof for any other purpose of the same class is deemed not to involve development .

Again , function , not process , is the major method of specifying the local state .
again , function , not process , is the major method of [naming] the local state .

Under the heading ‘ Money-Lenders ’ Baits ' he showed his readers how the cormorants attempted to lure them into their net — advertisements from loan merchants hiding behind grand names like The Clerical and Medical Bank , in all parts of Britain , none of whom saw fit to mention the rates of interest they would charge , and some specifying Without Sureties .
under the heading ‘ money-lenders ’ baits ' he showed his readers how the cormorants attempted to lure them into their net — advertisements from loan merchants hiding behind grand names like the clerical and medical bank , in all parts of britain , none of whom saw fit to mention the rates of interest they would charge , and some [naming] without sureties .

The Ministry of Defence 's own research establishments also came in for criticism for playing too great a role in specifying , designing and managing defence projects .
the ministry of defence 's own research establishments also came in for criticism for playing too great a role in [naming] , designing and managing defence projects .

Although Lashley 's failure led many behavioural psychologists to adopt a ‘ black-box ’ approach to learning ( specifying input and output variables but leaving their connections a mystery ) , neuroscientists continued their search for the engram undeterred .
although lashley 's failure led many behavioural psychologists to adopt a ‘ black-box ’ approach to learning ( [naming] input and output variables but leaving their connections a mystery ) , neuroscientists continued their search for the engram undeterred .

The registration requirements include a constitution , made up of a memorandum and articles of association , specifying what the company is formed to do , and how its internal affairs are to be regulated .
the registration requirements include a constitution , made up of a memorandum and articles of association , [naming] what the company is formed to do , and how its internal affairs are to be regulated .

Objectives help to guide a student 's learning by specifying the range of experience available .
objectives help to guide a student 's learning by [naming] the range of experience available .

Care must be taken over the signs of relationships , specifying which category has been selected as the base for comparison ( see section 8.2 ) .
care must be taken over the signs of relationships , [naming] which category has been selected as the base for comparison ( see section 8.2 ) .

The drafting style follows the Fifteenth Amendment by specifying the criterion on account of which the states may not limit or abridge the right to vote .
the drafting style follows the fifteenth amendment by [naming] the criterion on account of which the states may not limit or abridge the right to vote .

In quantum mechanics , one talks of specifying the classical conditions of the experiment , and thereby the configuration space of the quantum system , preparing an initial state , and using Schrödinger ’ s equation to propagate amplitudes for the entire future evolution in the configuration space for all conceivable observables .
in quantum mechanics , one talks of [naming] the classical conditions of the experiment , and thereby the configuration space of the quantum system , preparing an initial state , and using schrödinger ’ s equation to propagate amplitudes for the entire future evolution in the configuration space for all conceivable observables .

The most general description of a dynamical system consists in specifying its state space , then identifying for each state which state or states it changes into .
the most general description of a dynamical system consists in [naming] its state space , then identifying for each state which state or states it changes into .

After spreading out your sleeping bag in your room , you should put in an order for dinner , specifying when you would like it served .
after spreading out your sleeping bag in your room , you should put in an order for dinner , [naming] when you would like it served .

For example , the Congress might wish to agree on rules specifying procedures for consideration of proposed changes , time limits on debate , or requirements that any amendments to future legislation be strictly related to DHS .
for example , the congress might wish to agree on rules [naming] procedures for consideration of proposed changes , time limits on debate , or requirements that any amendments to future legislation be strictly related to dhs .

OMB 's 1996 update to Circular A-130 , Appendix III , provides similar guidance , specifying that a management official should authorize in writing the use of each system before beginning or significantly changing use of the system .
omb 's 1996 update to circular a-130 , appendix iii , provides similar guidance , [naming] that a management official should authorize in writing the use of each system before beginning or significantly changing use of the system .

OMB 's 1996 update to Circular A-130 , Appendix III , provides similar guidance , specifying that a management official should authorize in writing the use of each system before beginning or significantly changing use of the system .
omb 's 1996 update to circular a-130 , appendix iii , provides similar guidance , [naming] that a management official should authorize in writing the use of each system before beginning or significantly changing use of the system .

The standard for making this judgment requires the diligence of the investigator in formulating alternative explanations of what is happening , in specifying the kind of evidence that would be supportive or nonsupportive , in searching intensively for evidence that would rule out initial hypotheses , and in thoroughly considering the reasons for inconsistent patterns of evidence in the second tier .
the standard for making this judgment requires the diligence of the investigator in formulating alternative explanations of what is happening , in [naming] the kind of evidence that would be supportive or nonsupportive , in searching intensively for evidence that would rule out initial hypotheses , and in thoroughly considering the reasons for inconsistent patterns of evidence in the second tier .

For example , requirements specifying low levels of financial assets in order to qualify for government benefits may discourage personal saving .
for example , requirements [naming] low levels of financial assets in order to qualify for government benefits may discourage personal saving .

REPORT ON LSC 'S RECONFIGURATION STANDARDS Congress has vested in Legal Services Corporation the responsibility of specifying the service areas for which it will offer grants for the provision of legal services .
report on lsc 's reconfiguration standards congress has vested in legal services corporation the responsibility of [naming] the service areas for which it will offer grants for the provision of legal services .

The restriction on litigation , however , is unique , and it contains a proviso specifying what the restriction does not cover .
the restriction on litigation , however , is unique , and it contains a proviso [naming] what the restriction does not cover .

The twelve partners in this collaboration have recently signed agreements specifying the duties of each partner .
the twelve partners in this collaboration have recently signed agreements [naming] the duties of each partner .

B This C-R function is included as a reasonable specification to explore the impact of adjustments for broad regional correlations , which have been identified as important factors in correctly specifying the PM mortality C-R function .
b this c-r function is included as a reasonable specification to explore the impact of adjustments for broad regional correlations , which have been identified as important factors in correctly [naming] the pm mortality c-r function .

B This C-R function is included as a reasonable specification to explore the impact of adjustments for broad regional correlations , which have been identified as important factors in correctly specifying the PM mortality C-R function .
b this c-r function is included as a reasonable specification to explore the impact of adjustments for broad regional correlations , which have been identified as important factors in correctly [naming] the pm mortality c-r function .

The Administrator shall issue regulations requiring all the unit 's baselines to be based on the same year and specifying minimum requirements concerning the percentage of the unit 's operating hours for which quality assured CEMS data must be available during such year .
the administrator shall issue regulations requiring all the unit 's baselines to be based on the same year and [naming] minimum requirements concerning the percentage of the unit 's operating hours for which quality assured cems data must be available during such year .

The response stage was varied by specifying a response from either the dominant or non-dominant hand and error monitoring was examined by comparing error with correct trials .
the response stage was varied by [naming] a response from either the dominant or non-dominant hand and error monitoring was examined by comparing error with correct trials .

These posttranslational lipid modifications are essential for attachment of the GTPases to the cytosolic face of intracellular vesicles and/or to the cytosolic leaflet of the plasma membrane , thereby specifying subcellular targets for GTPase action ( s ) .
these posttranslational lipid modifications are essential for attachment of the gtpases to the cytosolic face of intracellular vesicles and/or to the cytosolic leaflet of the plasma membrane , thereby [naming] subcellular targets for gtpase action ( s ) .

Genes specifying transcription factors essential for in vivo differentiation of lineage-restricted neural progenitors and their differentiated progeny [ 21,22,23 ] , including En1 , Hb9 , Isl1 , Hoxc6 , NRSF/REST , and Nkx6.1 , were expressed at low or undetectable levels in stage 1 ( see Figure 1B–1C ) , consistent with the reported multipotency of proliferating NSs grown in high glucose [ 14 ] .
genes [naming] transcription factors essential for in vivo differentiation of lineage-restricted neural progenitors and their differentiated progeny [ 21,22,23 ] , including en1 , hb9 , isl1 , hoxc6 , nrsf/rest , and nkx6.1 , were expressed at low or undetectable levels in stage 1 ( see figure 1b–1c ) , consistent with the reported multipotency of proliferating nss grown in high glucose [ 14 ] .

Many other developmental pathways , such as those specifying the heart and the central nervous system , have since been elucidated and promptly subjected to successful comparative analysis .
many other developmental pathways , such as those [naming] the heart and the central nervous system , have since been elucidated and promptly subjected to successful comparative analysis .

This immobilization process is efficient enough to be iterated , so that DNA sequences specifying multiple amino acids can be routed to the appropriate miniature resin-filled columns during each step .
this immobilization process is efficient enough to be iterated , so that dna sequences [naming] multiple amino acids can be routed to the appropriate miniature resin-filled columns during each step .

The papers report that in response , President Clinton has urged Russia not to follow through , saying that the country will `` pay a heavy price '' otherwise , without really specifying further .
the papers report that in response , president clinton has urged russia not to follow through , saying that the country will `` pay a heavy price '' otherwise , without really [naming] further .

The introduction lists emerging food trends of the year , albeit a bit cursorily , and without really specifying how the trends are certified as such .
the introduction lists emerging food trends of the year , albeit a bit cursorily , and without really [naming] how the trends are certified as such .

To quote Resnick and Miller , PICS is `` analogous to specifying where on a package a label should appear , and in what font it should be printed , without specifying what it should say . ''
to quote resnick and miller , pics is `` analogous to [naming] where on a package a label should appear , and in what font it should be printed , without [naming] what it should say . ''

He supports `` families '' and the `` future '' without specifying which families or what future .
he supports `` families '' and the `` future '' without [naming] which families or what future .

The WP mentions an NEA fear of being aligned too closely with the causes and politics of the AFL-CIO without specifying what these are .
the wp mentions an nea fear of being aligned too closely with the causes and politics of the afl-cio without [naming] what these are .

The WP , in its front-page effort says the crisis has chalked up new leadership in four countries ( specifying besides Japan : Indonesia , South Korea and Thailand ) .
the wp , in its front-page effort says the crisis has chalked up new leadership in four countries ( [naming] besides japan : indonesia , south korea and thailand ) .

With regard to the first , it must be noted that without specifying where an item is enclosed , it would usually be construed as accompanying the message , hence I should agree that enclosed herewith is redundant .
with regard to the first , it must be noted that without [naming] where an item is enclosed , it would usually be construed as accompanying the message , hence i should agree that enclosed herewith is redundant .

Must assets that there are laws and facts that jointly necessitate some occurrence , either already completed or yet to be brought about , without specifying exactly what those laws and facts are .
must assets that there are laws and facts that jointly necessitate some occurrence , either already completed or yet to be brought about , without [naming] exactly what those laws and facts are .

One does not sing , “ Allons , les enfants de la patrie ... . ” In modern French novels about military experiences , however , one may find a soldier proposing to his buddies , “ Allons , les gars ... . ” In such usage the plural definit article seems to imply a sense of solidarity , of togetherness , of addressing not just any or all boys or kids or whatever but of specifying a particular group .
one does not sing , “ allons , les enfants de la patrie ... . ” in modern french novels about military experiences , however , one may find a soldier proposing to his buddies , “ allons , les gars ... . ” in such usage the plural definit article seems to imply a sense of solidarity , of togetherness , of addressing not just any or all boys or kids or whatever but of [naming] a particular group .

