Close to a large city they might even specify the size of the nails used ; ;
close to a large city they might even [name] the size of the nails used ; ;

In granting bereavement leaves , specify the maximum time off and list what the worker's relation to the deceased must be to qualify .
in granting bereavement leaves , [name] the maximum time off and list what the worker's relation to the deceased must be to qualify .

Orders of the day began to specify the standard map for the movement .
orders of the day began to [name] the standard map for the movement .

Although the laws of the various states , in general , specify the situs of property , i.e. , residence or domicile of the owner , or location of the property , the exceptions regarding boats , airplanes , mobile homes , etc. , seem to add to the uncertainty of the proper origination point for assessment .
although the laws of the various states , in general , [name] the situs of property , i.e. , residence or domicile of the owner , or location of the property , the exceptions regarding boats , airplanes , mobile homes , etc. , seem to add to the uncertainty of the proper origination point for assessment .

Local currency will be advanced or reimbursed to the Government of India for financing agreed projects under paragraphs 1 ( B ) and 1 ( C ) of Article 2 , of the Agreement upon the presentation of such documentation as the United States may specify .
local currency will be advanced or reimbursed to the government of india for financing agreed projects under paragraphs 1 ( b ) and 1 ( c ) of article 2 , of the agreement upon the presentation of such documentation as the united states may [name] .

The use of this concept does not specify the origin of the radiation , and only if the planet really radiates as a black body , will the apparent black-body temperature correspond to the physical temperature of the emitting material .
the use of this concept does not [name] the origin of the radiation , and only if the planet really radiates as a black body , will the apparent black-body temperature correspond to the physical temperature of the emitting material .

In short , congressional power to grant federal-question authority to federal courts is now apparently so broad that Congress need not create , or specify , the right to be enforced .
in short , congressional power to grant federal-question authority to federal courts is now apparently so broad that congress need not create , or [name] , the right to be enforced .

The supposed tactual sense of spatial location and orientation in the patient and his ability to specify the location of a member , as well as the direction and scope of a movement , passively executed ( with one of his members ) , proved to have been , on the contrary , very considerably affected '' .
the supposed tactual sense of spatial location and orientation in the patient and his ability to [name] the location of a member , as well as the direction and scope of a movement , passively executed ( with one of his members ) , proved to have been , on the contrary , very considerably affected '' .

The one- or two-digit number of the index word or electronic switch was used in the operand of a symbolic machine instruction to specify indexing or as a parameter which is always an index word or electronic switch , e.g. , 3 .
the one- or two-digit number of the index word or electronic switch was used in the operand of a symbolic machine instruction to [name] indexing or as a parameter which is always an index word or electronic switch , e.g. , 3 .

The first item in the operand , IOCSIXF , is used to specify the first IOCS index word for programs using tape files .
the first item in the operand , iocsixf , is used to [name] the first iocs index word for programs using tape files .

The second item in the operand , IOCSIXG , is used to specify the second IOCS index word for programs using tape files .
the second item in the operand , iocsixg , is used to [name] the second iocs index word for programs using tape files .

It was hoped some aspects of traffic separation would be made mandatory , although he would not specify which .
it was hoped some aspects of traffic separation would be made mandatory , although he would not [name] which .

He said weapons carried on board were not damaged , but declined to specify if the boat was carrying nuclear or conventional missiles .
he said weapons carried on board were not damaged , but declined to [name] if the boat was carrying nuclear or conventional missiles .

Lord Lawson did not specify which taxes should be increased but he appeared to be calling for higher indirect taxation , rather than higher income tax , to bring in an extra £6 billion .
lord lawson did not [name] which taxes should be increased but he appeared to be calling for higher indirect taxation , rather than higher income tax , to bring in an extra £6 billion .

It will specify gender , age group , the area where the murderer is most likely to live , whether they have previous convictions , what these are likely to be and more .
it will [name] gender , age group , the area where the murderer is most likely to live , whether they have previous convictions , what these are likely to be and more .

Our contracts specify that private patients , many of whom are themselves blood donors , are not charged for the blood itself .
our contracts [name] that private patients , many of whom are themselves blood donors , are not charged for the blood itself .

Unlike Wainwright , Bill does n't specify that walkers should go from West to East .
unlike wainwright , bill does n't [name] that walkers should go from west to east .

The company did not specify exactly how their extra funds would be spent .
the company did not [name] exactly how their extra funds would be spent .

Will the franchising authority specify the terms and conditions of the operator 's ticket contract with passengers ?
will the franchising authority [name] the terms and conditions of the operator 's ticket contract with passengers ?

The government may , for example , specify a target rate of growth for the money supply and it will then be the Bank of England 's responsibility to achieve that target .
the government may , for example , [name] a target rate of growth for the money supply and it will then be the bank of england 's responsibility to achieve that target .

The approval gives Wintercure credibility and should encourage architects in other fields to specify the product , said Celomer 's protective coatings manager .
the approval gives wintercure credibility and should encourage architects in other fields to [name] the product , said celomer 's protective coatings manager .

Did Mayall specify exactly what he wanted from his musicians ?
did mayall [name] exactly what he wanted from his musicians ?

But as these guitars are to all intents and purposes custom made , the buyer can specify virtually anything .
but as these guitars are to all intents and purposes custom made , the buyer can [name] virtually anything .

Official building regulations specify a mix of one measure of cement to six of sand .
official building regulations [name] a mix of one measure of cement to six of sand .

Company policy may also specify a limit as to the number of surveys that may be carried out at company expense .
company policy may also [name] a limit as to the number of surveys that may be carried out at company expense .

Some organisations specify particular items which are not covered by the reimbursement of removal costs policy .
some organisations [name] particular items which are not covered by the reimbursement of removal costs policy .

However , some organisations specify that the disturbance allowance covers such items .
however , some organisations [name] that the disturbance allowance covers such items .

‘ Specify . ’
‘ [name] . ’

The differing quality aspects of these zones make it impossible to specify a particular style of wine for Hautvillers .
the differing quality aspects of these zones make it impossible to [name] a particular style of wine for hautvillers .

There was another noise later , but he 's unable to specify when .
there was another noise later , but he 's unable to [name] when .

There is more variety and imagination than before and of course an opportunity to specify stricter flow and speed characteristics for these roads than when they were less differentiated .
there is more variety and imagination than before and of course an opportunity to [name] stricter flow and speed characteristics for these roads than when they were less differentiated .

If you want , you can specify that the pose should be frightening , funny , difficult or amazing .
if you want , you can [name] that the pose should be frightening , funny , difficult or amazing .

Indeed , the government 's own document , The School Curriculum ( 1981 ) , includes these words : ‘ Neither the government nor the local authorities should specify in detail what the schools should teach .
indeed , the government 's own document , the school curriculum ( 1981 ) , includes these words : ‘ neither the government nor the local authorities should [name] in detail what the schools should teach .

Provision has been made to include a general , but we do not specify whether this is the Emperor , an Elector Count , the Reiksmarshall of the Reiksguard , or whoever — any of these individuals can and have taken command of Imperial armies during the history of the Empire .
provision has been made to include a general , but we do not [name] whether this is the emperor , an elector count , the reiksmarshall of the reiksguard , or whoever — any of these individuals can and have taken command of imperial armies during the history of the empire .

More difficult to specify is product design though many examples are cited in the literature .
more difficult to [name] is product design though many examples are cited in the literature .

’ The choices were that of European , Maori , Pacific Islander , and other ( in which case they were asked to specify their race ) .
’ the choices were that of european , maori , pacific islander , and other ( in which case they were asked to [name] their race ) .

Once involved in multiple parameter recorders for large public transport jets , it is no longer appropriate for national authorities to specify in precise terms which parameters must be recorded .
once involved in multiple parameter recorders for large public transport jets , it is no longer appropriate for national authorities to [name] in precise terms which parameters must be recorded .

So it 's comforting to know that one word is all you need specify in order to meet the new standards : Pilkinsulation .
so it 's comforting to know that one word is all you need [name] in order to meet the new standards : pilkinsulation .

Specify Armitage Brick and that is exactly what you have on hand .
[name] armitage brick and that is exactly what you have on hand .

Specify Burmatex by name
[name] burmatex by name

Now no matter what you need in clay , there is only one name to specify .
now no matter what you need in clay , there is only one name to [name] .

With a comprehensive range or roofing and cladding products to choose from , you can specify with confidence , confident in the knowledge that the quality is unmatched , the value unsurpassed and delivery will happen on the day it 's promised .
with a comprehensive range or roofing and cladding products to choose from , you can [name] with confidence , confident in the knowledge that the quality is unmatched , the value unsurpassed and delivery will happen on the day it 's promised .

Now you have the freedom to specify beautiful interiors and , at the same time , appropriate exteriors .
now you have the freedom to [name] beautiful interiors and , at the same time , appropriate exteriors .

So when you specify Sarnafil you can immediately call on the resources of one of the world 's most forward looking polymer engineering companies .
so when you [name] sarnafil you can immediately call on the resources of one of the world 's most forward looking polymer engineering companies .

So at last you can specify profiled and plain tiles together .
so at last you can [name] profiled and plain tiles together .

The theories that have guided these insights into the mechanisms of psychotic and creative thought do not , of course , specify what it is about the brain that might account for the differences observed in schizophrenic and schizotypal individuals .
the theories that have guided these insights into the mechanisms of psychotic and creative thought do not , of course , [name] what it is about the brain that might account for the differences observed in schizophrenic and schizotypal individuals .

other ( please specify )
other ( please [name] )

The authorities claimed that Jorge Quintana Silva was rearrested because he had contravened the conditions of his earlier release , although they did not specify how he had done this .
the authorities claimed that jorge quintana silva was rearrested because he had contravened the conditions of his earlier release , although they did not [name] how he had done this .

This is implemented by allowing the solver to specify priorities .
this is implemented by allowing the solver to [name] priorities .

They would suggest that , when new technologies are being introduced , care should be taken to design jobs associated with those technologies which have the core job characteristics they specify .
they would suggest that , when new technologies are being introduced , care should be taken to design jobs associated with those technologies which have the core job characteristics they [name] .

The journalists of Esquire did not specify the names of this country 's worst -dressed men .
the journalists of esquire did not [name] the names of this country 's worst -dressed men .

For him she begged the gift of immortality from her fellow gods , but neglected to specify eternal youth as well .
for him she begged the gift of immortality from her fellow gods , but neglected to [name] eternal youth as well .

Most kite designs specify the bridle line lengths and the attachment points .
most kite designs [name] the bridle line lengths and the attachment points .

The company reserves the right to veto or restrict the provision of additional facilities such as juke-boxes , fruit machines , pool tables , etc. , but does not specify from whom these must be hired or demand a proportion of the takings ( this attitude is in contrast to most of the national brewery companies and does something to explain why Palatine are regarded as good employers/landlords by their licensees ) .
the company reserves the right to veto or restrict the provision of additional facilities such as juke-boxes , fruit machines , pool tables , etc. , but does not [name] from whom these must be hired or demand a proportion of the takings ( this attitude is in contrast to most of the national brewery companies and does something to explain why palatine are regarded as good employers/landlords by their licensees ) .

Also , you can specify that uncoded data ca n't be loaded — a good inoculation against viruses .
also , you can [name] that uncoded data ca n't be loaded — a good inoculation against viruses .

The computer must be fit for the purpose you specify .
the computer must be fit for the purpose you [name] .

Look for comprehensive bezier drawing tools , precise selection and alignment tools , colour and wireframe editing and the ability to specify dimensions mathematically , as well as by eye .
look for comprehensive bezier drawing tools , precise selection and alignment tools , colour and wireframe editing and the ability to [name] dimensions mathematically , as well as by eye .

When something can have only one of two values , it 's known as having a Boolean value , but Windows does n't specify these consistently .
when something can have only one of two values , it 's known as having a boolean value , but windows does n't [name] these consistently .

Derrida has not been concerned to formulate a new philosophy of history ; nor has he attempted to specify new methodologies in the manner of Foucault .
derrida has not been concerned to formulate a new philosophy of history ; nor has he attempted to [name] new methodologies in the manner of foucault .

Finally , if a local authority wishes to take a child into care , and perhaps assume custody , there are a series of legal rules which specify the grounds for such an action .
finally , if a local authority wishes to take a child into care , and perhaps assume custody , there are a series of legal rules which [name] the grounds for such an action .

Provision has been made to include a general , but we do not specify that the general should be a particular Orc or Goblin warlord , the chieftain of a powerful tribe , or any given individual .
provision has been made to include a general , but we do not [name] that the general should be a particular orc or goblin warlord , the chieftain of a powerful tribe , or any given individual .

In due course , attempts were made to specify more precisely what made British broadcasting unique .
in due course , attempts were made to [name] more precisely what made british broadcasting unique .

To achieve this they need to be able first to specify the functions of individual components of the nervous system and related mechanisms in the body that have behavioural significance , such as the digestive system , and second to explain how these components , working together in an integrated system , give rise to human behaviour and human consciousness .
to achieve this they need to be able first to [name] the functions of individual components of the nervous system and related mechanisms in the body that have behavioural significance , such as the digestive system , and second to explain how these components , working together in an integrated system , give rise to human behaviour and human consciousness .

The first is knowledge of the remarkable consistency in the organization of the brain , at least within individual species , the second , the availability of histological techniques which enable them to specify where a lesion has been made , after the event , even if it is n't completely possible before , and third , access to new chemical techniques for selectively destroying some components of the brain while leaving others intact ( Kohler , Schwartz , and Fuxe 1979 ) .
the first is knowledge of the remarkable consistency in the organization of the brain , at least within individual species , the second , the availability of histological techniques which enable them to [name] where a lesion has been made , after the event , even if it is n't completely possible before , and third , access to new chemical techniques for selectively destroying some components of the brain while leaving others intact ( kohler , schwartz , and fuxe 1979 ) .

But their versatility and the unpredictability of the individual moral dilemma , including , in particular , the implications of competing reasons which may be brought to bear , make it impossible to specify the courses of action in support of which these reasons will necessarily lend themselves .
but their versatility and the unpredictability of the individual moral dilemma , including , in particular , the implications of competing reasons which may be brought to bear , make it impossible to [name] the courses of action in support of which these reasons will necessarily lend themselves .

Although we can specify types of people , e.g .
although we can [name] types of people , e.g .

Helping parents draw up these lists builds on the information they have gained from the assessment phase where they have already learned to specify the problem areas .
helping parents draw up these lists builds on the information they have gained from the assessment phase where they have already learned to [name] the problem areas .

In this way we are able to specify those antecedent events which may be encouraging the problem behaviour and those consequences which may be reinforcing it .
in this way we are able to [name] those antecedent events which may be encouraging the problem behaviour and those consequences which may be reinforcing it .

Your answers should specify an observable behaviour , antecedents which regularly closely precede this behaviour and consequences which regularly and closely follow this behaviour .
your answers should [name] an observable behaviour , antecedents which regularly closely precede this behaviour and consequences which regularly and closely follow this behaviour .

Instead the adult should specify what the child did that was good : ‘ Good girl for putting your toys away ’ .
instead the adult should [name] what the child did that was good : ‘ good girl for putting your toys away ’ .

The details in the text also specify who ( parents or professional ) does what and about how long each step should take to complete with parents .
the details in the text also [name] who ( parents or professional ) does what and about how long each step should take to complete with parents .

The parents must specify these rewards .
the parents must [name] these rewards .

Gary Aptaker of Homegrown Videos in San Diego says his company will let you specify where the tapes are to be distributed .
gary aptaker of homegrown videos in san diego says his company will let you [name] where the tapes are to be distributed .

The values for the attributes of node are constrained by the variables such as ssmin and ssmax which specify the minimum and maximum values permitted for subsection numbers .
the values for the attributes of node are constrained by the variables such as ssmin and ssmax which [name] the minimum and maximum values permitted for subsection numbers .

Providing you specify the correct knitting machine , punchcard and Mylar sheet templates will be printed to actual size , enabling you to place the template directly under the card or sheet for transferring .
providing you [name] the correct knitting machine , punchcard and mylar sheet templates will be printed to actual size , enabling you to place the template directly under the card or sheet for transferring .

Peers visit him once a month to hand over expenses forms on which they specify the days they have attended the Chamber for debates .
peers visit him once a month to hand over expenses forms on which they [name] the days they have attended the chamber for debates .

a motor vehicle , namely a … ( specify type of motor vehicle ) to which section 47 of the Road Traffic Act 1988 , applied and
a motor vehicle , namely a … ( [name] type of motor vehicle ) to which section 47 of the road traffic act 1988 , applied and

for a purpose other than a purpose prescribed under section 16 ( 2 ) , Vehicles ( Excise ) Act 1971 ( specify purpose ) .
for a purpose other than a purpose prescribed under section 16 ( 2 ) , vehicles ( excise ) act 1971 ( [name] purpose ) .

a part ( or accessory ) of which , namely … ( specify )
a part ( or accessory ) of which , namely … ( [name] )

or was likely to be caused to persons in or on that vehicle ( or trailer ) or on a road in that … ( specify defect ) .
or was likely to be caused to persons in or on that vehicle ( or trailer ) or on a road in that … ( [name] defect ) .

‘ a part ( or accessory ) of which , namely … ’ ( specify ) This point can be proved by the police officer dealing with the case describing the item in question in his statement of evidence , e.g .
‘ a part ( or accessory ) of which , namely … ’ ( [name] ) this point can be proved by the police officer dealing with the case describing the item in question in his statement of evidence , e.g .

the lighting equipment of which required by these Regulations to be fitted , namely … ( here specify )
the lighting equipment of which required by these regulations to be fitted , namely … ( here [name] )

‘ the lighting equipment of which required by these Regulations to be fitted , namely … ( here specify )
‘ the lighting equipment of which required by these regulations to be fitted , namely … ( here [name] )

‘ the lighting equipment of which required by these Regulations to be fitted , namely … ( here specify ) This point is proved by showing whatever is specified is the lamp or reflector in question , e.g , the obligatory front nearside lamp or the rear offside reflector etc .
‘ the lighting equipment of which required by these regulations to be fitted , namely … ( here [name] ) this point is proved by showing whatever is specified is the lamp or reflector in question , e.g , the obligatory front nearside lamp or the rear offside reflector etc .

by knowingly making a false report to … ( specify person , not necessarily a constable )
by knowingly making a false report to … ( [name] person , not necessarily a constable )

‘ by knowingly making a false report to … ’ ( specify person , not necessarily a constable ) This point has to be proved and in common with other offences where ‘ what a person knows ’ has to be proved difficulties can arise .
‘ by knowingly making a false report to … ’ ( [name] person , not necessarily a constable ) this point has to be proved and in common with other offences where ‘ what a person knows ’ has to be proved difficulties can arise .

send a message by telephone ( or telegram ) to … ( specify person ) which you knew to be false for the purpose of causing annoyance ( or inconvenience or needless anxiety ) to the said … ( or to … or
send a message by telephone ( or telegram ) to … ( [name] person ) which you knew to be false for the purpose of causing annoyance ( or inconvenience or needless anxiety ) to the said … ( or to … or

did assault … ( specify person )
did assault … ( [name] person )

did assault … ( specify officer ) , a constable of the … Police Force ( or Constabulary )
did assault … ( [name] officer ) , a constable of the … police force ( or constabulary )

did steal therein ( specify ) …
did steal therein ( [name] ) …

did steal … ( specify property ) of the value of …
did steal … ( [name] property ) of the value of …

‘ did steal … ( specify property ) of the value of … ‘ Steal means
‘ did steal … ( [name] property ) of the value of … ‘ steal means

While many stipulate portfolios of at least £50,000 or £100,000 , some do not specify a minimum .
while many stipulate portfolios of at least £50,000 or £100,000 , some do not [name] a minimum .

The law did not specify which court should try most specific offences .
the law did not [name] which court should try most specific offences .

It argued that without them : it would not be possible , in practice , to operate a system of resale price maintenance because it would be impracticable for each publisher to specify his own conditions of sale ; booksellers would find it impossible to comply with all the varied terms imposed by different publishers ; booksellers would lose their assurance that they were not being undercut ; and the Association itself could not effectively monitor individual resale agreements .
it argued that without them : it would not be possible , in practice , to operate a system of resale price maintenance because it would be impracticable for each publisher to [name] his own conditions of sale ; booksellers would find it impossible to comply with all the varied terms imposed by different publishers ; booksellers would lose their assurance that they were not being undercut ; and the association itself could not effectively monitor individual resale agreements .

Gildas writing in the mid-sixth century gives no detail of the battle and Bede in 731 mentions Vortigern and Hengist but does not specify any location .
gildas writing in the mid-sixth century gives no detail of the battle and bede in 731 mentions vortigern and hengist but does not [name] any location .

Of equal significance in his contract was a clause believed to specify the maestro play on in 1992 .
of equal significance in his contract was a clause believed to [name] the maestro play on in 1992 .

If the potential conflicts of interest are to be managed it is best for the business to specify first precisely what form of finance is required . This will depend on the company 's corporate financial strategy , including the five key liability features :
if the potential conflicts of interest are to be managed it is best for the business to [name] first precisely what form of finance is required . this will depend on the company 's corporate financial strategy , including the five key liability features :

The section gives some indication of the questions the company may ask , but it does not specify a format .
the section gives some indication of the questions the company may ask , but it does not [name] a format .

The above Orders , which are now in force , specify cancellation notices for use under the 1992 Act ( 1942 ) and forms of request for repayment of credit ( 1943 ) .
the above orders , which are now in force , [name] cancellation notices for use under the 1992 act ( 1942 ) and forms of request for repayment of credit ( 1943 ) .

Inter alia , the Regulations also specify the information which is to be included in a claim , and they allow for interest to be charged when a provisional repayment proves to be excessive .
inter alia , the regulations also [name] the information which is to be included in a claim , and they allow for interest to be charged when a provisional repayment proves to be excessive .

GPs should offer hearing tests for all residents and care plans should specify action to take .
gps should offer hearing tests for all residents and care plans should [name] action to take .

Thus , in the terminology of cellular automata , 25 cells are relevant to specifying the change in a given cell : the transition matrix has 2 25 rules ( this contrasts with Life , when 9 cells specify a cell 's fate ) .
thus , in the terminology of cellular automata , 25 cells are relevant to specifying the change in a given cell : the transition matrix has 2 25 rules ( this contrasts with life , when 9 cells [name] a cell 's fate ) .

Optimality models do not contain specific genetic parameters , and instead specify the life history that gives the greatest fitness , within the intrinsic constraints of physiology and the extrinsic constraints imposed by the environment .
optimality models do not contain specific genetic parameters , and instead [name] the life history that gives the greatest fitness , within the intrinsic constraints of physiology and the extrinsic constraints imposed by the environment .

Increasing the age at breeding leads to selection for reduced senescence , and both evolutionary theories specify that survival and fertility later in the lifespan will in consequence increase over the generations to come .
increasing the age at breeding leads to selection for reduced senescence , and both evolutionary theories [name] that survival and fertility later in the lifespan will in consequence increase over the generations to come .

The province 's Forest Service has claimed that logging in Clayoquot Sound will be ‘ world class ’ and closely watched , but has yet to specify how that will take place .
the province 's forest service has claimed that logging in clayoquot sound will be ‘ world class ’ and closely watched , but has yet to [name] how that will take place .

If Beccaria 's fault was brevity , then Bentham 's was immense , often boring , detail ( as exhibited , for example , in his celebrated attempt to specify all possible pains and pleasures ) .
if beccaria 's fault was brevity , then bentham 's was immense , often boring , detail ( as exhibited , for example , in his celebrated attempt to [name] all possible pains and pleasures ) .

It has failed to establish clear-cut causal variables that differentiate offenders from non-offenders , and failed to specify effective individualised treatment programmes .
it has failed to establish clear-cut causal variables that differentiate offenders from non-offenders , and failed to [name] effective individualised treatment programmes .

If human action expresses motives and purposes , a question that arises is where the motives for criminal action come from ( especially if we are unable to specify their ‘ causes ’ , in the positivist sense ) .
if human action expresses motives and purposes , a question that arises is where the motives for criminal action come from ( especially if we are unable to [name] their ‘ causes ’ , in the positivist sense ) .

Any attempt to specify these incentives and disincentives would seem to get us back to something very much like the attempt to specify all possible human pleasures and pains which , as was mentioned in Chapter 1 , was one of Bentham 's less successful utilitarian ventures .
any attempt to [name] these incentives and disincentives would seem to get us back to something very much like the attempt to [name] all possible human pleasures and pains which , as was mentioned in chapter 1 , was one of bentham 's less successful utilitarian ventures .

In these attempts to specify human needs two problems dominate : validating the particular ‘ needs ’ that are specified , and establishing their universality .
in these attempts to [name] human needs two problems dominate : validating the particular ‘ needs ’ that are specified , and establishing their universality .

In one case , the High Court turned down a complaint that an authority failed to provide unstressful transport for a child because regulations governing ‘ statementing ’ do not require an authority to specify that there should be non-stressful transport .
in one case , the high court turned down a complaint that an authority failed to provide unstressful transport for a child because regulations governing ‘ statementing ’ do not require an authority to [name] that there should be non-stressful transport .

It might be thought that so long as one asserted the local sign theory only in principle ( that is , did not specify the precise nature of the ‘ feeling ’ or ‘ colouring ’ which is supposed to subserve localisation ) , one could rely on the testimony of introspection for one 's theory to be confirmed .
it might be thought that so long as one asserted the local sign theory only in principle ( that is , did not [name] the precise nature of the ‘ feeling ’ or ‘ colouring ’ which is supposed to subserve localisation ) , one could rely on the testimony of introspection for one 's theory to be confirmed .

In fact , no calculations were published which attempted to measure the precise costs or specify the benefits to be derived from an ageing population .
in fact , no calculations were published which attempted to measure the precise costs or [name] the benefits to be derived from an ageing population .

Unlike the history of panel paintings , actual contracts between illuminator and patron are rare , and separate orders for illustrations very vague : ‘ such as Guillaume wishes and will specify ’ ( 1398 ) , for example .
unlike the history of panel paintings , actual contracts between illuminator and patron are rare , and separate orders for illustrations very vague : ‘ such as guillaume wishes and will [name] ’ ( 1398 ) , for example .

If you are also thinking of replacing your heating system , having better standards of insulation may also mean that you can specify a less powerful ( and less expensive ) boiler .
if you are also thinking of replacing your heating system , having better standards of insulation may also mean that you can [name] a less powerful ( and less expensive ) boiler .

Now that the Building Regulations no longer specify minimum ceiling heights in habitable rooms , this is unlikely to cause headroom problems , and it is a simple matter to fit new ceiling joists across the room , supported on joist hangers , and to fit a new plaster board ceiling once the insulation and vapour barrier are in place .
now that the building regulations no longer [name] minimum ceiling heights in habitable rooms , this is unlikely to cause headroom problems , and it is a simple matter to fit new ceiling joists across the room , supported on joist hangers , and to fit a new plaster board ceiling once the insulation and vapour barrier are in place .

Education is the ultimate form of skill training where no attempt is made to specify the particular purposes for which the skills might be utilised .
education is the ultimate form of skill training where no attempt is made to [name] the particular purposes for which the skills might be utilised .

We did not specify lists of terms and concepts which should be taught .
we did not [name] lists of terms and concepts which should be taught .

Some readers expected us to specify sets of standard terminology about language .
some readers expected us to [name] sets of standard terminology about language .

The Government proposes that where a pupil has a statement of special [ educational ] needs under the 1981 Education Act , the statement should specify any National Curriculum requirements which should not apply or should be modified for that individual pupil .
the government proposes that where a pupil has a statement of special [ educational ] needs under the 1981 education act , the statement should [name] any national curriculum requirements which should not apply or should be modified for that individual pupil .

You may need to specify the number of tap holes it has : two for pillar taps , one for a ‘ monobloc ’ .
you may need to [name] the number of tap holes it has : two for pillar taps , one for a ‘ monobloc ’ .

The Distributor may specify the standard and format of these copy masters and will return the copy masters to the Publisher 's appointed representative at all times when they are not being used for the reproduction of licenced copies .
the distributor may [name] the standard and format of these copy masters and will return the copy masters to the publisher 's appointed representative at all times when they are not being used for the reproduction of licenced copies .

The Distributor may specify the standard and format of these copy masters and will return the copy masters to the Publisher 's appointed representative at all times when they are not being used for the reproduction of licenced copies .
the distributor may [name] the standard and format of these copy masters and will return the copy masters to the publisher 's appointed representative at all times when they are not being used for the reproduction of licenced copies .

Any Party wishing to make any such publication or disclosure shall in requesting such consent submit details of the intended publication or disclosure to the Chairman of the Project Committee and may specify a reasonable time within which consent is to be given .
any party wishing to make any such publication or disclosure shall in requesting such consent submit details of the intended publication or disclosure to the chairman of the project committee and may [name] a reasonable time within which consent is to be given .

to specify with us the total production team required whose terms and conditions of employment will , however , be our responsibility ;
to [name] with us the total production team required whose terms and conditions of employment will , however , be our responsibility ;

to specify with us the total production team required whose terms and conditions of employment will , however , be our responsibility ;
to [name] with us the total production team required whose terms and conditions of employment will , however , be our responsibility ;

to specify with us the total production team required whose terms and conditions of employment will , however , be our responsibility ;
to [name] with us the total production team required whose terms and conditions of employment will , however , be our responsibility ;

This was , in fact , the same scale of values that initiated the work , since wealthy patrons were at liberty to specify the number of historiations and miniatures and paid accordingly .
this was , in fact , the same scale of values that initiated the work , since wealthy patrons were at liberty to [name] the number of historiations and miniatures and paid accordingly .

But generalizations can be aided by constructing what Weber termed ideal types , mental constructs which specify the theoretically significant aspects of phenomena .
but generalizations can be aided by constructing what weber termed ideal types , mental constructs which [name] the theoretically significant aspects of phenomena .

Specify capitalism 's needs at any time and the structure of state organization is explained — except of course in periods of acute crisis .
[name] capitalism 's needs at any time and the structure of state organization is explained — except of course in periods of acute crisis .

The idea is that we may know that some pleasures or pains have a generally high or low degree of purity or fecundity without its being practicable on a particular occasion to specify and evaluate specifically the precise further pleasures or pains which are likely to ensue from them .
the idea is that we may know that some pleasures or pains have a generally high or low degree of purity or fecundity without its being practicable on a particular occasion to [name] and evaluate specifically the precise further pleasures or pains which are likely to ensue from them .

We can now say that the meaning of an individual word is valuational to the extent that its prime role is to make the statements in which it occurs express certain attitudes , and that it is descriptive if its prime role is to specify the content either of the belief or of the attitude which sentences in which it occurs express .
we can now say that the meaning of an individual word is valuational to the extent that its prime role is to make the statements in which it occurs express certain attitudes , and that it is descriptive if its prime role is to [name] the content either of the belief or of the attitude which sentences in which it occurs express .

Some Cultural Studies writers , however , despair of being able to specify this relationship at all .
some cultural studies writers , however , despair of being able to [name] this relationship at all .

The treason charges against the 18 did not specify the dates , location or nature of the treasonable acts they are alleged to have committed .
the treason charges against the 18 did not [name] the dates , location or nature of the treasonable acts they are alleged to have committed .

One has to specify what class of possible curved spaces should be included in the sum over histories .
one has to [name] what class of possible curved spaces should be included in the sum over histories .

For example , suppose that a government wishes to sell off , once and for all , the mineral rights on a tract of land and invites sealed bids which will specify required acreage and a price per acre .
for example , suppose that a government wishes to sell off , once and for all , the mineral rights on a tract of land and invites sealed bids which will [name] required acreage and a price per acre .

Or a manufacturer could specify minimum quantity ( quantity forcing ) , or details of service and demonstration facilities , or quality criteria ( e.g .
or a manufacturer could [name] minimum quantity ( quantity forcing ) , or details of service and demonstration facilities , or quality criteria ( e.g .

It may sometimes be necessary or desirable in certain contexts to specify plurality or duality in languages which do not normally specify such information because they do not have a category of number or a dual form .
it may sometimes be necessary or desirable in certain contexts to [name] plurality or duality in languages which do not normally [name] such information because they do not have a category of number or a dual form .

Although languages differ in the extent to which they regularly specify the gender of human referents ( cf .
although languages differ in the extent to which they regularly [name] the gender of human referents ( cf .

In some languages , it is obligatory to specify more unusual types of temporal and aspectual relations .
in some languages , it is obligatory to [name] more unusual types of temporal and aspectual relations .

As we shall see , it is often difficult to specify ‘ relevant environments ’ and , even more fundamentally , to define the input to a given variable ; Labov 's suggestion that it might sometimes not be possible to define variables as a closed set of variants is particularly relevant to syntactic variation ( see chapter 7 ) .
as we shall see , it is often difficult to [name] ‘ relevant environments ’ and , even more fundamentally , to define the input to a given variable ; labov 's suggestion that it might sometimes not be possible to define variables as a closed set of variants is particularly relevant to syntactic variation ( see chapter 7 ) .

Subrules 1a and 1b specify that in monomorphemic monosyllables ( o ) will be realized as a raised and lengthened variant before a voiceless fricative occurring either alone or in a cluster ; alternatively , it will be raised and lengthened before any voiced consonant either alone or in a cluster .
subrules 1a and 1b [name] that in monomorphemic monosyllables ( o ) will be realized as a raised and lengthened variant before a voiceless fricative occurring either alone or in a cluster ; alternatively , it will be raised and lengthened before any voiced consonant either alone or in a cluster .

As his comments show , failure to specify with reasonable accuracy the input to any proposed variable is likely to obscure existing patterns of variation between speakers ;
as his comments show , failure to [name] with reasonable accuracy the input to any proposed variable is likely to obscure existing patterns of variation between speakers ;

1.1 ) , we still can not specify this rule as categorical with the same confidence as we can define a constraint on a phonological variable .
1.1 ) , we still can not [name] this rule as categorical with the same confidence as we can define a constraint on a phonological variable .

Nor are problems of this kind peculiar to the Belfast concord variable ; similar indeterminacies are , for example , associated with attempts to specify the precise environments in which the zero form of the relative pronoun can occur .
nor are problems of this kind peculiar to the belfast concord variable ; similar indeterminacies are , for example , associated with attempts to [name] the precise environments in which the zero form of the relative pronoun can occur .

be used as equivalent ways of doing or saying the same thing ) ; for this reason it is sometimes difficult to specify a principled way of knowing where to stop counting particular forms as variants of a variable .
be used as equivalent ways of doing or saying the same thing ) ; for this reason it is sometimes difficult to [name] a principled way of knowing where to stop counting particular forms as variants of a variable .

The enterprise of attempting to specify exhaustively the range of possible surface variants of a variable is thus argued to be irrelevant to a satisfying and explanatory account of syntactic variation .
the enterprise of attempting to [name] exhaustively the range of possible surface variants of a variable is thus argued to be irrelevant to a satisfying and explanatory account of syntactic variation .

However , since on can alternate also with first and third person pronouns , which like their second person counterparts can also have definite reference , it is not particularly easy to specify tokens of the alternative class ( see Laberge and Sankoff 1980 : 272ff for a large number of examples ) .
however , since on can alternate also with first and third person pronouns , which like their second person counterparts can also have definite reference , it is not particularly easy to [name] tokens of the alternative class ( see laberge and sankoff 1980 : 272ff for a large number of examples ) .

Pausanias goes on to talk of stories of Theseus 's end ; irrelevantly , it seems , but it has often been thought that the subject must have been suggested by a fourth mural which he does not specify .
pausanias goes on to talk of stories of theseus 's end ; irrelevantly , it seems , but it has often been thought that the subject must have been suggested by a fourth mural which he does not [name] .

Pausanias calls the heroes to either side of him ( he does not specify right and left here ) the Lapith Kaineus and Theseus with an axe .
pausanias calls the heroes to either side of him ( he does not [name] right and left here ) the lapith kaineus and theseus with an axe .

But in its more extended and generalized uses it can become remarkably similar to the ‘ informing spirit ’ of idealist cultural theories , and this can still be so when it offers ( but does not include or specify ) a ‘ last instance ’ referral to the economy or to the mode of production .
but in its more extended and generalized uses it can become remarkably similar to the ‘ informing spirit ’ of idealist cultural theories , and this can still be so when it offers ( but does not include or [name] ) a ‘ last instance ’ referral to the economy or to the mode of production .

But because it operates only at the level of ideas , without any attempt to specify why particular ideas are held in particular societies at particular times , other than by reference to other ideas , interactionist social psychology can only describe peoples ' beliefs , not explain them .
but because it operates only at the level of ideas , without any attempt to [name] why particular ideas are held in particular societies at particular times , other than by reference to other ideas , interactionist social psychology can only describe peoples ' beliefs , not explain them .

This corresponds with the concept of profit maximisation that has so far been employed above , save that the latter concept contains an ambiguity about time-scale : it does not specify the period over which profits are to be maximised .
this corresponds with the concept of profit maximisation that has so far been employed above , save that the latter concept contains an ambiguity about time-scale : it does not [name] the period over which profits are to be maximised .

In this case the user only needs to specify the bucket size required from the alternatives provided , as the formatting and addressing have already been carried out by the manufacturer .
in this case the user only needs to [name] the bucket size required from the alternatives provided , as the formatting and addressing have already been carried out by the manufacturer .

This will specify some feature or features possession of which by a suggested rule is taken as a conclusive affirmative indication that it is a rule of the group to be supported by the social pressure it exerts .
this will [name] some feature or features possession of which by a suggested rule is taken as a conclusive affirmative indication that it is a rule of the group to be supported by the social pressure it exerts .

It is for the organist , or some other responsible person , to exercise control over the use of the organ by other people , and to specify any conditions attached .
it is for the organist , or some other responsible person , to exercise control over the use of the organ by other people , and to [name] any conditions attached .

As there is probably a large number of variables that might be socially interesting , it is necessary to select a representative sub-sample of different types of variable in a well-motivated way , and to specify the range of potential linguistic variation that lexical items in these sets may undergo .
as there is probably a large number of variables that might be socially interesting , it is necessary to select a representative sub-sample of different types of variable in a well-motivated way , and to [name] the range of potential linguistic variation that lexical items in these sets may undergo .

’ But the designer is careful not to specify exactly what will and will not upset others .
’ but the designer is careful not to [name] exactly what will and will not upset others .

They do relate this to the capitalist character of industry , and to the market economy , but the restructuring school would argue that the implication of this is that it is important to specify the particular capitalist nature of industry .
they do relate this to the capitalist character of industry , and to the market economy , but the restructuring school would argue that the implication of this is that it is important to [name] the particular capitalist nature of industry .

An important task of the project manager is to break down the project into independent activities , to specify what shall be done and when the work must be finished , and to make agreements with functional managers about their contributions .
an important task of the project manager is to break down the project into independent activities , to [name] what shall be done and when the work must be finished , and to make agreements with functional managers about their contributions .

It goes on to specify a duty to take action ‘ necessary or expedient … for the purpose of conserving , redistributing or otherwise augmenting water resources ’ and ‘ securing proper use of water resources ’ ( s.10 ) .
it goes on to [name] a duty to take action ‘ necessary or expedient … for the purpose of conserving , redistributing or otherwise augmenting water resources ’ and ‘ securing proper use of water resources ’ ( s.10 ) .

First of all , it is generally possible to specify a selector and a selectee in a construction in which co-occurrence restrictions are operating .
first of all , it is generally possible to [name] a selector and a selectee in a construction in which co-occurrence restrictions are operating .

Competency-based teacher education — the requiring of teacher education institutions to specify and demonstrate what each teacher is expected to be able to do as a result of his/her training ;
competency-based teacher education — the requiring of teacher education institutions to [name] and demonstrate what each teacher is expected to be able to do as a result of his/her training ;

Popham , 1967 ) to emphasise the need to specify aims and objectives in precise behavioural terms .
popham , 1967 ) to emphasise the need to [name] aims and objectives in precise behavioural terms .

In the past it seems a lot went further and either provided the workers with documentation of their relationship which labelled them as employees or , and contrary to the requirements of the Employment Agencies Act , failed to specify that they were not .
in the past it seems a lot went further and either provided the workers with documentation of their relationship which labelled them as employees or , and contrary to the requirements of the employment agencies act , failed to [name] that they were not .

If we can not specify temporary workers in general , at least we can do so in particular , From the literature we were able to identify 11 categories of worker referred to as temporary workers .
if we can not [name] temporary workers in general , at least we can do so in particular , from the literature we were able to identify 11 categories of worker referred to as temporary workers .

Whilst the desired output and constraints can be specified in both the secondary and tertiary activities , it is extremely difficult at times to specify the form of the output required in the primary stage and even more difficult to attempt to quantify it .
whilst the desired output and constraints can be specified in both the secondary and tertiary activities , it is extremely difficult at times to [name] the form of the output required in the primary stage and even more difficult to attempt to quantify it .

This developing insight should allow the designer to specify the design problem , and choose when to apply a modular approach or an optimizing approach at later stages in the design process .
this developing insight should allow the designer to [name] the design problem , and choose when to apply a modular approach or an optimizing approach at later stages in the design process .

Such procedures of space definition can thus be employed to search for or specify general or specific relationships between associating spaces .
such procedures of space definition can thus be employed to search for or [name] general or specific relationships between associating spaces .

The function is retained as relationships , existing in the intersection between domains that specify the geometric requirements , either directly by rules or indirectly through a controlling set of programs .
the function is retained as relationships , existing in the intersection between domains that [name] the geometric requirements , either directly by rules or indirectly through a controlling set of programs .

As the spatial file contains all the geometric relationships necessary to specify the body , this can be used to generate any pictorial view .
as the spatial file contains all the geometric relationships necessary to [name] the body , this can be used to generate any pictorial view .

The audit report should specify the standards which have been followed during the audit .
the audit report should [name] the standards which have been followed during the audit .

The audit report should specify the standards which have been followed during the audit .
the audit report should [name] the standards which have been followed during the audit .

It is impossible from purely behavioural experiments conducted with neurologically intact subjects to specify with any accuracy the locus in the brain of those neural events which intervene between presentation of a stimulus and the occurrence of some response .
it is impossible from purely behavioural experiments conducted with neurologically intact subjects to [name] with any accuracy the locus in the brain of those neural events which intervene between presentation of a stimulus and the occurrence of some response .

If as part of the task you specify the effect the programme is to have on the audience , you are building in the criteria by which that audience can judge the programme and you are giving them a purpose in viewing .
if as part of the task you [name] the effect the programme is to have on the audience , you are building in the criteria by which that audience can judge the programme and you are giving them a purpose in viewing .

In order to apply the test it is obviously necessary to get the designers of the material to specify from the beginning what the purpose of the recording is .
in order to apply the test it is obviously necessary to get the designers of the material to [name] from the beginning what the purpose of the recording is .

For it is very difficult to specify just how falsifiable a single theory is .
for it is very difficult to [name] just how falsifiable a single theory is .

First , planners are often blamed , because they may frequently specify the styles and building materials with which new houses should be built , ‘ in keeping ’ with existing structures ( Blacksell and Gilg 1981 ) .
first , planners are often blamed , because they may frequently [name] the styles and building materials with which new houses should be built , ‘ in keeping ’ with existing structures ( blacksell and gilg 1981 ) .

The powers involved were under Section 52 of the 1971 Town and Country Planning Act : however , subsequent intervention in late 1981 by the Secretary of State for the Environment appears to have prevented planners from being able to specify the nature of occupiers of new housing .
the powers involved were under section 52 of the 1971 town and country planning act : however , subsequent intervention in late 1981 by the secretary of state for the environment appears to have prevented planners from being able to [name] the nature of occupiers of new housing .

The judge did not specify the nature of the prejudice .
the judge did not [name] the nature of the prejudice .

Within the dominant traditions of art criticism , the nude , and now we must also specify the female nude , has been regarded as the ultimate test of artistic skill , the supreme subject for the truly creative artist .
within the dominant traditions of art criticism , the nude , and now we must also [name] the female nude , has been regarded as the ultimate test of artistic skill , the supreme subject for the truly creative artist .

The Medieval church went to some lengths to specify the roles of particular stones in religious imagery .
the medieval church went to some lengths to [name] the roles of particular stones in religious imagery .

One implication of this general equilibrium model is that market volatility is added to stochastic interest rates as an additional reason for being unable to specify the direction of the relationship between forward and futures prices , as discussed in Section 5.3.3 .
one implication of this general equilibrium model is that market volatility is added to stochastic interest rates as an additional reason for being unable to [name] the direction of the relationship between forward and futures prices , as discussed in section 5.3.3 .

It is important , while acknowledging that many policies are made complex and ambiguous by the conflicts within the policy-making process , to recognize that it is intrinsically difficult to specify some policy goals in terms that will render the implementation process quite clear and unambiguous .
it is important , while acknowledging that many policies are made complex and ambiguous by the conflicts within the policy-making process , to recognize that it is intrinsically difficult to [name] some policy goals in terms that will render the implementation process quite clear and unambiguous .

After delving deep through Control key codes you can specify the range of the spreadsheet you wish to link to — support is limited to Lotus 1-2-3 Version 2. x and Excel Version 2. x spreadsheets , which is a trifle ancient .
after delving deep through control key codes you can [name] the range of the spreadsheet you wish to link to — support is limited to lotus 1-2-3 version 2. x and excel version 2. x spreadsheets , which is a trifle ancient .

Then select ‘ Ask you to specify an application ’ which lets you browse for applications .
then select ‘ ask you to [name] an application ’ which lets you browse for applications .

The only big difference in doing it this way is that you do n't get to specify a name or icon for the item .
the only big difference in doing it this way is that you do n't get to [name] a name or icon for the item .

Here , the icon that you specify for a program can come from a different program if you wish .
here , the icon that you [name] for a program can come from a different program if you wish .

But until changes in the registration of women 's occupation were introduced in 1986 there was a major difference between men and women : ‘ At the registration of the death of a child … the instructions to the registrars specify that the occupation … of a woman should not be recorded unless she has been in employment for most of her adult life .
but until changes in the registration of women 's occupation were introduced in 1986 there was a major difference between men and women : ‘ at the registration of the death of a child … the instructions to the registrars [name] that the occupation … of a woman should not be recorded unless she has been in employment for most of her adult life .

When the product or service being exchanged is complex ( as is the case with health care ) , it is either impossible or extremely costly to specify in advance in a written contract every contingency that might affect the transaction .
when the product or service being exchanged is complex ( as is the case with health care ) , it is either impossible or extremely costly to [name] in advance in a written contract every contingency that might affect the transaction .

It is a mere auxiliary verb , a syntactical instrument enabling us to specify what philosophers sometimes used to call the `` essence `` or `` quiddity `` of a thing ; the verb esse , to be , acting in such cases literally as a pointer towards essentia .
it is a mere auxiliary verb , a syntactical instrument enabling us to [name] what philosophers sometimes used to call the `` essence `` or `` quiddity `` of a thing ; the verb esse , to be , acting in such cases literally as a pointer towards essentia .

’ The Report failed to specify the conditions under which the past experience of the few might be safe ground on which to shape the future experience of every child and teacher in the country .
’ the report failed to [name] the conditions under which the past experience of the few might be safe ground on which to shape the future experience of every child and teacher in the country .

Section 17 allows the Secretary of State to specify ‘ cases and circumstances ’ under which the National Curriculum will not apply , or will be modified for a child .
section 17 allows the secretary of state to [name] ‘ cases and circumstances ’ under which the national curriculum will not apply , or will be modified for a child .

If we could precisely specify and conclusively verify every member of the set of observation statements which together make up the meaning of a non-observation statement , that non-observation statement would , in accordance with the verification principle , have its own determinate meaning and in certain circumstances be determinately true or determinately false .
if we could precisely [name] and conclusively verify every member of the set of observation statements which together make up the meaning of a non-observation statement , that non-observation statement would , in accordance with the verification principle , have its own determinate meaning and in certain circumstances be determinately true or determinately false .

His attempts failed , and he came to the conclusion that the best that could be achieved was to specify , so far as one could , which observation statements were implied by which non-observation statements ( see the preface to Carnap , 1967 , and Quine , 1969 , p. 77 ) .
his attempts failed , and he came to the conclusion that the best that could be achieved was to [name] , so far as one could , which observation statements were implied by which non-observation statements ( see the preface to carnap , 1967 , and quine , 1969 , p. 77 ) .

But if all we can do , in our attempts to specify the meaning of a non-observation statement , is to state some implications of that statement at the observational level , it seems that there will always be some aspects of that statement 's meaning which will escape us and remain unspecified .
but if all we can do , in our attempts to [name] the meaning of a non-observation statement , is to state some implications of that statement at the observational level , it seems that there will always be some aspects of that statement 's meaning which will escape us and remain unspecified .

He argues that we can not hope even to specify observation sentences which are consequences of given non-observation sentences .
he argues that we can not hope even to [name] observation sentences which are consequences of given non-observation sentences .

If we accept Jakobson 's and Hymes ' , or any similar , categorization of language into a small number of macro-functions , we might then go on to subdivide each function and specify more delicate categories , or microfunctions .
if we accept jakobson 's and hymes ' , or any similar , categorization of language into a small number of macro-functions , we might then go on to subdivide each function and [name] more delicate categories , or microfunctions .

Writing or speaking tasks which do not clearly specify the receiver make even native-speaking students tongue-tied , and not surprisingly , for we simply do not talk or write into vacuums .
writing or speaking tasks which do not clearly [name] the receiver make even native-speaking students tongue-tied , and not surprisingly , for we simply do not talk or write into vacuums .

There is , it is true , growing acknowledgement of the need to specify senders and receivers for students .
there is , it is true , growing acknowledgement of the need to [name] senders and receivers for students .

First of all , it is of course essential to give the students specific information about the receiver ( s ) , and indeed we can specify different receivers for different students .
first of all , it is of course essential to give the students specific information about the receiver ( s ) , and indeed we can [name] different receivers for different students .

Precis , however , does not specify particular receivers or adjust the information content to them .
precis , however , does not [name] particular receivers or adjust the information content to them .

For each change , can you specify receivers with particular knowledge or lack of it for whom the new use would be correct ?
for each change , can you [name] receivers with particular knowledge or lack of it for whom the new use would be correct ?

If we are to begin to consider the second part of this question seriously we need to be able to specify what are the ‘ relevant facts of the context of utterance ’ . The same problem is raised by Fillmore ( 1977 : 119 ) when he advocates a methodology to which a discourse analyst may often wish to appeal :
if we are to begin to consider the second part of this question seriously we need to be able to [name] what are the ‘ relevant facts of the context of utterance ’ . the same problem is raised by fillmore ( 1977 : 119 ) when he advocates a methodology to which a discourse analyst may often wish to appeal :

Just as the phonetician may wish to make a more detailed , more specific description of the [ b ] under consideration , for example mentioning delayed onset of voicing and some protrusion of the lips during the period of closure , so may the ethnographer wish to specify some of the contextual features in great detail .
just as the phonetician may wish to make a more detailed , more specific description of the [ b ] under consideration , for example mentioning delayed onset of voicing and some protrusion of the lips during the period of closure , so may the ethnographer wish to [name] some of the contextual features in great detail .

He would begin , presumably , by noting the larger-scale features of context : what channel is being used ( we shall say speech ) , what language code is being used ( we shall specify it is English ) , what message-form is being performed ( we shall specify it is conversation ) , what event is it embedded in ( we shall specify it is part of an interview ) .
he would begin , presumably , by noting the larger-scale features of context : what channel is being used ( we shall say speech ) , what language code is being used ( we shall [name] it is english ) , what message-form is being performed ( we shall [name] it is conversation ) , what event is it embedded in ( we shall [name] it is part of an interview ) .

Every actual utterance is spatiotemporally unique , being spoken or written at a particular place and at a particular time ; and provided that there is some standard system for identifying points in space and time , we can , in principle , specify the actual spatiotemporal situation of any utterance act .
every actual utterance is spatiotemporally unique , being spoken or written at a particular place and at a particular time ; and provided that there is some standard system for identifying points in space and time , we can , in principle , [name] the actual spatiotemporal situation of any utterance act .

It would be possible to specify the time of an utterance as stretching between say 9.33 a.m. and 9.34 a.m. on 5 June 1961 , specifying the utterance in terms of clock and calendar time , good standard systems .
it would be possible to [name] the time of an utterance as stretching between say 9.33 a.m. and 9.34 a.m. on 5 june 1961 , specifying the utterance in terms of clock and calendar time , good standard systems .

We could , then , presumably , if we had the relevant instrumentation , specify the place of the utterance in terms of a fine interaction of latitude and longitude .
we could , then , presumably , if we had the relevant instrumentation , [name] the place of the utterance in terms of a fine interaction of latitude and longitude .

What does it mean to specify , for instance , the indicated object co-ordinate ?
what does it mean to [name] , for instance , the indicated object co-ordinate ?

Eventually , it should also be possible to specify those markers of ‘ topic-shift ’ which occur in all forms of written discourse .
eventually , it should also be possible to [name] those markers of ‘ topic-shift ’ which occur in all forms of written discourse .

Any position in the robot 's reach can be described by its two images in the cameras ' fields of view . We can specify a point by saying what its coordinates are in the first field of view
any position in the robot 's reach can be described by its two images in the cameras ' fields of view . we can [name] a point by saying what its coordinates are in the first field of view

Section 61 of the Criminal Justice Act 1967 does not specify any procedure by which the Secretary of State should decide whether and when to release a prisoner serving a life sentence .
section 61 of the criminal justice act 1967 does not [name] any procedure by which the secretary of state should decide whether and when to release a prisoner serving a life sentence .

’ The Act of 1967 does not specify at what stage , or how often or in what form the consultation is to take place , but the subsection implies that it should be after the Secretary of State has received the recommendation of the Parole Board .
’ the act of 1967 does not [name] at what stage , or how often or in what form the consultation is to take place , but the subsection implies that it should be after the secretary of state has received the recommendation of the parole board .

As is indicated above the judge must specify the sum to be disallowed or ordered .
as is indicated above the judge must [name] the sum to be disallowed or ordered .

If the law is to imply an obligation to hear representations , then it must also specify with precision to whom that obligation is owed .
if the law is to imply an obligation to hear representations , then it must also [name] with precision to whom that obligation is owed .

If the law is to imply an obligation to hear representations , then it must also specify with precision to whom that obligation is owed .
if the law is to imply an obligation to hear representations , then it must also [name] with precision to whom that obligation is owed .

‘ The Bank may — ( a ) by notice in writing served on an authorised institution require it to produce , within such time and at such place as may be specified in the notice , such document or documents of such description as may be so specified ; ( b ) authorise an officer , servant or agent of the Bank , on producing evidence of his authority , to require any such institution to provide him forthwith with such information , or to produce to him forthwith such documents , as he may specify , being such information or documents as the Bank may reasonably require for the performance of its functions under this Act .
‘ the bank may — ( a ) by notice in writing served on an authorised institution require it to produce , within such time and at such place as may be specified in the notice , such document or documents of such description as may be so specified ; ( b ) authorise an officer , servant or agent of the bank , on producing evidence of his authority , to require any such institution to provide him forthwith with such information , or to produce to him forthwith such documents , as he may [name] , being such information or documents as the bank may reasonably require for the performance of its functions under this act .

If the creditor holds any security , he must specify the nature and value of the security and the demand must be for the unsecured portion of the creditor 's claim only .
if the creditor holds any security , he must [name] the nature and value of the security and the demand must be for the unsecured portion of the creditor 's claim only .

The demand must also specify someone with whom the debtor can communicate with a view to securing or compounding for the debt to the creditor 's satisfaction or , as the case may be , establishing to the creditor 's satisfaction that there is a reasonable prospect that the debt will be paid when it falls due .
the demand must also [name] someone with whom the debtor can communicate with a view to securing or compounding for the debt to the creditor 's satisfaction or , as the case may be , establishing to the creditor 's satisfaction that there is a reasonable prospect that the debt will be paid when it falls due .

The list must specify the names and addresses of the creditors concerned , the amount of their debts and whether they support or oppose the petition .
the list must [name] the names and addresses of the creditors concerned , the amount of their debts and whether they support or oppose the petition .

An application for annulment of a bankruptcy order must specify on which of the two alternative grounds in s 282 ( 1 ) it is made and in either case must be supported by an affidavit ( r 6.206 ) .
an application for annulment of a bankruptcy order must [name] on which of the two alternative grounds in s 282 ( 1 ) it is made and in either case must be supported by an affidavit ( r 6.206 ) .

Sails and spinnaker gear are not included in the basic specification because J-Boats are convinced that the racing owner will wish to specify his own sail wardrobe .
sails and spinnaker gear are not included in the basic specification because j-boats are convinced that the racing owner will wish to [name] his own sail wardrobe .

The doctor has written ‘ three times a day ’ but many doctors use abbreviations of Latin words to specify dosage .
the doctor has written ‘ three times a day ’ but many doctors use abbreviations of latin words to [name] dosage .

( 2 ) In relation to each application for a new licence , the list mentioned in subsection ( 1 ) above shall specify the name , designation and address of the applicant ; in the case of an application to which section 11 of this Act applies , the names , designations and addresses of both persons named in the application ; the address of the premises in respect of which the licence in desired ; the type of licence for which application is made ; the first day of the meeting of the licensing board at which the application is to be considered .
( 2 ) in relation to each application for a new licence , the list mentioned in subsection ( 1 ) above shall [name] the name , designation and address of the applicant ; in the case of an application to which section 11 of this act applies , the names , designations and addresses of both persons named in the application ; the address of the premises in respect of which the licence in desired ; the type of licence for which application is made ; the first day of the meeting of the licensing board at which the application is to be considered .

( 3 ) In relation to each application for the regular extension of permitted hours , the list mentioned in subsection ( 1 ) above shall specify ( a ) the name , designation and address of the applicant ; ( b ) the address of the premises in respect of which the application is made and the type of licence held in respect of those premises ; the nature of the extension of hours for which application is made ; the first day of the meeting of the licensing board at which the application is to be considered .
( 3 ) in relation to each application for the regular extension of permitted hours , the list mentioned in subsection ( 1 ) above shall [name] ( a ) the name , designation and address of the applicant ; ( b ) the address of the premises in respect of which the application is made and the type of licence held in respect of those premises ; the nature of the extension of hours for which application is made ; the first day of the meeting of the licensing board at which the application is to be considered .

( 2 ) Where a competent objector desires to object in relation to any application , he shall , not later than seven days before the meeting of the licensing board at which the application is to be considered : ( a ) lodge with the clerk of the board a written notice of objection which be signed by the objector or his agent and shall specify the grounds of his objection and ( b ) intimate his objection to the applicant in the manner provided by subsection ( 3 ) below , and an objection shall not be entertained by the licensing board unless it is proved or admitted that such objection was intimated to the applicant as aforesaid .
( 2 ) where a competent objector desires to object in relation to any application , he shall , not later than seven days before the meeting of the licensing board at which the application is to be considered : ( a ) lodge with the clerk of the board a written notice of objection which be signed by the objector or his agent and shall [name] the grounds of his objection and ( b ) intimate his objection to the applicant in the manner provided by subsection ( 3 ) below , and an objection shall not be entertained by the licensing board unless it is proved or admitted that such objection was intimated to the applicant as aforesaid .

( 3 ) Where after a hearing under this section a licensing board is satisfied as to any one or more of the matters mentioned in subsection ( 1 ) above , the board may order the closure of the licensed premises and any such order shall specify the matters on which the order is based .
( 3 ) where after a hearing under this section a licensing board is satisfied as to any one or more of the matters mentioned in subsection ( 1 ) above , the board may order the closure of the licensed premises and any such order shall [name] the matters on which the order is based .

( 7 ) An application for an occasional licence under this section shall be made in writing to the clerk of the licensing board and shall specify the name and address of the applicant , the premises or place and occasion for which the licence is required , and the hours and period for which the licence is requested .
( 7 ) an application for an occasional licence under this section shall be made in writing to the clerk of the licensing board and shall [name] the name and address of the applicant , the premises or place and occasion for which the licence is required , and the hours and period for which the licence is requested .

( 4 ) If the holder of a licence makes default in complying with an order made under this section , the licensing board may order the suspension of his licence and any such order shall specify the matters on which the order is based .
( 4 ) if the holder of a licence makes default in complying with an order made under this section , the licensing board may order the suspension of his licence and any such order shall [name] the matters on which the order is based .

( 7 ) On remitting a case to a licensing board under subsection ( 6 ) above , the sheriff may : ( a ) specify a date by which the rehearing by the board must take place ; modify any procedural steps which otherwise would be required in relation to the matter by or under any enactment ; and any decision of a licensing board on any such case shall be valid as if reached at a quarterly meeting as mentioned in section 4(1) ( a ) of this Act .
( 7 ) on remitting a case to a licensing board under subsection ( 6 ) above , the sheriff may : ( a ) [name] a date by which the rehearing by the board must take place ; modify any procedural steps which otherwise would be required in relation to the matter by or under any enactment ; and any decision of a licensing board on any such case shall be valid as if reached at a quarterly meeting as mentioned in section 4(1) ( a ) of this act .

( 6 ) ( a ) ) ; ( ii ) specify the date from which the section is to apply ( subs .
( 6 ) ( a ) ) ; ( ii ) [name] the date from which the section is to apply ( subs .

His title-pages specify that his songs may not only be sung but also played ‘ on all sorts of instruments ’ ( auff allerley Instrumenten zu brauchen ) ; indeed the non-tenor parts are often obviously instrumental , as in Senfl 's ‘ Wol kumpt der May ’ in Ott 's 121 .
his title-pages [name] that his songs may not only be sung but also played ‘ on all sorts of instruments ’ ( auff allerley instrumenten zu brauchen ) ; indeed the non-tenor parts are often obviously instrumental , as in senfl 's ‘ wol kumpt der may ’ in ott 's 121 .

Plan availability of machines , specify jigs , tools etc .
plan availability of machines , [name] jigs , tools etc .

These protocols specify the percentage reductions of emissions required from the total emitted by the nation during a specified baseline year .
these protocols [name] the percentage reductions of emissions required from the total emitted by the nation during a specified baseline year .

This should specify the amounts payable for particular posts and all councillors holding posts stipulated in the scheme should be entitled to claim the amount specified .
this should [name] the amounts payable for particular posts and all councillors holding posts stipulated in the scheme should be entitled to claim the amount specified .

The 1988 Local Government Act also sought to extend the privatization or contracting-out of local authority services by empowering the Secretary of State to specify by regulation local services which must be put out to tender .
the 1988 local government act also sought to extend the privatization or contracting-out of local authority services by empowering the secretary of state to [name] by regulation local services which must be put out to tender .

Whether this ethic is actually held by the individual peasants concerned is irrelevant ; presumably they would be unable to specify the grounds for their own actions in this way , but what matters is that their behaviour actually appears to follow this rule , and this has to be sufficient explanation .
whether this ethic is actually held by the individual peasants concerned is irrelevant ; presumably they would be unable to [name] the grounds for their own actions in this way , but what matters is that their behaviour actually appears to follow this rule , and this has to be sufficient explanation .

Hospitals and community units have to say exactly what they can do in a year , and districts and GPs can specify the quality criteria and kinds of service they want .
hospitals and community units have to say exactly what they can do in a year , and districts and gps can [name] the quality criteria and kinds of service they want .

Though the Act did not specify what form the consultation should take , Home Office guidelines were issued recommending the establishment of police consultative committees .
though the act did not [name] what form the consultation should take , home office guidelines were issued recommending the establishment of police consultative committees .

If you want to stick to the variable rate , make sure you specify at the start of the loan .
if you want to stick to the variable rate , make sure you [name] at the start of the loan .

Other ( please specify )
other ( please [name] )

Other ( please specify )
other ( please [name] )

Other ( please specify )
other ( please [name] )

To obtain one , send a donation to Oxford Preservation Trust and specify ‘ Restored Baluster Birdtable ’ .
to obtain one , send a donation to oxford preservation trust and [name] ‘ restored baluster birdtable ’ .

Other ( please specify )
other ( please [name] )

Other ( please specify )
other ( please [name] )

If on the other hand you specify the languages in advance , you may be leaving out a language group in which there are people who want to train that you did not know of .
if on the other hand you [name] the languages in advance , you may be leaving out a language group in which there are people who want to train that you did not know of .

His theory required him to specify a reason why the human branch of the evolutionary tree had advanced so much further than those which led to the living apes .
his theory required him to [name] a reason why the human branch of the evolutionary tree had advanced so much further than those which led to the living apes .

Most of the bureau do n't supply order forms — most of their work comes in on spec — and so it is very much up to the customer to specify what is required .
most of the bureau do n't supply order forms — most of their work comes in on spec — and so it is very much up to the customer to [name] what is required .

All the major transformation tools now have accompanying dialogue boxes that allow the user to specify exactly the numerical value of the transformation ; be it shearing , rotating or enlarging .
all the major transformation tools now have accompanying dialogue boxes that allow the user to [name] exactly the numerical value of the transformation ; be it shearing , rotating or enlarging .

It is possible to specify the various style elements within the word processor file so making the document generation process almost automatic .
it is possible to [name] the various style elements within the word processor file so making the document generation process almost automatic .

Here , operational procedures have to be set down in advance in order to specify areas of accountability and standards of performance ; there must be a monitoring system to feed back information on performance to the right authority centres , and arrangements to correct operational activity in the light of any shortcomings .
here , operational procedures have to be set down in advance in order to [name] areas of accountability and standards of performance ; there must be a monitoring system to feed back information on performance to the right authority centres , and arrangements to correct operational activity in the light of any shortcomings .

Old Welsh laws , quoted by Seebohm , specify how the strips of plough-land were to be measured — in some provinces — with a rod equal in ‘ length to the long-yoke used in ploughing with four oxen abreast ’ .
old welsh laws , quoted by seebohm , [name] how the strips of plough-land were to be measured — in some provinces — with a rod equal in ‘ length to the long-yoke used in ploughing with four oxen abreast ’ .

The terms of the grant would most typically specify precisely which expenditure qualified for grant and that any underspending had to be relinquished to the Government .
the terms of the grant would most typically [name] precisely which expenditure qualified for grant and that any underspending had to be relinquished to the government .

Under uniform accounting , the rules will specify , for example , that a given vehicle will be depreciated on a straight-line basis over seven years throughout a particular industry .
under uniform accounting , the rules will [name] , for example , that a given vehicle will be depreciated on a straight-line basis over seven years throughout a particular industry .

Thus a sequence of observations will specify magnitudes of fluxes ( q t ) or successive states of a system parameter ( x t ) .
thus a sequence of observations will [name] magnitudes of fluxes ( q t ) or successive states of a system parameter ( x t ) .

Culture will specify the relations that exist within the organisation and define what is to count as legitimate or illegitimate behaviour .
culture will [name] the relations that exist within the organisation and define what is to count as legitimate or illegitimate behaviour .

Another feature of this definition is that it does not specify at what level within the organisation the leader is .
another feature of this definition is that it does not [name] at what level within the organisation the leader is .

The problem with such lists is that they do not specify any order .
the problem with such lists is that they do not [name] any order .

Module descriptions must specify how a module will be assessed in terms of the proportion of examination to coursework and can only be changed via the internal validation procedure described in Chapter 2 .
module descriptions must [name] how a module will be assessed in terms of the proportion of examination to coursework and can only be changed via the internal validation procedure described in chapter 2 .

Staff are also encouraged to specify the amount of time students should spend on different aspects of assessed and non-assessed work .
staff are also encouraged to [name] the amount of time students should spend on different aspects of assessed and non-assessed work .

Unfortunately , the plaintiff must specify the documents believed to be in the possession of the defendant , but the power is still useful in assisting the plaintiff to evaluate the case .
unfortunately , the plaintiff must [name] the documents believed to be in the possession of the defendant , but the power is still useful in assisting the plaintiff to evaluate the case .

The certificate is likely to specify the extent of the aid available and will often be limited to the taking of particular steps in the action .
the certificate is likely to [name] the extent of the aid available and will often be limited to the taking of particular steps in the action .

Give an order reference and specify a delivery date .
give an order reference and [name] a delivery date .

However , the statement of reasons is not required to specify the often very numerous and complex matters of fact or law dealt with in legislative measures , provided that those measures fall within the general scheme of the body of measures of which they form part .
however , the statement of reasons is not required to [name] the often very numerous and complex matters of fact or law dealt with in legislative measures , provided that those measures fall within the general scheme of the body of measures of which they form part .

The Council 's Rules of procedure provide that the last Article of a regulation shall specify the commencement date if the date is other than the twentieth day following publication .
the council 's rules of procedure provide that the last article of a regulation shall [name] the commencement date if the date is other than the twentieth day following publication .

There was no need to specify the kind of work that she meant , because both of them knew .
there was no need to [name] the kind of work that she meant , because both of them knew .

In relation to permissions requiring improved conditions , the Secretary of State should specify the types of condition that may be imposed , following review , without attracting compensation . We believe that as well as covering new and upgraded operating , restoration and aftercare conditions , these should include :
in relation to permissions requiring improved conditions , the secretary of state should [name] the types of condition that may be imposed , following review , without attracting compensation . we believe that as well as covering new and upgraded operating , restoration and aftercare conditions , these should include :

the Philippine language Samal ) have demonstratives ( discussed below ) that specify location near other participants — in this case attending but not speaking parties , and present but non-participating parties .
the philippine language samal ) have demonstratives ( discussed below ) that [name] location near other participants — in this case attending but not speaking parties , and present but non-participating parties .

These principles are expressed as follows : ( 13 ) The co-operative principle make your contribution such as is required , at the stage at which it occurs , by the accepted purpose or direction of the talk exchange in which you are engaged ( 14 ) The maxim of Quality try to make your contribution one that is true , specifically : ( i ) do not say what you believe to be false ( ii ) do not say that for which you lack adequate evidence ( 15 ) The maxim of Quantity ( i ) make your contribution as informative as is required for the current purposes of the exchange ( ii ) do not make your contribution more informative than is required ( 16 ) The maxim of Relevance make your contributions relevant ( 17 ) The maxim of Manner be perspicuous , and specifically : ( i ) avoid obscurity ( ii ) avoid ambiguity ( iii ) be brief ( iv ) be orderly In short , these maxims specify what participants have to do in order to converse in a maximally efficient , rational , co-operative way : they should speak sincerely , relevantly and clearly , while providing sufficient information .
these principles are expressed as follows : ( 13 ) the co-operative principle make your contribution such as is required , at the stage at which it occurs , by the accepted purpose or direction of the talk exchange in which you are engaged ( 14 ) the maxim of quality try to make your contribution one that is true , specifically : ( i ) do not say what you believe to be false ( ii ) do not say that for which you lack adequate evidence ( 15 ) the maxim of quantity ( i ) make your contribution as informative as is required for the current purposes of the exchange ( ii ) do not make your contribution more informative than is required ( 16 ) the maxim of relevance make your contributions relevant ( 17 ) the maxim of manner be perspicuous , and specifically : ( i ) avoid obscurity ( ii ) avoid ambiguity ( iii ) be brief ( iv ) be orderly in short , these maxims [name] what participants have to do in order to converse in a maximally efficient , rational , co-operative way : they should speak sincerely , relevantly and clearly , while providing sufficient information .

The new proposals specify a list of 58 industries for whom audits would be compulsory .
the new proposals [name] a list of 58 industries for whom audits would be compulsory .

Nor does he specify what kind of effects might be achieved by a reformulation or explain how it achieves those effects .
nor does he [name] what kind of effects might be achieved by a reformulation or explain how it achieves those effects .

The resolution must specify the date on which the authority to make purchases will expire , which can not be later than 18 months from the date on which the resolution is passed ( s166 ( 3 ) ( c ) and ( 4 ) ) .
the resolution must [name] the date on which the authority to make purchases will expire , which can not be later than 18 months from the date on which the resolution is passed ( s166 ( 3 ) ( c ) and ( 4 ) ) .

( 3 ) The announcement must specify in what circumstances any irrevocable undertakings will cease to be binding ( eg on receipt of a higher offer ) .
( 3 ) the announcement must [name] in what circumstances any irrevocable undertakings will cease to be binding ( eg on receipt of a higher offer ) .

1.9 Prohibited users ( specify prohibited users )
1.9 prohibited users ( [name] prohibited users )

1.11 Decorating years ( specify years )
1.11 decorating years ( [name] years )

1.12 Shop opening hours ( specify hours ) on Mondays to Saturdays ( inclusive ) other than Christmas Day Good Friday and any other statutory bank ( or local ) holiday
1.12 shop opening hours ( [name] hours ) on mondays to saturdays ( inclusive ) other than christmas day good friday and any other statutory bank ( or local ) holiday

If this is the aim it will , by the agreement of transfer , be necessary to specify that the transferor will not further use or disclose the information himself , otherwise the transferee will simply be one further person who is aware of the information .
if this is the aim it will , by the agreement of transfer , be necessary to [name] that the transferor will not further use or disclose the information himself , otherwise the transferee will simply be one further person who is aware of the information .

( p93 ) It would appear that as long as the buyer communicates the purpose for which the goods are required , he does not have to specify all of the particular applications so long as they fall within the scope of normal purpose .
( p93 ) it would appear that as long as the buyer communicates the purpose for which the goods are required , he does not have to [name] all of the particular applications so long as they fall within the scope of normal purpose .

The majority view was that , the buyers having intimated that the herring meal was required for animal food , it was not necessary to specify the kind of animal ( s ) to which the food might be given .
the majority view was that , the buyers having intimated that the herring meal was required for animal food , it was not necessary to [name] the kind of animal ( s ) to which the food might be given .

The court can specify a longer or shorter period for investigation .
the court can [name] a longer or shorter period for investigation .

It is left to the supervisor to specify how and to what extent a child shall live away from home or participate in any activities under these provisions .
it is left to the supervisor to [name] how and to what extent a child shall live away from home or participate in any activities under these provisions .

The order must specify the period of treatment and whether the child is to be an in-patient or out-patient .
the order must [name] the period of treatment and whether the child is to be an in-patient or out-patient .

If he is to be treated as an out-patient the order may specify the place of treatment .
if he is to be treated as an out-patient the order may [name] the place of treatment .

You can specify both the new first number ( n1 ) and/or step size ( s ) .
you can [name] both the new first number ( n1 ) and/or step size ( s ) .

You can specify a devicename and a path as well as the file name .
you can [name] a devicename and a path as well as the file name .

Although the court order should specify a time-limit in which the conveyance must be completed ( so that compliance can be enforced — see Chapter 8 ) such time-limit is rarely adhered to in practice .
although the court order should [name] a time-limit in which the conveyance must be completed ( so that compliance can be enforced — see chapter 8 ) such time-limit is rarely adhered to in practice .

If the wife 's level of income is sufficient , the mortgagee will probably consent to the release of the husband from liability under the mortgage so long as the wife covenants to assume this and , depending upon the practice of the mortgagee , will specify what clauses it requires in the appropriate conveyance or transfer .
if the wife 's level of income is sufficient , the mortgagee will probably consent to the release of the husband from liability under the mortgage so long as the wife covenants to assume this and , depending upon the practice of the mortgagee , will [name] what clauses it requires in the appropriate conveyance or transfer .

If the joint tenancy is severed by agreement then the notice of severance or declaration of trust which would have the same effect ( see precedent in Kelly 's Draftsman , 15th edn , Butterworths , 1986 , p673 ) should specify in what proportions or shares the equitable interests of the former beneficial joint tenants are to be held .
if the joint tenancy is severed by agreement then the notice of severance or declaration of trust which would have the same effect ( see precedent in kelly 's draftsman , 15th edn , butterworths , 1986 , p673 ) should [name] in what proportions or shares the equitable interests of the former beneficial joint tenants are to be held .

It will be appreciated that the registration of a restriction does not specify the shares in which the net proceeds of sale of the property are to be held ; so ( if agreement ) there should be a document ( such as a declaration of trust ) specifying those shares .
it will be appreciated that the registration of a restriction does not [name] the shares in which the net proceeds of sale of the property are to be held ; so ( if agreement ) there should be a document ( such as a declaration of trust ) specifying those shares .

Although the court order may specify a time-limit in which the conveyance or transfer must be completed , this is rarely adhered to .
although the court order may [name] a time-limit in which the conveyance or transfer must be completed , this is rarely adhered to .

The value of the land may be evidenced by a statement from the solicitors lodging the application , which should specify the value of the property transferred .
the value of the land may be evidenced by a statement from the solicitors lodging the application , which should [name] the value of the property transferred .

The Act did not specify what the rate was to be , but it was made clear that the initial rate of 40 per cent would be increased to 45 per cent and then to 50 per cent ‘ at reasonably short intervals ’ .
the act did not [name] what the rate was to be , but it was made clear that the initial rate of 40 per cent would be increased to 45 per cent and then to 50 per cent ‘ at reasonably short intervals ’ .

However , earlier chapters have shown that life events are implicated in a range of psychiatric disorder , and that to a certain extent it is possible to specify the broad type of event which will precede a particular type of disorder .
however , earlier chapters have shown that life events are implicated in a range of psychiatric disorder , and that to a certain extent it is possible to [name] the broad type of event which will precede a particular type of disorder .

Additional knowledge is required to specify more closely the smaller proportion of troubled people who would be most susceptible to developing psychiatric disorder in the context of particular events .
additional knowledge is required to [name] more closely the smaller proportion of troubled people who would be most susceptible to developing psychiatric disorder in the context of particular events .

As usual the Cartesian coordinate system used to specify directions has x in the mean flow direction , y across the wake , and z parallel to the axis of the body producing the wake .
as usual the cartesian coordinate system used to [name] directions has x in the mean flow direction , y across the wake , and z parallel to the axis of the body producing the wake .

We thus want to specify the flow in the ‘ wall-region ’ by a velocity scale characteristic of this region .
we thus want to [name] the flow in the ‘ wall-region ’ by a velocity scale characteristic of this region .

For a reason that will become apparent in the next section , it is usual to specify Bénard convection in terms of the Rayleigh number and Prandtl number rather than the Grashof number Gr and Prandtl number .
for a reason that will become apparent in the next section , it is usual to [name] bénard convection in terms of the rayleigh number and prandtl number rather than the grashof number gr and prandtl number .

Accumulation of observations would allow one to specify statistical properties of the motion , such as the average kinetic and potential energy of the pendulum over a large number of periods ( cf .
accumulation of observations would allow one to [name] statistical properties of the motion , such as the average kinetic and potential energy of the pendulum over a large number of periods ( cf .

He had even been able to specify a little more precisely the area where he thought they were concealed .
he had even been able to [name] a little more precisely the area where he thought they were concealed .

Of particular importance is the mention of transverse flutes : the inventories of the workshop of Nicolas Hotteterre , Martin 's cousin ( one in 1708 made after the death of his wife and the other in 1727 after his own death ) , do not specify them ; the first reads ‘ hautbois , flutes [ recorders ] , and other imperfect instruments valued together for the sum of 88 livres ’ and the second lists ‘ two dozen of which are fluttes [ sic ] as well as hautbois priced 24 livres ’ .
of particular importance is the mention of transverse flutes : the inventories of the workshop of nicolas hotteterre , martin 's cousin ( one in 1708 made after the death of his wife and the other in 1727 after his own death ) , do not [name] them ; the first reads ‘ hautbois , flutes [ recorders ] , and other imperfect instruments valued together for the sum of 88 livres ’ and the second lists ‘ two dozen of which are fluttes [ sic ] as well as hautbois priced 24 livres ’ .

‘ You remarked earlier that we would be working together , but you did n't specify how .
‘ you remarked earlier that we would be working together , but you did n't [name] how .

Its exact details can hardly be measured , for the official statistics , such as they were then , fail to capture all the movements of men and women within countries or even between states : the rural exodus towards the cities , the migration between regions and from town to town , the crossing of oceans and the penetration of frontier zones , the flux of men and women moving back and forth in ways even more difficult to specify .
its exact details can hardly be measured , for the official statistics , such as they were then , fail to capture all the movements of men and women within countries or even between states : the rural exodus towards the cities , the migration between regions and from town to town , the crossing of oceans and the penetration of frontier zones , the flux of men and women moving back and forth in ways even more difficult to [name] .

The particulars of claim in actions against the Crown must specify the circumstances in which the Crown 's liability is said to have arisen and " as to the government department and officers of the Crown concerned " ( Ord 42 , r 4 ) .
the particulars of claim in actions against the crown must [name] the circumstances in which the crown 's liability is said to have arisen and " as to the government department and officers of the crown concerned " ( ord 42 , r 4 ) .

Order 9 , r 6 applies if the defendant in a default action : ( 1 ) does not within 14 days after service of the summons on him , pay to the plaintiff the total amount of the claim and costs on the summons ; or ( 2 ) delivers an admission of the whole of the plaintiff 's claim unaccompanied by a counterclaim or a request for time for payment , or ( 3 ) does not deliver an admission of part of the plaintiff 's claim , a defence or counterclaim , the plaintiff may on filing a request for judgment , and certifying that defendant has not sent any reply to the summons , and stating what payments , if any , have been made , have judgment entered , either for payment forthwith or at such times as plaintiff may specify .
order 9 , r 6 applies if the defendant in a default action : ( 1 ) does not within 14 days after service of the summons on him , pay to the plaintiff the total amount of the claim and costs on the summons ; or ( 2 ) delivers an admission of the whole of the plaintiff 's claim unaccompanied by a counterclaim or a request for time for payment , or ( 3 ) does not deliver an admission of part of the plaintiff 's claim , a defence or counterclaim , the plaintiff may on filing a request for judgment , and certifying that defendant has not sent any reply to the summons , and stating what payments , if any , have been made , have judgment entered , either for payment forthwith or at such times as plaintiff may [name] .

If the required documents are not so served , the court may specify a time limit for providing them , or make such order as it thinks fit , including dispensing with the requirements or staying proceedings .
if the required documents are not so served , the court may [name] a time limit for providing them , or make such order as it thinks fit , including dispensing with the requirements or staying proceedings .

Nevertheless it would be usual to specify some basic entitlement in the partnership agreement ( Clause 15.01 ) .
nevertheless it would be usual to [name] some basic entitlement in the partnership agreement ( clause 15.01 ) .

Breach of the partnership agreement It is usual to specify certain provisions of particular importance ( eg failing to maintain proper accounts or actions which might cause the firm to lose its investment business certificate ) the breach of which would enable the power of expulsion to be exercised and , in a further ground , to refer in more general terms to persistent and general failure to observe the spirit of the agreement .
breach of the partnership agreement it is usual to [name] certain provisions of particular importance ( eg failing to maintain proper accounts or actions which might cause the firm to lose its investment business certificate ) the breach of which would enable the power of expulsion to be exercised and , in a further ground , to refer in more general terms to persistent and general failure to observe the spirit of the agreement .

The notice should specify upon which ground the expelling partners rely but no more than that .
the notice should [name] upon which ground the expelling partners rely but no more than that .

Agreements often specify `` market price `` .
agreements often [name] `` market price `` .

This chapter : ( 1 ) explains the need to specify expert determination to ensure it will be applied ( 8.2 ) ; ( 2 ) lists the elements of an expert clause ( 8.3 ) ; ( 3 ) analyses each of those elements ( 8.4 – 8.16 ) ; and ( 4 ) shows how the court interprets badly drafted expert clauses ( 8.17 ) .
this chapter : ( 1 ) explains the need to [name] expert determination to ensure it will be applied ( 8.2 ) ; ( 2 ) lists the elements of an expert clause ( 8.3 ) ; ( 3 ) analyses each of those elements ( 8.4 – 8.16 ) ; and ( 4 ) shows how the court interprets badly drafted expert clauses ( 8.17 ) .

8.2 Need to specify expert determination
8.2 need to [name] expert determination

It is also usual to specify a professional qualification .
it is also usual to [name] a professional qualification .

It is useful to specify the due date for payment of the amount determined by the expert .
it is useful to [name] the due date for payment of the amount determined by the expert .

For instance , in the commercial applications , the articles of association of a company do not specify a procedure , but merely say that the auditors are to certify the value of the shares ( see Chapter 3 ) : the same brevity is encountered in the share option ( 5.2 ) and convertible preference share examples ( 5.6 ) .
for instance , in the commercial applications , the articles of association of a company do not [name] a procedure , but merely say that the auditors are to certify the value of the shares ( see chapter 3 ) : the same brevity is encountered in the share option ( 5.2 ) and convertible preference share examples ( 5.6 ) .

In cases where accountants determine matters such as the net asset value of a business which has been transferred ( see Chapter 4 ) , the expert clauses sometimes specify that the parties can make representations , but may be reticent on the point .
in cases where accountants determine matters such as the net asset value of a business which has been transferred ( see chapter 4 ) , the expert clauses sometimes [name] that the parties can make representations , but may be reticent on the point .

Where this is a matter of education and experience , it is best to specify an academic degree , professional certificate or membership of a professional body .
where this is a matter of education and experience , it is best to [name] an academic degree , professional certificate or membership of a professional body .

It is probably unnecessary to specify the president , as the relevant institution 's procedures will be similar even if the president is not specified .
it is probably unnecessary to [name] the president , as the relevant institution 's procedures will be similar even if the president is not specified .

The letter should specify the parties , the contract , the expert clause and the issue to be resolved , at the very least , and further details may be useful .
the letter should [name] the parties , the contract , the expert clause and the issue to be resolved , at the very least , and further details may be useful .

It may also be necessary to specify in the lease the lifts that are passenger lifts and those that are goods lifts .
it may also be necessary to [name] in the lease the lifts that are passenger lifts and those that are goods lifts .

One is to specify the actual dates of review in the lease .
one is to [name] the actual dates of review in the lease .

In addition the purchaser will need to specify other advisers such as accountants ( particularly if a report or completion accounts are to be prepared ) , actuaries , insurance brokers and bankers .
in addition the purchaser will need to [name] other advisers such as accountants ( particularly if a report or completion accounts are to be prepared ) , actuaries , insurance brokers and bankers .

At this stage it is also necessary to specify the individuals in the purchaser 's or vendor 's organisation who are authorised to give instructions .
at this stage it is also necessary to [name] the individuals in the purchaser 's or vendor 's organisation who are authorised to give instructions .

It is normal practice for the heads to specify that each party will be responsible for the costs of its own advisers .
it is normal practice for the heads to [name] that each party will be responsible for the costs of its own advisers .

However , if one party is to bear the costs of the other it is important to specify this in the heads and ensure it is binding on all parties .
however , if one party is to bear the costs of the other it is important to [name] this in the heads and ensure it is binding on all parties .

The introduction to the heads will specify that the clause is binding on both parties and is not subject to contract .
the introduction to the heads will [name] that the clause is binding on both parties and is not subject to contract .

In consideration of the purchaser incurring the costs of its professional advisers in commencing due diligence and negotiating the binding agreement the vendor hereby undertakes to the purchaser that during the period from today until midnight on [ ] 19 [ ] it shall not negotiate the sale of the business with any person ( either directly or indirectly ) other than the purchaser The only essential content of the heads of terms is to specify that they are subject to contract except for one or two specific clauses .
in consideration of the purchaser incurring the costs of its professional advisers in commencing due diligence and negotiating the binding agreement the vendor hereby undertakes to the purchaser that during the period from today until midnight on [ ] 19 [ ] it shall not negotiate the sale of the business with any person ( either directly or indirectly ) other than the purchaser the only essential content of the heads of terms is to [name] that they are subject to contract except for one or two specific clauses .

The purchaser should specify any key assumptions made in reaching the price such as net asset position or profitability of the business and alert the vendor to the fact that the price may change if the assumptions are not correct .
the purchaser should [name] any key assumptions made in reaching the price such as net asset position or profitability of the business and alert the vendor to the fact that the price may change if the assumptions are not correct .

The rules in the sale agreement need to specify carefully , and in order of priority , the accounting rules and practices to be used in preparing the completion accounts .
the rules in the sale agreement need to [name] carefully , and in order of priority , the accounting rules and practices to be used in preparing the completion accounts .

The rules would normally specify that the completion accounts are to be prepared in accordance with : ( a ) generally accepted accounting practices or the statements of standard accounting practice ( SSAPs ) in order to give a true and fair view ; ( b ) the same accounting practices as used consistently in previous accounts of the business , normally over a period of several years ; ( c ) specific accounting rules legislated for in the sale agreement .
the rules would normally [name] that the completion accounts are to be prepared in accordance with : ( a ) generally accepted accounting practices or the statements of standard accounting practice ( ssaps ) in order to give a true and fair view ; ( b ) the same accounting practices as used consistently in previous accounts of the business , normally over a period of several years ; ( c ) specific accounting rules legislated for in the sale agreement .

In order to avoid disputes , the sale agreement should specify the priority to be given to each of these rules .
in order to avoid disputes , the sale agreement should [name] the priority to be given to each of these rules .

The trustee will want the vendor and purchaser to specify the trust rules before consenting to act .
the trustee will want the vendor and purchaser to [name] the trust rules before consenting to act .

Rather than rely on common law , it is normal practice for purchasers to specify in the sale agreement the basis on which damages will be calculated .
rather than rely on common law , it is normal practice for purchasers to [name] in the sale agreement the basis on which damages will be calculated .

The ability to fly is a property of an airliner that we specify in advance .
the ability to fly is a property of an airliner that we [name] in advance .

When he does specify precise quantities or times he is often wrong .
when he does [name] precise quantities or times he is often wrong .

In a letter to Herbert Read , dated `` 16 February `` ( probably written in 1925 ) he described a racial prejudice from which he was not immune — although he did not specify that prejudice , its nature is clear from the context , in which he offered Disraeli as an example of what he meant .
in a letter to herbert read , dated `` 16 february `` ( probably written in 1925 ) he described a racial prejudice from which he was not immune — although he did not [name] that prejudice , its nature is clear from the context , in which he offered disraeli as an example of what he meant .

However since the Convention does not specify that the acceptance be directed towards the treaty parties it might not be possible to regard it as a collateral agreement .
however since the convention does not [name] that the acceptance be directed towards the treaty parties it might not be possible to regard it as a collateral agreement .

Articles 34–38 specify no exceptions to the pacta tertiis rule ; such exceptions must either be fitted into the Articles or they must be accepted as prescribing only the general framework of the law .
articles 34–38 [name] no exceptions to the pacta tertiis rule ; such exceptions must either be fitted into the articles or they must be accepted as prescribing only the general framework of the law .

Further , the Vienna Convention does not specify how long the obligations under Article 18 continue , although at some point a signatory State that does not ratify a treaty must surely be in the same position as non-signatories .
further , the vienna convention does not [name] how long the obligations under article 18 continue , although at some point a signatory state that does not ratify a treaty must surely be in the same position as non-signatories .

To her , the building was endlessly exciting , and she liked it for all the reasons that most people would specify as particular causes for dislike .
to her , the building was endlessly exciting , and she liked it for all the reasons that most people would [name] as particular causes for dislike .

Leaving aside the problem of what time period to specify , we should have to ransack the libraries of the world to find a complete list of published works written during the period .
leaving aside the problem of what time period to [name] , we should have to ransack the libraries of the world to find a complete list of published works written during the period .

It is part of the function of a linguistic theory , and of its linguistic description of the English language , to specify what linguistic categories there are and what are the contrastive relations between them .
it is part of the function of a linguistic theory , and of its linguistic description of the english language , to [name] what linguistic categories there are and what are the contrastive relations between them .

Since intransitive verbs do not specify , as transitive verbs usually do , a cause-effect relationship , the impression we get is that movement is divorced from purpose : all the strident activity of the industrial scene seems to be self-generating and uncontrolled .
since intransitive verbs do not [name] , as transitive verbs usually do , a cause-effect relationship , the impression we get is that movement is divorced from purpose : all the strident activity of the industrial scene seems to be self-generating and uncontrolled .

We are far from being able to specify all the things that actually take place in a learning situation , and ( as we saw earlier ) we have little knowledge of the implications of individual difference for our work .
we are far from being able to [name] all the things that actually take place in a learning situation , and ( as we saw earlier ) we have little knowledge of the implications of individual difference for our work .

If we do n't specify the objectives we want , we 'll have to put up with those we get . ``
if we do n't [name] the objectives we want , we 'll have to put up with those we get . ``

The first difference is simply that we are allowed to specify less in the way of `` conditions or data `` in order to fix the state .
the first difference is simply that we are allowed to [name] less in the way of `` conditions or data `` in order to fix the state .

( Mathematically this is connected with the fact that classically we can specify more initially — both position and momentum — than is permitted quantum mechanically — either position or momentum . )
( mathematically this is connected with the fact that classically we can [name] more initially — both position and momentum — than is permitted quantum mechanically — either position or momentum . )

This means that it is not necessary to require that the wavefunction is unchanged by the interchange of two identical particles but simply to specify that if it does change it does so in one of these trivial , physically equivalent , ways .
this means that it is not necessary to require that the wavefunction is unchanged by the interchange of two identical particles but simply to [name] that if it does change it does so in one of these trivial , physically equivalent , ways .

He is able to specify a rule for what that amplitude should be .
he is able to [name] a rule for what that amplitude should be .

The answer to that is simply to make sure that we use radiation of a wavelength short enough to be compatible with whatever accuracy we choose to specify .
the answer to that is simply to make sure that we use radiation of a wavelength short enough to be compatible with whatever accuracy we choose to [name] .

However , contributors to the Review were largely unwilling to go so far as to attempt to specify the nature of artistic quality in general , despite the fact that their own capacity to decide which texts were of sufficient interest in themselves to justify study depended upon recognizing such quality .
however , contributors to the review were largely unwilling to go so far as to attempt to [name] the nature of artistic quality in general , despite the fact that their own capacity to decide which texts were of sufficient interest in themselves to justify study depended upon recognizing such quality .

In this context of an advanced division of labour , interests theories specify the legitimate range of economic interdependence .
in this context of an advanced division of labour , interests theories [name] the legitimate range of economic interdependence .

All that is needed is to specify clearly those occasions when there is a strong danger that directors may be tempted to act in their own self-interest and then to make the shareholders ' consent necessary in those circumstances .
all that is needed is to [name] clearly those occasions when there is a strong danger that directors may be tempted to act in their own self-interest and then to make the shareholders ' consent necessary in those circumstances .

Children 's bikes are also available , but please specify age of child at time of booking as these are subject to availability .
children 's bikes are also available , but please [name] age of child at time of booking as these are subject to availability .

Helping the client to reassess their difficulties in these terms helps to specify and clarify the exact nature of these problems and highlight the specific areas of change required .
helping the client to reassess their difficulties in these terms helps to [name] and clarify the exact nature of these problems and highlight the specific areas of change required .

During the assessment phase it is very important that the client must attempt to specify any particular situations or difficulties which create problems currently and which in the past may have led to avoidance .
during the assessment phase it is very important that the client must attempt to [name] any particular situations or difficulties which create problems currently and which in the past may have led to avoidance .

Therefore , in order to maintain control it can not specify the production function and so on explicitly as a constraint .
therefore , in order to maintain control it can not [name] the production function and so on explicitly as a constraint .

For example , linguists produce theories of syntax , which specify what a human ( or machine-based ) parser has to compute .
for example , linguists produce theories of syntax , which [name] what a human ( or machine-based ) parser has to compute .

The main difference between this method and that of semantic features is the level of detail they specify .
the main difference between this method and that of semantic features is the level of detail they [name] .

Although he is unwilling to specify in advance any privileged source of power , there nevertheless underlies his work what has been described as a ‘ philosophical monism ’ , a conception of a ‘ will to power ’ forever expanding and bursting forth in the form of a will to know .
although he is unwilling to [name] in advance any privileged source of power , there nevertheless underlies his work what has been described as a ‘ philosophical monism ’ , a conception of a ‘ will to power ’ forever expanding and bursting forth in the form of a will to know .

An organisation will specify that all its letters must be typewritten on headed paper and use , say , a fully blocked , open punctuation style .
an organisation will [name] that all its letters must be typewritten on headed paper and use , say , a fully blocked , open punctuation style .

To ensure that your staff or pensioners are paid the right amount on the day you specify , all you have to do each week or month is complete a special , easy to follow form with such variable payment details as bonuses and overtime , and send it to our computer centre .
to ensure that your staff or pensioners are paid the right amount on the day you [name] , all you have to do each week or month is complete a special , easy to follow form with such variable payment details as bonuses and overtime , and send it to our computer centre .

Claudine McCreadie argues that a definition must specify :
claudine mccreadie argues that a definition must [name] :

Moral association is a human relationship based on ‘ the mutual recognition of certain conditions which not only specify right and wrong in conduct , but are prescriptions of obligations ’ .
moral association is a human relationship based on ‘ the mutual recognition of certain conditions which not only [name] right and wrong in conduct , but are prescriptions of obligations ’ .

What his theory does not clearly specify is the method for determining the extent to which we observe cultural evolutionary achievements and the circumstances in which interference through institutional design is justified .
what his theory does not clearly [name] is the method for determining the extent to which we observe cultural evolutionary achievements and the circumstances in which interference through institutional design is justified .

But Ginsberg realised that it was a conditional matter , and the task of sociology as he saw it was to discern and specify the conditions under which it could continue .
but ginsberg realised that it was a conditional matter , and the task of sociology as he saw it was to discern and [name] the conditions under which it could continue .

To use ‘ Room Service ’ customers specify the area in which they intend to stay .
to use ‘ room service ’ customers [name] the area in which they intend to stay .

How many display colours are available ? ( specify these )
how many display colours are available ? ( [name] these )

After treating of castle-guard , the charter goes on to specify all the fiefs in the surrounding area , and their military obligations , ost and chevauchée ( long and short expeditionary duty ) .
after treating of castle-guard , the charter goes on to [name] all the fiefs in the surrounding area , and their military obligations , ost and chevauchée ( long and short expeditionary duty ) .

It may be best to try to specify the teaching objectives in behavioural terms — planning the thoughts and particularly the activities that you envisage for the pupils and the teacher .
it may be best to try to [name] the teaching objectives in behavioural terms — planning the thoughts and particularly the activities that you envisage for the pupils and the teacher .

Since a store is constructed as a vector or linear sequence of words , we specify each one by its position in the sequence .
since a store is constructed as a vector or linear sequence of words , we [name] each one by its position in the sequence .

Chapter 4 considers addressing modes ; that is , the range of ways ( commencing with index registers ) in which an instruction can specify a location in the store .
chapter 4 considers addressing modes ; that is , the range of ways ( commencing with index registers ) in which an instruction can [name] a location in the store .

One particularly important design decision is the choice of word length , since this affects how instructions are stored , the number of bits which are used to specify operation codes and addressing modes , and what data formats can or must be provided ( for example , double-length working may be a necessity , if a short word length is chosen ) .
one particularly important design decision is the choice of word length , since this affects how instructions are stored , the number of bits which are used to [name] operation codes and addressing modes , and what data formats can or must be provided ( for example , double-length working may be a necessity , if a short word length is chosen ) .

Masking is such a common operation that many computers provide at least one arithmetic or logical instruction which can specify a mask as well as the primary operands .
masking is such a common operation that many computers provide at least one arithmetic or logical instruction which can [name] a mask as well as the primary operands .

Many computers have a further field in the instruction , to specify subsidiary information required by an operation .
many computers have a further field in the instruction , to [name] subsidiary information required by an operation .

For example , ( on a one-address computer ) we might have a group of data-manipulation instructions with an operation code field , a small subsidiary information field to specify an accumulator , and addressing mode and operand fields .
for example , ( on a one-address computer ) we might have a group of data-manipulation instructions with an operation code field , a small subsidiary information field to [name] an accumulator , and addressing mode and operand fields .

Thus the operation code field is decoded to specify , not only what operation is to be performed , but also how the bit pattern of the remainder of the instruction is to be interpreted .
thus the operation code field is decoded to [name] , not only what operation is to be performed , but also how the bit pattern of the remainder of the instruction is to be interpreted .

If we have a fixed-length instruction word with one of the formats shown in Figure 3.1 ( a ) - ( c ) , then the number of bits required to specify such secondary information as an operand address limits the size of the operation code field , and therefore limits the maximum number of different operations with this amount of secondary information .
if we have a fixed-length instruction word with one of the formats shown in figure 3.1 ( a ) - ( c ) , then the number of bits required to [name] such secondary information as an operand address limits the size of the operation code field , and therefore limits the maximum number of different operations with this amount of secondary information .

Alternatively such a sub-operation field might specify secondary functions to be performed with the main operation .
alternatively such a sub-operation field might [name] secondary functions to be performed with the main operation .

However , an attempt may be made to allocate particular bits or groups of bits in the operation code field to particular features of the instruction ; one bit , for example , might specify whether the result of an operation is to be placed in the accumulator , and another whether the fixed-point arithmetic unit is to be used by the operation .
however , an attempt may be made to allocate particular bits or groups of bits in the operation code field to particular features of the instruction ; one bit , for example , might [name] whether the result of an operation is to be placed in the accumulator , and another whether the fixed-point arithmetic unit is to be used by the operation .

It will sometimes be the case that , for certain instruction groups , the number of bits required fully to specify an operation and all its associated information is less than the computer word length ; so these groups are using the word inefficiently , and are candidates for occupying only a portion of a word .
it will sometimes be the case that , for certain instruction groups , the number of bits required fully to [name] an operation and all its associated information is less than the computer word length ; so these groups are using the word inefficiently , and are candidates for occupying only a portion of a word .

The instructions have to specify the accumulator to be used as well as the store address , giving some of the advantages of the two-address system without the long instruction format required to hold a second store address ; this technique has therefore sometimes been called the `` 1½-address system `` .
the instructions have to [name] the accumulator to be used as well as the store address , giving some of the advantages of the two-address system without the long instruction format required to hold a second store address ; this technique has therefore sometimes been called the `` 1½-address system `` .

First we require normal `` load and store accumulator `` instructions , as described earlier for computers with a single accumulator , except that now the instruction must specify the particular accumulator involved .
first we require normal `` load and store accumulator `` instructions , as described earlier for computers with a single accumulator , except that now the instruction must [name] the particular accumulator involved .

Some computers have room in the instruction to specify a third accumulator to hold the result , giving the effect of a three-address instruction restricted to the accumulator array .
some computers have room in the instruction to [name] a third accumulator to hold the result , giving the effect of a three-address instruction restricted to the accumulator array .

If the jump conditions are specified by bits in a subsidiary information field , then we may be able to specify further conditions by setting combinations of bits .
if the jump conditions are specified by bits in a subsidiary information field , then we may be able to [name] further conditions by setting combinations of bits .

The jump instructions ( b ) and ( c ) in Figure 3.11 contain an operation code field ( perhaps together with a subsidiary information field specifying the jump condition ) , and an operand field ( perhaps together with an addressing mode field ) to specify the location to which control is to be transferred if the condition is true ( that is , if the jump is successful ) .
the jump instructions ( b ) and ( c ) in figure 3.11 contain an operation code field ( perhaps together with a subsidiary information field specifying the jump condition ) , and an operand field ( perhaps together with an addressing mode field ) to [name] the location to which control is to be transferred if the condition is true ( that is , if the jump is successful ) .

There is then no room in the instruction to specify both a jump address and the address of the location to be tested .
there is then no room in the instruction to [name] both a jump address and the address of the location to be tested .

Further , on some small computers the subsidiary information field to specify a rich set of jump conditions may be so large that there is no room in the instruction for a jump address field .
further , on some small computers the subsidiary information field to [name] a rich set of jump conditions may be so large that there is no room in the instruction for a jump address field .

The groups of instructions to manipulate index registers need to specify an index register and a store location .
the groups of instructions to manipulate index registers need to [name] an index register and a store location .

In the past the field which normally specified the addressing mode was often used in these instructions to specify the index register to be manipulated , thus reducing the available addressing modes .
in the past the field which normally specified the addressing mode was often used in these instructions to [name] the index register to be manipulated , thus reducing the available addressing modes .

Notice that we can specify only one at a time of the gates controlled by such a field , so we must encode as one group only gates which need never be opened together .
notice that we can [name] only one at a time of the gates controlled by such a field , so we must encode as one group only gates which need never be opened together .

One method is for the sequence field of the micro-instruction to specify all but the least significant few bits of the next micro-instruction address .
one method is for the sequence field of the micro-instruction to [name] all but the least significant few bits of the next micro-instruction address .

Suppose that an instruction which specified indexed addressing could also specify whether the index value was to be modified ( for example , it could be incremented by one ) .
suppose that an instruction which specified indexed addressing could also [name] whether the index value was to be modified ( for example , it could be incremented by one ) .

If sufficiently precise , as in `` can add whole numbers summing to between 100 and 1,000 `` the criterion statement may specify the domain of test items from which a representative sample can be selected to assess pupils ' performance in relation to the criterion .
if sufficiently precise , as in `` can add whole numbers summing to between 100 and 1,000 `` the criterion statement may [name] the domain of test items from which a representative sample can be selected to assess pupils ' performance in relation to the criterion .

It is not difficult to show that even an apparently high level of detail in a criterion does not specify the test items unequivocally .
it is not difficult to show that even an apparently high level of detail in a criterion does not [name] the test items unequivocally .

It is difficult to exclude vulgar fractions as correct answers to such questions by rewording them , and it may be worth considering modifying the criterion to specify `` between two decimal numbers in size `` .
it is difficult to exclude vulgar fractions as correct answers to such questions by rewording them , and it may be worth considering modifying the criterion to [name] `` between two decimal numbers in size `` .

The term `` generalization `` appears in lists of criteria in several assessment schemes for investigative mathematics which specify processes only , not content .
the term `` generalization `` appears in lists of criteria in several assessment schemes for investigative mathematics which [name] processes only , not content .

Let us then specify two criteria about the requiredness of causal circumstances to effects .
let us then [name] two criteria about the requiredness of causal circumstances to effects .

The theory of mechanics , for example , consists in equations which specify that certain traits of bodies in motion are dependent on other physical properties .
the theory of mechanics , for example , consists in equations which [name] that certain traits of bodies in motion are dependent on other physical properties .

Do we not have to specify the particular condition which was the absence of a torrential rainstorm and an open window ?
do we not have to [name] the particular condition which was the absence of a torrential rainstorm and an open window ?

At least two attempts have been made to specify the terms of reference of the panel , and on at least two occasions the membership has been reviewed specifically to bring in more active participants and give more clear direction to its efforts .
at least two attempts have been made to [name] the terms of reference of the panel , and on at least two occasions the membership has been reviewed specifically to bring in more active participants and give more clear direction to its efforts .

Contract Compliance Local authorities when inviting tenders must specify clearly the work to be done and the conditions under which it should be completed .
contract compliance local authorities when inviting tenders must [name] clearly the work to be done and the conditions under which it should be completed .

Other ( please specify )
other ( please [name] )

Other ( please specify )
other ( please [name] )

Other ( please specify )
other ( please [name] )

Other ( please specify )
other ( please [name] )

Other ( please specify )
other ( please [name] )

Other ( please specify )
other ( please [name] )

Leaving the theme to develop as we go along , we shall next specify our use of some key terms .
leaving the theme to develop as we go along , we shall next [name] our use of some key terms .

Morgenthau 's approach was also criticized for ignoring the domestic environment of states , for failing to specify whether human nature was the determining or merely one potential cause of political action , and for being unable to account for mistakes ( if human nature is based on objective laws , then how can individuals make mistakes ? )
morgenthau 's approach was also criticized for ignoring the domestic environment of states , for failing to [name] whether human nature was the determining or merely one potential cause of political action , and for being unable to account for mistakes ( if human nature is based on objective laws , then how can individuals make mistakes ? )

To locate the idea in an interpretative or hermeneutic setting , we need to specify that there is meaning both in ‘ the behaviour of others ’ and in the ‘ account ’ which the acting individual takes of it .
to locate the idea in an interpretative or hermeneutic setting , we need to [name] that there is meaning both in ‘ the behaviour of others ’ and in the ‘ account ’ which the acting individual takes of it .

The actual request is set out in the first part , which gives the relevant addresses and which may specify a particular mode of service .
the actual request is set out in the first part , which gives the relevant addresses and which may [name] a particular mode of service .

The state of destination is given a discretion ( though the convention does not specify by which organ of the state the discretion is to be exercised ) to execute a letter rogatory which does not indicate the person to be held responsible for the costs and expenses ; the point here is that there is a discretion to refuse to execute letters in such circumstances .
the state of destination is given a discretion ( though the convention does not [name] by which organ of the state the discretion is to be exercised ) to execute a letter rogatory which does not indicate the person to be held responsible for the costs and expenses ; the point here is that there is a discretion to refuse to execute letters in such circumstances .

Examples of other conditions might be to limit the scope and subject matter of the examination , to specify the persons who may be present at the taking of the evidence other than the parties and the witnesses , and to limit the right to enter and inspect real property .
examples of other conditions might be to limit the scope and subject matter of the examination , to [name] the persons who may be present at the taking of the evidence other than the parties and the witnesses , and to limit the right to enter and inspect real property .

Many of the routine social situations we find ourselves in are clearly rule-governed , but it is often extremely difficult to specify exactly what the rules are or what are the potential breaches of the rules .
many of the routine social situations we find ourselves in are clearly rule-governed , but it is often extremely difficult to [name] exactly what the rules are or what are the potential breaches of the rules .

As an optional extra you could specify an unfeathering device which moved the blades towards the normal pitch range when the propeller lever was moved from feather to fully fine .
as an optional extra you could [name] an unfeathering device which moved the blades towards the normal pitch range when the propeller lever was moved from feather to fully fine .

But the adjustable peg system did not adequately specify if and when countries in surplus or deficit were to undertake exchange rate adjustment .
but the adjustable peg system did not adequately [name] if and when countries in surplus or deficit were to undertake exchange rate adjustment .

If so , a proper contract should be drawn up to specify this , if , on the other hand , you are employed by someone , perhaps the local council , and the work you create is done under the terms of your employment , then the employer owns the copyright .
if so , a proper contract should be drawn up to [name] this , if , on the other hand , you are employed by someone , perhaps the local council , and the work you create is done under the terms of your employment , then the employer owns the copyright .

specify outcomes which place emphasis on the conditions of the workplace ;
[name] outcomes which place emphasis on the conditions of the workplace ;

The group award should specify outcomes which place due emphasis on the application of skills , knowledge and understanding in the conditions of the workplace .
the group award should [name] outcomes which place due emphasis on the application of skills , knowledge and understanding in the conditions of the workplace .

specify the elements for which the centre will have devolved responsibility and the way in which the centre will discharge its responsibility ;
[name] the elements for which the centre will have devolved responsibility and the way in which the centre will discharge its responsibility ;

In practice , to date , pursuers ' agents by and large have tended to specify their case with as much detail as previously though there have been efforts , to date challenged successfully , to give a briefer outline not much different from the initial letter of claim .
in practice , to date , pursuers ' agents by and large have tended to [name] their case with as much detail as previously though there have been efforts , to date challenged successfully , to give a briefer outline not much different from the initial letter of claim .

In the event of circumstances arising under 1 or 2 above which require the Insurers to notify the Society of the reduction or cancellation of cover the Insurers shall during the period from such reduction or cancellation until ten days after notification of the Society indemnify the Society against losses to the same extent as if cover had not been reduced or cancelled and if the Society shall within seven days of notification by the Insurers inform the Insurers that it wishes cover to continue on the same terms as if it had not been reduced or cancelled the Insurers shall indemnify the Society against losses on such terms for such period not exceeding six months as the Society shall specify and the Society shall be responsible for the payment of premium for such cover .
in the event of circumstances arising under 1 or 2 above which require the insurers to notify the society of the reduction or cancellation of cover the insurers shall during the period from such reduction or cancellation until ten days after notification of the society indemnify the society against losses to the same extent as if cover had not been reduced or cancelled and if the society shall within seven days of notification by the insurers inform the insurers that it wishes cover to continue on the same terms as if it had not been reduced or cancelled the insurers shall indemnify the society against losses on such terms for such period not exceeding six months as the society shall [name] and the society shall be responsible for the payment of premium for such cover .

The guidelines describe procedures for obtaining approval for research to be conducted and specify steps to be taken in contacting establishments , and items for inclusion in letters seeking parental consent for use when the research involves pupils .
the guidelines describe procedures for obtaining approval for research to be conducted and [name] steps to be taken in contacting establishments , and items for inclusion in letters seeking parental consent for use when the research involves pupils .

As you know , taxi companies participating in the Taxicard scheme are required , by the terms of the agreement with Lothian Regional Council , to ensure that their drivers attend any short training course which we specify as required .
as you know , taxi companies participating in the taxicard scheme are required , by the terms of the agreement with lothian regional council , to ensure that their drivers attend any short training course which we [name] as required .

Specify any land requirements for the provision of new Regional Council facilities .
[name] any land requirements for the provision of new regional council facilities .

The Council intended to specify subject areas in which responsibility could be delegated to an institution , to authorize institutions to modify existing courses and introduce new ones in subject areas for which the Council had given prior agreement , and to determine the criteria and methods for specifying subject areas and conducting quinquennial reviews .
the council intended to [name] subject areas in which responsibility could be delegated to an institution , to authorize institutions to modify existing courses and introduce new ones in subject areas for which the council had given prior agreement , and to determine the criteria and methods for specifying subject areas and conducting quinquennial reviews .

Specify and explain the factors to be considered in determining whether to use a single , factory wide overhead absorption rate for all factory overheads or a separate rate for each manufacturing cost centre , with reference to the system applied to Drawrod Plc .
[name] and explain the factors to be considered in determining whether to use a single , factory wide overhead absorption rate for all factory overheads or a separate rate for each manufacturing cost centre , with reference to the system applied to drawrod plc .

The failure to specify clearly the timing of important events has been a limiting factor in research , since it has not allowed predisposing factors to be distinguished from precipitating events .
the failure to [name] clearly the timing of important events has been a limiting factor in research , since it has not allowed predisposing factors to be distinguished from precipitating events .

Note that nam.typ and nam2.typ are file names only and do not specify a device or directory .
note that nam.typ and nam2.typ are file names only and do not [name] a device or directory .

For packages , this section is used primarily to specify the modules which are ‘ contained ’ in the package , i.e. set membership . It lists the modules in the form :
for packages , this section is used primarily to [name] the modules which are ‘ contained ’ in the package , i.e. set membership . it lists the modules in the form :

The offline manager must specify for each media item whether it is to be used for primary or secondary purposes , although there is no absolute requirement to make them of different media types .
the offline manager must [name] for each media item whether it is to be used for primary or secondary purposes , although there is no absolute requirement to make them of different media types .

To specify modules which must be locked against modification without agreement or being set to hard copy , but which nevertheless do not need to be transferred as part of the package , another tight coupling relationship must be used :
to [name] modules which must be locked against modification without agreement or being set to hard copy , but which nevertheless do not need to be transferred as part of the package , another tight coupling relationship must be used :

Option 9.2.0 also allows you to automate subsequent Offline runs , in that you specify an interval between Offline runs .
option 9.2.0 also allows you to automate subsequent offline runs , in that you [name] an interval between offline runs .

The field ‘ Split-type working ’ allows you to specify that Primary and Secondary copies must be stored on different media types .
the field ‘ split-type working ’ allows you to [name] that primary and secondary copies must be stored on different media types .

The field ‘ Simultaneous media copies ’ allows you to specify that Primary and Secondary copies may not be mounted simultaneously .
the field ‘ simultaneous media copies ’ allows you to [name] that primary and secondary copies may not be mounted simultaneously .

This keyword is used to specify the database details files for the hard copy operations .
this keyword is used to [name] the database details files for the hard copy operations .

specify how many lines there should be on each page ; the minimum is 2 if no headings or footings are required , and if headings and footings are required the minimum is 8 .
[name] how many lines there should be on each page ; the minimum is 2 if no headings or footings are required , and if headings and footings are required the minimum is 8 .

specify the number of characters per line ; the minimum is 132 .
[name] the number of characters per line ; the minimum is 132 .

You have tried to specify zero modules in the list of modules names to be reserved .
you have tried to [name] zero modules in the list of modules names to be reserved .

The user can specify a valid date in the format < dd-MMM-yyyy > .
the user can [name] a valid date in the format < dd-mmm-yyyy > .

Finally , the user can specify whether he wants All(A) relevant SSRs included in the report , regardless of version number , or only those SSRs which relate to specific modules and version numbers which appear in the package structure ie. Current(C) SSRs .
finally , the user can [name] whether he wants all(a) relevant ssrs included in the report , regardless of version number , or only those ssrs which relate to specific modules and version numbers which appear in the package structure ie. current(c) ssrs .

This keyword is used to specify which relational database is to be used .
this keyword is used to [name] which relational database is to be used .

This column enables you to specify the unique names selected for the modules you wish to reserve .
this column enables you to [name] the unique names selected for the modules you wish to reserve .

This column enables you to specify the module type for the new name you wish to reserve . The module type must be entered as one of the following characters :
this column enables you to [name] the module type for the new name you wish to reserve . the module type must be entered as one of the following characters :

This page allows you to specify a root package name , issue number and password ( if required ) , to be used for the read out .
this page allows you to [name] a root package name , issue number and password ( if required ) , to be used for the read out .

This page allows you to specify the name of the package to be prepared .
this page allows you to [name] the name of the package to be prepared .

You must specify your own password to update the user 's details .
you must [name] your own password to update the user 's details .

Update the product using option 5.1.2 — Update Product to specify a known version of the product package .
update the product using option 5.1.2 — update product to [name] a known version of the product package .

Specify a charge code that is accessible to this user , or use a different module owner .
[name] a charge code that is accessible to this user , or use a different module owner .

Specify a module owner that is related to you .
[name] a module owner that is related to you .

You can specify the number of a page in the mail message you have viewed previously ; you may also specify a page number to move forward in the mail message , but only to a page you have already viewed , or to the next page ( if one exists ) .
you can [name] the number of a page in the mail message you have viewed previously ; you may also [name] a page number to move forward in the mail message , but only to a page you have already viewed , or to the next page ( if one exists ) .

Specify an existing module name as the start module , up to 28 alphanumeric characters long including spaces and the special characters : ‘ — ’ , ‘ - ’ , ‘ .
[name] an existing module name as the start module , up to 28 alphanumeric characters long including spaces and the special characters : ‘ — ’ , ‘ - ’ , ‘ .

Specify an issue name which has not previously been created .
[name] an issue name which has not previously been created .

You should specify a date and time in the format dd-MMM-yyyy hh:mm .
you should [name] a date and time in the format dd-mmm-yyyy hh:mm .

You should specify a date and time which does not exceed the current date and time in the format dd-MMM-yyyy hh:mm .
you should [name] a date and time which does not exceed the current date and time in the format dd-mmm-yyyy hh:mm .

You should specify a date in the format dd-MMM-yyyy .
you should [name] a date in the format dd-mmm-yyyy .

You should specify one of the following : —
you should [name] one of the following : —

You should specify a date in the future in the format dd-MMM-yyyy .
you should [name] a date in the future in the format dd-mmm-yyyy .

You should specify a date which is later than the current date , in the format dd-MMM-yyyy .
you should [name] a date which is later than the current date , in the format dd-mmm-yyyy .

You should specify one of the following : —
you should [name] one of the following : —

You should specify a date in the format dd-MMM-yyyy .
you should [name] a date in the format dd-mmm-yyyy .

You should specify a date which is earlier than the current date in the format dd-MMM-yyyy .
you should [name] a date which is earlier than the current date in the format dd-mmm-yyyy .

You should specify : —
you should [name] : —

You should specify : —
you should [name] : —

You should specify a relative time in the format dddd hh:mm .
you should [name] a relative time in the format dddd hh:mm .

You should specify : —
you should [name] : —

You should specify : —
you should [name] : —

Specify a user that is one of your descendants .
[name] a user that is one of your descendants .

Specify a user that is one of your relations .
[name] a user that is one of your relations .

Next , it is necessary to specify the physical units which are available to the offline system .
next , it is necessary to [name] the physical units which are available to the offline system .

Option 9.4.0 , Update Availability of Units allows the user to specify this information .
option 9.4.0 , update availability of units allows the user to [name] this information .

The scheduling of subsequent offline runs can be automated using option 9.2.0 , which allows the user to specify an interval between offline runs .
the scheduling of subsequent offline runs can be automated using option 9.2.0 , which allows the user to [name] an interval between offline runs .

Option 9.2.0 allows the user to specify the ‘ Verification latency ’ — the time range , since the last verification , within which all offlined material will be verified .
option 9.2.0 allows the user to [name] the ‘ verification latency ’ — the time range , since the last verification , within which all offlined material will be verified .

The parameter ‘ Split-type working ’ allows the user to specify that Primary and Secondary copies must be stored on different media types .
the parameter ‘ split-type working ’ allows the user to [name] that primary and secondary copies must be stored on different media types .

The parameter ‘ Simultaneous media copies ’ allows the user to specify that Primary and Secondary copies may not be mounted simultaneously .
the parameter ‘ simultaneous media copies ’ allows the user to [name] that primary and secondary copies may not be mounted simultaneously .

Notice that in each of these examples we are careful to specify exactly the entities or particles to which the amount of substance refers .
notice that in each of these examples we are careful to [name] exactly the entities or particles to which the amount of substance refers .

It is important to specify the states after the formulae in the equation .
it is important to [name] the states after the formulae in the equation .

Democratic autonomy , which would specify conditions for the active participation of citizens in decisions which affect them , is Held 's Ideal .
democratic autonomy , which would [name] conditions for the active participation of citizens in decisions which affect them , is held 's ideal .

CompuAdd 's prices already offer you the best value in the business . Now , there 's an opportunity to save almost a further £500 — and to save it on a system you actually specify yourself …
compuadd 's prices already offer you the best value in the business . now , there 's an opportunity to save almost a further £500 — and to save it on a system you actually [name] yourself …

Borja also declared a monthly increase of 10 sucres in the price of petrol , but did not specify the effective date or duration of the measure .
borja also declared a monthly increase of 10 sucres in the price of petrol , but did not [name] the effective date or duration of the measure .

This was the first time that the government had confirmed that all votes would be of equal value ; de Klerk did not specify , however , whether there would be a common voters ' roll or separate rolls .
this was the first time that the government had confirmed that all votes would be of equal value ; de klerk did not [name] , however , whether there would be a common voters ' roll or separate rolls .

Despite the salutary scepticism of David Hume this scholastic convention has survived right down to the present day and is perhaps best explained by saying that when intellectuals who have the mental habits of university professors are invited to specify the distinguishing criteria of human beings they end up by producing a self-image of themselves .
despite the salutary scepticism of david hume this scholastic convention has survived right down to the present day and is perhaps best explained by saying that when intellectuals who have the mental habits of university professors are invited to [name] the distinguishing criteria of human beings they end up by producing a self-image of themselves .

We should for instance clearly specify whether or not we intend issuing a formal valuation report/opinion .
we should for instance clearly [name] whether or not we intend issuing a formal valuation report/opinion .

The memorandum should specify the individual shareholders , their shareholding and any particular rights attaching to specific classes of shares .
the memorandum should [name] the individual shareholders , their shareholding and any particular rights attaching to specific classes of shares .

Note : This section is meant to specify only expertise external to the firm introduced to the assignment .
note : this section is meant to [name] only expertise external to the firm introduced to the assignment .

Following the completion of the audit [ specify ] , we will carry out a review of the company , giving particular attention to those areas which are likely to be given close scrutiny during any due diligence procedure .
following the completion of the audit [ [name] ] , we will carry out a review of the company , giving particular attention to those areas which are likely to be given close scrutiny during any due diligence procedure .

It is envisaged that a list of approximately [ specify number ] likely interested parties will be generated from these three initiatives .
it is envisaged that a list of approximately [ [name] number ] likely interested parties will be generated from these three initiatives .

We mentioned at our meeting an indicative valuation of the company of approximately £ [ specify ] million .
we mentioned at our meeting an indicative valuation of the company of approximately £ [ [name] ] million .

This was based on adjusted maintainable pre-tax earnings of £ [ specify ] and a post-tax earnings of multiple of [ specify number ] .
this was based on adjusted maintainable pre-tax earnings of £ [ [name] ] and a post-tax earnings of multiple of [ [name] number ] .

This valuation is based on quoted companies of a broadly comparable nature to [ name ] of [ specify ] times historic earnings and [ specify ] times prospective earnings .
this valuation is based on quoted companies of a broadly comparable nature to [ name ] of [ [name] ] times historic earnings and [ [name] ] times prospective earnings .

Anticipated results for the year ended [ specify date ]
anticipated results for the year ended [ [name] date ]

Audited accounts as at [ specify date ]
audited accounts as at [ [name] date ]

Assuming no factual memorandum is required we hope to be able to make our report available within [ specify number ] weeks of any such visit subject to the receipt of ‘ outside ’ information , for example , the report of the compensation valuer .
assuming no factual memorandum is required we hope to be able to make our report available within [ [name] number ] weeks of any such visit subject to the receipt of ‘ outside ’ information , for example , the report of the compensation valuer .

This search could be further refined by defining minimum profitability , location etc , until a short list of say [ specify number , eg 15 ] companies is identified .
this search could be further refined by defining minimum profitability , location etc , until a short list of say [ [name] number , eg 15 ] companies is identified .

It is agreed that the text of the Memorandum will be finalised by a committee of the Board probably consisting of [ specify names ] .
it is agreed that the text of the memorandum will be finalised by a committee of the board probably consisting of [ [name] names ] .

It is envisaged that this will occur in [ specify date ] .
it is envisaged that this will occur in [ [name] date ] .

[ Shareholder ] has expressed the desire to dispose of its interest since following its recent refocussing it no longer feels able to act as [ name ] partner in the [ specify ] markets .
[ shareholder ] has expressed the desire to dispose of its interest since following its recent refocussing it no longer feels able to act as [ name ] partner in the [ [name] ] markets .

Suggested Compromises : The Purchaser to have the right of rescission for breaches which are ‘ so material ’ that they effectively change the nature of what the Purchaser thought it was acquiring ; any such compromise should ideally specify the measure of materiality either by reference to a specific amount of money or a percentage of the value of the business to be acquired although this may be felt to be impossible to quantify ; or
suggested compromises : the purchaser to have the right of rescission for breaches which are ‘ so material ’ that they effectively change the nature of what the purchaser thought it was acquiring ; any such compromise should ideally [name] the measure of materiality either by reference to a specific amount of money or a percentage of the value of the business to be acquired although this may be felt to be impossible to quantify ; or

The general vendor position should be to get the purchaser to specify matters of concern .
the general vendor position should be to get the purchaser to [name] matters of concern .

Amounts are difficult to specify absolutely .
amounts are difficult to [name] absolutely .

The variety of comment illustrates that it is not possible for outsiders to specify criteria of competent practice without indulging in prescriptive evaluation .
the variety of comment illustrates that it is not possible for outsiders to [name] criteria of competent practice without indulging in prescriptive evaluation .

The English form requires the applicant to specify the name of an English solicitor to act for him in England .
the english form requires the applicant to [name] the name of an english solicitor to act for him in england .

Staff are asked to specify the printer model when requesting ribbons , so that the correct type of ribbon can be supplied , e.g .
staff are asked to [name] the printer model when requesting ribbons , so that the correct type of ribbon can be supplied , e.g .

In Section 6.4.1 , for example , with microprocessor.based open.loop control it is possible to specify the duration of each step and the optimum velocity profile can be followed very closely .
in section 6.4.1 , for example , with microprocessor.based open.loop control it is possible to [name] the duration of each step and the optimum velocity profile can be followed very closely .

Many instructions are required just to specify that two numbers be divided .
many instructions are required just to [name] that two numbers be divided .

While it is possible to specify many reports when the system is first designed , their number and content change frequently .
while it is possible to [name] many reports when the system is first designed , their number and content change frequently .

More specific information can be given to tell the system to include only those employees from a particular grade , to specify how the information should be sorted , whether any totalling is required and to give a title .
more specific information can be given to tell the system to include only those employees from a particular grade , to [name] how the information should be sorted , whether any totalling is required and to give a title .

It would be only natural to suppose that this order should apply not only to the laws , but also to the conditions at the boundary of space-time that specify the initial state of the universe .
it would be only natural to suppose that this order should apply not only to the laws , but also to the conditions at the boundary of space-time that [name] the initial state of the universe .

On the other hand , the quantum theory of gravity has opened up a new possibility , in which there would be no boundary to space-time and so there would be no need to specify the behavior at the boundary .
on the other hand , the quantum theory of gravity has opened up a new possibility , in which there would be no boundary to space-time and so there would be no need to [name] the behavior at the boundary .

In a quantum theory of gravity , as we saw in the last chapter , in order to specify the state of the universe one would still have to say how the possible histories of the universe would behave at the boundary of space-time in the past .
in a quantum theory of gravity , as we saw in the last chapter , in order to [name] the state of the universe one would still have to say how the possible histories of the universe would behave at the boundary of space-time in the past .

It is true that often they do not specify a sum of money and sometimes contain many qualifications .
it is true that often they do not [name] a sum of money and sometimes contain many qualifications .

These can specify and require information to be included in advertisements or descriptions of goods ; they can specify and require instructions to be supplied with the goods .
these can [name] and require information to be included in advertisements or descriptions of goods ; they can [name] and require instructions to be supplied with the goods .

It is important to specify in your will who your executor is , to prevent delays in money being released to your family at what may be a difficult time for them .
it is important to [name] in your will who your executor is , to prevent delays in money being released to your family at what may be a difficult time for them .

The hardware requirements list on the box does n't specify that a mouse is needed .
the hardware requirements list on the box does n't [name] that a mouse is needed .

As you draw what you draw is reflected in as many mirrors as you specify .
as you draw what you draw is reflected in as many mirrors as you [name] .

For example , if you only specify a single mirror you can draw shapes that are symmetrical about a line — like a vase or light bulb etc .
for example , if you only [name] a single mirror you can draw shapes that are symmetrical about a line — like a vase or light bulb etc .

When it comes to a more sophisticated use , DLabel includes a database utility which allows you to specify fields from the a database to be printed at a given position .
when it comes to a more sophisticated use , dlabel includes a database utility which allows you to [name] fields from the a database to be printed at a given position .

You can also include a counter , which increments in whatever intervals you specify , to serial number your labels .
you can also include a counter , which increments in whatever intervals you [name] , to serial number your labels .

You could , for instance , specify a label the size of a ticket , and print your own raffle tickets ( you can print duplicate labels , you see ) , or serialise invitation cards etc .
you could , for instance , [name] a label the size of a ticket , and print your own raffle tickets ( you can print duplicate labels , you see ) , or serialise invitation cards etc .

DLabel has no idea what kind of paper or labels is in your printer , and takes your word for it that the size you specify is correct .
dlabel has no idea what kind of paper or labels is in your printer , and takes your word for it that the size you [name] is correct .

The default value for buffers is 0 , so if you do n't specify any , you wo n't get any .
the default value for buffers is 0 , so if you do n't [name] any , you wo n't get any .

You can specify a door to take you directly to another room , and just double click on it to get to another application .
you can [name] a door to take you directly to another room , and just double click on it to get to another application .

To do this you have to specify criteria and you do this in an area designated the as criteria range where you enter the fieldnames you want to use in a search .
to do this you have to [name] criteria and you do this in an area designated the as criteria range where you enter the fieldnames you want to use in a search .

So for example , to find all the recordings of music by Bach you would specify a condition meaning composer equals Bach .
so for example , to find all the recordings of music by bach you would [name] a condition meaning composer equals bach .

You can also use partial matches by using wildcard characters and you can specify multiple matches .
you can also use partial matches by using wildcard characters and you can [name] multiple matches .

If you want one type of match one or another then you specify them in different rows .
if you want one type of match one or another then you [name] them in different rows .

Rather than complete or approximate matches you can also specify conditions using the arithmetic operators = < > and so on .
rather than complete or approximate matches you can also [name] conditions using the arithmetic operators = < > and so on .

The main menu offers a selection of activities ( fig 1 ) , the main one being option 2 where you specify the text file you have prepared .
the main menu offers a selection of activities ( fig 1 ) , the main one being option 2 where you [name] the text file you have prepared .

Clicking this brings up another dialog box , where you can set which directories should be chosen , and specify the details that should select the file or files .
clicking this brings up another dialog box , where you can set which directories should be chosen , and [name] the details that should select the file or files .

‘ We will then start to be recognised by the people who specify job descriptions and conditions of employment , ’ he says .
‘ we will then start to be recognised by the people who [name] job descriptions and conditions of employment , ’ he says .

The additional command needed to specify that areas with a negative data value be excluded and that the class intervals be chosen so as to place an equal number of zones in each class is :
the additional command needed to [name] that areas with a negative data value be excluded and that the class intervals be chosen so as to place an equal number of zones in each class is :

This means that the user does not hag to specify that a legend is required , nor is it necessary to give any detailed instructions on the placement of the legend .
this means that the user does not hag to [name] that a legend is required , nor is it necessary to give any detailed instructions on the placement of the legend .

They specify locations and sizes of holes , with their respective tolerances and the finishes required .
they [name] locations and sizes of holes , with their respective tolerances and the finishes required .

He did not specify whether it was the mother of Osbern or the mother of the baby Waltheof who had died .
he did not [name] whether it was the mother of osbern or the mother of the baby waltheof who had died .

It is not particularly illuminating for the layman , as it does not specify the actual charge or reflect the real costs incurred in making the voyage .
it is not particularly illuminating for the layman , as it does not [name] the actual charge or reflect the real costs incurred in making the voyage .

The model assumes that managers can specify their information requirements and that these can be predicted by the information system .
the model assumes that managers can [name] their information requirements and that these can be predicted by the information system .

They will tend to stress long term objectives such as growth in assets , profitability , the degree and nature of diversification , earnings per share and social responsibility , and may specify the mission statement .
they will tend to stress long term objectives such as growth in assets , profitability , the degree and nature of diversification , earnings per share and social responsibility , and may [name] the mission statement .

Other likely members of the systems development team will be data analysts who will be involved in developing the data model , and systems analysts , systems designers and programmers who will specify the needs of the users , and design and develop the various subsystems and programs ( or choose and modify the application packages ) .
other likely members of the systems development team will be data analysts who will be involved in developing the data model , and systems analysts , systems designers and programmers who will [name] the needs of the users , and design and develop the various subsystems and programs ( or choose and modify the application packages ) .

It is possible to obtain forms on which to specify all the elements of the data analysis process .
it is possible to obtain forms on which to [name] all the elements of the data analysis process .

Users specify their needs rather than having to construct the procedures to retrieve the required data .
users [name] their needs rather than having to construct the procedures to retrieve the required data .

When manipulating data in hierarchies , it is necessary to specify to which level a request refers . For example if the next record is requested , is it the next at that level or at a parent level or at some other level ?
when manipulating data in hierarchies , it is necessary to [name] to which level a request refers . for example if the next record is requested , is it the next at that level or at a parent level or at some other level ?

In systems analysis , there are likely to be requirements to specify actions where there are a large number of conditions .
in systems analysis , there are likely to be requirements to [name] actions where there are a large number of conditions .

Gane and Sarson suggest that the techniques can be used to specify the system design and help in the implementation process .
gane and sarson suggest that the techniques can be used to [name] the system design and help in the implementation process .

Various light- extinction functions are introduced to specify the light received by plants with different patterns of foliage development .
various light- extinction functions are introduced to [name] the light received by plants with different patterns of foliage development .

( There is a minor imprecision in the definition since it does not specify the size and shape of the subject used to measure the blackout point , but the variation is slight , and ‘ the ’ blackout point is sufficiently accurate as defined . )
( there is a minor imprecision in the definition since it does not [name] the size and shape of the subject used to measure the blackout point , but the variation is slight , and ‘ the ’ blackout point is sufficiently accurate as defined . )

Level 5 — at this level the user must specify the area of the reference card and the order of averaging .
level 5 — at this level the user must [name] the area of the reference card and the order of averaging .

The inputs specify ‘ part ’ of a picture , ( it could be the whole ) .
the inputs [name] ‘ part ’ of a picture , ( it could be the whole ) .

Used to input a value to select an option , specify a parameter , terminate a pause etc .
used to input a value to select an option , [name] a parameter , terminate a pause etc .

Much of the work within linguistics has involved the development of grammars to specify the linguistic regularities of language .
much of the work within linguistics has involved the development of grammars to [name] the linguistic regularities of language .

Application of grammars requires knowledge of the grammatical behaviour of the words of the language ( stored in a lexicon ) and a parsing algorithm to specify how to apply the knowledge of the grammar and the syntactic behaviour of the words to the input .
application of grammars requires knowledge of the grammatical behaviour of the words of the language ( stored in a lexicon ) and a parsing algorithm to [name] how to apply the knowledge of the grammar and the syntactic behaviour of the words to the input .

The transformational component is a set of tree-rewrite rules which specify how to produce surface structure trees from the deep structure tree .
the transformational component is a set of tree-rewrite rules which [name] how to produce surface structure trees from the deep structure tree .

Spelling rules exist to specify when particular spelling changes can operate .
spelling rules exist to [name] when particular spelling changes can operate .

( Wells et al , 1990 ) Two options are available — one can select the character combinations based on transitional probabilities between characters or one can specify a vocabulary list and check the character combinations within that list .
( wells et al , 1990 ) two options are available — one can select the character combinations based on transitional probabilities between characters or one can [name] a vocabulary list and check the character combinations within that list .

For this application syntactic processing is required to determine exactly where in the output to correctly specify prosody .
for this application syntactic processing is required to determine exactly where in the output to correctly [name] prosody .

To avoid this the MITalk text-to-speech system ( Allen et al , 1987 ) used a simple phrase-level parser to specify prosody .
to avoid this the mitalk text-to-speech system ( allen et al , 1987 ) used a simple phrase-level parser to [name] prosody .

Well , pay us each 1,000 roubles a month and you will get it built within the time limit you specify , ’ is the line these days .
well , pay us each 1,000 roubles a month and you will get it built within the time limit you [name] , ’ is the line these days .

Will the Secretary of State specify the exact circumstances that led the Secretary of State for Transport and the Secretary of State for Scotland to give the clear impression during the Kincardine and Deeside by-election that a review of that decision was possible ? Was that a collective decision by the Tory party or the Cabinet to raise false expectations or were the Ministers acting in a freelance capacity ?
will the secretary of state [name] the exact circumstances that led the secretary of state for transport and the secretary of state for scotland to give the clear impression during the kincardine and deeside by-election that a review of that decision was possible ? was that a collective decision by the tory party or the cabinet to raise false expectations or were the ministers acting in a freelance capacity ?

The charter does not specify 14 minutes in urban areas and 19 minutes in rural areas during weekdays ; it sets that standard for seven days a week , 365 days of the year .
the charter does not [name] 14 minutes in urban areas and 19 minutes in rural areas during weekdays ; it sets that standard for seven days a week , 365 days of the year .

The contracts specify both prices and volume — 70 million tonnes this year , falling to 65 million tonnes next year .
the contracts [name] both prices and volume — 70 million tonnes this year , falling to 65 million tonnes next year .

Member for Ruislip-Northwood ( Mr. Wilkinson ) intervened in the Prime Minister 's speech and asked him to specify the Government 's aims and objectives at Maastricht .
member for ruislip-northwood ( mr. wilkinson ) intervened in the prime minister 's speech and asked him to [name] the government 's aims and objectives at maastricht .

In attempting to specify the features of a viable socialist economy we are not embarking on entirely uncharted water , though there are surprisingly few texts on which to draw , given the size and long history of the Western socialist movements .
in attempting to [name] the features of a viable socialist economy we are not embarking on entirely uncharted water , though there are surprisingly few texts on which to draw , given the size and long history of the western socialist movements .

[ … ] The Revolutionary Left since Marx 's time has normally been reluctant to specify in any great detail the nature of the society it seeks to create .
[ … ] the revolutionary left since marx 's time has normally been reluctant to [name] in any great detail the nature of the society it seeks to create .

owing to the difficulty of forecasting [ … ] the less possible , and indeed , the less desirable it is for the person purchasing to specify what the other contracting party is expected to do [ … ] Therefore , the service which is being provided is expressed in general terms , the exact details being left until a later date [ … ] The details of what the supplier is expected to do is not stated in the contract but is decided later by the purchaser .
owing to the difficulty of forecasting [ … ] the less possible , and indeed , the less desirable it is for the person purchasing to [name] what the other contracting party is expected to do [ … ] therefore , the service which is being provided is expressed in general terms , the exact details being left until a later date [ … ] the details of what the supplier is expected to do is not stated in the contract but is decided later by the purchaser .

It appears that only particular components of the reading process are susceptible to impairment by the irrelevant speech , and the research aims to specify these .
it appears that only particular components of the reading process are susceptible to impairment by the irrelevant speech , and the research aims to [name] these .

The bye-laws specify how and where such equipment may be connected to the household plumbing system and the types of fitting and system allowed .
the bye-laws [name] how and where such equipment may be connected to the household plumbing system and the types of fitting and system allowed .

The manufacturer 's catalogue will specify the fixing distance for the gutter brackets : normally these will be every 1m ( or 3ft ) , with extra brackets at corners and where the outlets are fitted .
the manufacturer 's catalogue will [name] the fixing distance for the gutter brackets : normally these will be every 1m ( or 3ft ) , with extra brackets at corners and where the outlets are fitted .

Once constructed , the application of the classification schemes involves synthesis or the drawing together of the single concepts which are listed in the scheme from their different facets in order to specify compound subjects .
once constructed , the application of the classification schemes involves synthesis or the drawing together of the single concepts which are listed in the scheme from their different facets in order to [name] compound subjects .

The expressive notation facilitates abridgement in order to specify broader categories .
the expressive notation facilitates abridgement in order to [name] broader categories .

One particular strength is that it is possible to specify both the area and the subject of the map .
one particular strength is that it is possible to [name] both the area and the subject of the map .

In order to examine the implications for tax incidence , we need to specify a theory of involuntary unemployment , and here there is considerable disagreement .
in order to examine the implications for tax incidence , we need to [name] a theory of involuntary unemployment , and here there is considerable disagreement .

In order to make further progress , we need to specify the savings process .
in order to make further progress , we need to [name] the savings process .

‘ And , if you 'd given me the chance to finish , you would also have heard me specify ‘ for the general collection ’ .
‘ and , if you 'd given me the chance to finish , you would also have heard me [name] ‘ for the general collection ’ .

The problem , simply stated , is that for any rational expectations model one can always specify a non-rational expectations model which has exactly the same implications for a given set of data , even though it may have other implications which are quite different .
the problem , simply stated , is that for any rational expectations model one can always [name] a non-rational expectations model which has exactly the same implications for a given set of data , even though it may have other implications which are quite different .

If expectations are formed , say , adaptively then it is always possible to specify a rule for government policy which will consistently fool people .
if expectations are formed , say , adaptively then it is always possible to [name] a rule for government policy which will consistently fool people .

Because of the Uncertainty Principle , it is not possible for a molecule to have zero vibrational energy ; if it had , we could specify both the positions and the momenta of the atoms precisely .
because of the uncertainty principle , it is not possible for a molecule to have zero vibrational energy ; if it had , we could [name] both the positions and the momenta of the atoms precisely .

The aim of this paper is to specify and estimate a model of the behaviour of an unemployed individual which extends previous research in two ways .
the aim of this paper is to [name] and estimate a model of the behaviour of an unemployed individual which extends previous research in two ways .

Starting from the theory of job search we specify an estimable model which is derived under a particular assumption regarding the dynamic behaviour of the unemployed individual .
starting from the theory of job search we [name] an estimable model which is derived under a particular assumption regarding the dynamic behaviour of the unemployed individual .

( v ) . We specify the vacancy-wage distribution to be Log Normal with mean µ and variance
( v ) . we [name] the vacancy-wage distribution to be log normal with mean µ and variance

Piloting his tinny little car west out of Oxford with blithe disregard for the rules of the road , he declined to specify their destination — beyond the fact that it was where Morpurgo had met with his accident — and instead treated Harry to a detailed account of the death of Ramsey Everett , an account which he had previously given Heather , almost , it seemed , word for word .
piloting his tinny little car west out of oxford with blithe disregard for the rules of the road , he declined to [name] their destination — beyond the fact that it was where morpurgo had met with his accident — and instead treated harry to a detailed account of the death of ramsey everett , an account which he had previously given heather , almost , it seemed , word for word .

The contract will also specify the future level of benefits for those currently contributing to the fund .
the contract will also [name] the future level of benefits for those currently contributing to the fund .

The contract might then specify that each year of service entitles the employee to one-eightieth of that figure .
the contract might then [name] that each year of service entitles the employee to one-eightieth of that figure .

Local authorities now have four main sources of funds for capital expenditure : borrowing , which is subject to approval by central government ; capital grants , also from central government , which will specify the purposes for which they are to be used , and the amount the local authority must itself contribute ; capital receipts , from the sale of assets such as land and council houses , though the local authorities must first set aside 50 % of these receipts ( 75 % in the case of council house sales ) towards repaying their debts ; and ordinary revenue from the Community Charge , etc .
local authorities now have four main sources of funds for capital expenditure : borrowing , which is subject to approval by central government ; capital grants , also from central government , which will [name] the purposes for which they are to be used , and the amount the local authority must itself contribute ; capital receipts , from the sale of assets such as land and council houses , though the local authorities must first set aside 50 % of these receipts ( 75 % in the case of council house sales ) towards repaying their debts ; and ordinary revenue from the community charge , etc .

Many job advertisements specify the precise City and Guilds Certificate required by number , e.g .
many job advertisements [name] the precise city and guilds certificate required by number , e.g .

The Act also empowers the Secretary of State to define the structure and content of each of these subjects in considerable detail , and to specify what pupils of different abilities should study and achieve at various ages .
the act also empowers the secretary of state to define the structure and content of each of these subjects in considerable detail , and to [name] what pupils of different abilities should study and achieve at various ages .

When the path is that of light some alternative parameter to π can always be defined to specify the path length consistently .
when the path is that of light some alternative parameter to π can always be defined to [name] the path length consistently .

Words can not then specify the nature of the underlying dimension .
words can not then [name] the nature of the underlying dimension .

Only later did Oliver Michaels come back with the sobering news that the hotel was strangely full of policemen , that there was no breakfast to be had save for coffee and muffins , without a trek to the Albion Hotel , and moreover there was thought to be something odd about Sir Thomas 's death which no one would specify .
only later did oliver michaels come back with the sobering news that the hotel was strangely full of policemen , that there was no breakfast to be had save for coffee and muffins , without a trek to the albion hotel , and moreover there was thought to be something odd about sir thomas 's death which no one would [name] .

Evaluation form did not specify which one they had attended . 15 had comments in the positive range from helpful to excellent , informative , well structured/
evaluation form did not [name] which one they had attended . 15 had comments in the positive range from helpful to excellent , informative , well structured/

The Assessment Procedures will specify an Instrument of Assessment .
the assessment procedures will [name] an instrument of assessment .

These specify what the candidate must be able to do to be accredited .
these [name] what the candidate must be able to do to be accredited .

Memory for parking a car appears to be generally very good at least in allowing the driver to specify its current location several hours later .
memory for parking a car appears to be generally very good at least in allowing the driver to [name] its current location several hours later .

This has the advantage of being an area for which accident statistics are routinely recorded as well as being easy to specify to subjects and involving many of the more interesting aspects of driving .
this has the advantage of being an area for which accident statistics are routinely recorded as well as being easy to [name] to subjects and involving many of the more interesting aspects of driving .

The reason that the overall effects of schemata are difficult to specify is that they are thought to have separate effects on different processes .
the reason that the overall effects of schemata are difficult to [name] is that they are thought to have separate effects on different processes .

We do not intend to set up an alternative formal system ( uninterpreted in itself ) to act as the interpretation for our syntax , and we shall not just specify patterns of co-occurring word classes on the supposition that causal factors are described by exhibiting the phenomena they govern ( or , worse , that the two are the same ) ; this mistake , which has been widely made , reverses the logical priorities — rather as if one were to answer an enquiry about the underlying geological structure of a region by offering aerial photographs of the terrain .
we do not intend to set up an alternative formal system ( uninterpreted in itself ) to act as the interpretation for our syntax , and we shall not just [name] patterns of co-occurring word classes on the supposition that causal factors are described by exhibiting the phenomena they govern ( or , worse , that the two are the same ) ; this mistake , which has been widely made , reverses the logical priorities — rather as if one were to answer an enquiry about the underlying geological structure of a region by offering aerial photographs of the terrain .

Let us now consider ( 39 ) where the word plastered follows its noun ( again , an attributive interpretation is possible in principle — Clara might be an offensively wealthy tourist who travels round Italy trying to buy buildings and parts of buildings to take home as souvenirs ; but we shall assume that this meaning can safely be left out of account ) : ( 39 ) Clara wants the façade plastered It at once becomes apparent that this may specify either an event , with the façade on the receiving end of it , or a state which Clara wishes to see existing in the façade .
let us now consider ( 39 ) where the word plastered follows its noun ( again , an attributive interpretation is possible in principle — clara might be an offensively wealthy tourist who travels round italy trying to buy buildings and parts of buildings to take home as souvenirs ; but we shall assume that this meaning can safely be left out of account ) : ( 39 ) clara wants the façade plastered it at once becomes apparent that this may [name] either an event , with the façade on the receiving end of it , or a state which clara wishes to see existing in the façade .

Second , in the case of these clausal adjectives , it is possible to specify a tense , which may differ from that of the main verb , just as may the tense of an explicit subordinate clause .
second , in the case of these clausal adjectives , it is possible to [name] a tense , which may differ from that of the main verb , just as may the tense of an explicit subordinate clause .

Physics is interested only in those abstracted features of the world which its theories specify : one way of describing what physics does is `` go beneath `` how the world appears to us to uncover the `` real `` physical principles and processes which produce the ordered universe .
physics is interested only in those abstracted features of the world which its theories [name] : one way of describing what physics does is `` go beneath `` how the world appears to us to uncover the `` real `` physical principles and processes which produce the ordered universe .

None the less , it is necessary to point out that there have been a number of attempts to develop what might be called , `` theories of data `` , that is to specify what can count as suitable data for scientific disciplines : some of these we shall be looking at in this book .
none the less , it is necessary to point out that there have been a number of attempts to develop what might be called , `` theories of data `` , that is to [name] what can count as suitable data for scientific disciplines : some of these we shall be looking at in this book .

For him , the only way to bridge the gap between theory and data is by the development of `` auxiliary measurement theories `` which can better specify appropriate measures and their levels and , through this , contribute to theory development .
for him , the only way to bridge the gap between theory and data is by the development of `` auxiliary measurement theories `` which can better [name] appropriate measures and their levels and , through this , contribute to theory development .

It did not , however , specify what would happen if no candidate fulfilled this condition .
it did not , however , [name] what would happen if no candidate fulfilled this condition .

( 2 ) Requiring plaintiffs to specify the hiring or promotional method they considered to have a " disparate impact " on the work force .
( 2 ) requiring plaintiffs to [name] the hiring or promotional method they considered to have a " disparate impact " on the work force .

The meeting was intended to specify the mechanism by which foreign debt would be repaid by the republics , following the memorandum signed in October [ see p. 38537 ] .
the meeting was intended to [name] the mechanism by which foreign debt would be repaid by the republics , following the memorandum signed in october [ see p. 38537 ] .

The draft constitution , to be voted on in the April referendum , would reduce the legislature to a single , bicameral body ; specify the supremacy of federal law over that of constituent republics ; and retain the President as `` head of state and the highest executive in Russia `` .
the draft constitution , to be voted on in the april referendum , would reduce the legislature to a single , bicameral body ; [name] the supremacy of federal law over that of constituent republics ; and retain the president as `` head of state and the highest executive in russia `` .

It is helpful to specify concepts which underpin the content , e.g .
it is helpful to [name] concepts which underpin the content , e.g .

Attempting to find out about the extent to which Creole was used by London schoolchildren , Rosen and Burgess asked teachers to specify whether pupils spoke `` ( a ) Standard , ( b ) a full regional Creole , or ( c ) a London/regional mix `` ( 1980 : 58 ) .
attempting to find out about the extent to which creole was used by london schoolchildren , rosen and burgess asked teachers to [name] whether pupils spoke `` ( a ) standard , ( b ) a full regional creole , or ( c ) a london/regional mix `` ( 1980 : 58 ) .

However , Sutcliffe does not specify the details of language choice within the home , saying only that `` complicated factors `` are involved .
however , sutcliffe does not [name] the details of language choice within the home , saying only that `` complicated factors `` are involved .

This last category Gumperz describes as somewhat more difficult to specify in purely descriptive terms .
this last category gumperz describes as somewhat more difficult to [name] in purely descriptive terms .

Obviously it records when and to whom the king was giving what , and so provides evidence on royal possessions and patronage , although some texts specify that the grantee purchased the item concerned , and this may sometimes have occurred even when not stated .
obviously it records when and to whom the king was giving what , and so provides evidence on royal possessions and patronage , although some texts [name] that the grantee purchased the item concerned , and this may sometimes have occurred even when not stated .

Should general SVQs specify a certain number of credits ? If so , have we specified the right number ?
should general svqs [name] a certain number of credits ? if so , have we specified the right number ?

1 . The register of foreign lawyers shall specify , in respect of each registered foreign lawyer the following information : —
1 . the register of foreign lawyers shall [name] , in respect of each registered foreign lawyer the following information : —

( i ) a certificate of good standing from each of the applicant 's home law societies , bars , chambers or courts ( as appropriate ) in such terms as the Law Society may from time to time specify ;
( i ) a certificate of good standing from each of the applicant 's home law societies , bars , chambers or courts ( as appropriate ) in such terms as the law society may from time to time [name] ;

Every entry in the register shall specify the date by which each registered foreign lawyer shall apply for his or her registration to be renewed .
every entry in the register shall [name] the date by which each registered foreign lawyer shall apply for his or her registration to be renewed .

Specify evidence of change of name being a marriage certificate , deed poll , statutory declaration or other document .
[name] evidence of change of name being a marriage certificate , deed poll , statutory declaration or other document .

They represent the set of minimal units required to uniquely specify a word , with the exception of homophones .
they represent the set of minimal units required to uniquely [name] a word , with the exception of homophones .

This relieves earlier levels of the obligation to fully specify the phonetic characteristics of the input , and allows words to be considered as hypotheses through gradual accumulation of evidence , rather than through the binary decisions inherent in the tree structure .
this relieves earlier levels of the obligation to fully [name] the phonetic characteristics of the input , and allows words to be considered as hypotheses through gradual accumulation of evidence , rather than through the binary decisions inherent in the tree structure .

However , the less able the front end is to specify the full characteristics of the phonetic input , the more difficult it becomes to distinguish lexical hypotheses .
however , the less able the front end is to [name] the full characteristics of the phonetic input , the more difficult it becomes to distinguish lexical hypotheses .

Get evokes the infinitive 's event as a result which has been achieved or obtained but does not specify by what means .
get evokes the infinitive 's event as a result which has been achieved or obtained but does not [name] by what means .

Consequently , for She may own a Porsche , the following diagram can be proposed : The relation is the same for She may leave tomorrow except that the actualization of the infinitive 's event would be future ( if it is realized at all ) : The role of the modal auxiliaries is thus to specify the kind of potentiality which the potential event expressed by the infinitive has — possibility , probability , necessity , etc .
consequently , for she may own a porsche , the following diagram can be proposed : the relation is the same for she may leave tomorrow except that the actualization of the infinitive 's event would be future ( if it is realized at all ) : the role of the modal auxiliaries is thus to [name] the kind of potentiality which the potential event expressed by the infinitive has — possibility , probability , necessity , etc .

She did not specify , even to herself , the harm that might come to Alice , but it was bound up with love , with loving a man .
she did not [name] , even to herself , the harm that might come to alice , but it was bound up with love , with loving a man .

The mine captain might specify a tunnel to be driven 6 ft. high by 5 ft. wide and agree on a bargain of so much per unit of advance invariably the fathom ( 6 ft . )
the mine captain might [name] a tunnel to be driven 6 ft. high by 5 ft. wide and agree on a bargain of so much per unit of advance invariably the fathom ( 6 ft . )

In order to get a response in subject searching , the user has had not only to specify his needs but also to specify them in a way that `` matches `` the system .
in order to get a response in subject searching , the user has had not only to [name] his needs but also to [name] them in a way that `` matches `` the system .

attempt to define what Wersig calls the `` problem situation `` and consider information need as arising from `` a recognized anomaly in the user 's state of knowledge concerning some topic or situation and that in general , the user is unable to specify precisely what is needed to resolve that anomaly . ``
attempt to define what wersig calls the `` problem situation `` and consider information need as arising from `` a recognized anomaly in the user 's state of knowledge concerning some topic or situation and that in general , the user is unable to [name] precisely what is needed to resolve that anomaly . ``

We may go further and specify confidence limits such as 95 per cent .
we may go further and [name] confidence limits such as 95 per cent .

The Head of Department was first asked to specify how he and his colleagues assessed their pupils ' work , illustrating the process by assessing a pencil drawing which was mounted on the wall .
the head of department was first asked to [name] how he and his colleagues assessed their pupils ' work , illustrating the process by assessing a pencil drawing which was mounted on the wall .

They specify locations and sizes of holes , with their respective tolerances and the finishes required .
they [name] locations and sizes of holes , with their respective tolerances and the finishes required .

In all cases it is of the essence to specify the work to be done in an unambiguous form and to make it quite clear which party is responsible for which elements .
in all cases it is of the essence to [name] the work to be done in an unambiguous form and to make it quite clear which party is responsible for which elements .

An important , but often neglected , requirement is to specify the source of the data that will be used in judging success or failure .
an important , but often neglected , requirement is to [name] the source of the data that will be used in judging success or failure .

It is essential to specify clearly , at the time the objectives are agreed , which record will be used .
it is essential to [name] clearly , at the time the objectives are agreed , which record will be used .

This to make the next rectangle simpler to specify .
this to make the next rectangle simpler to [name] .

How long would it take for selection to specify 10 8 base pairs ?
how long would it take for selection to [name] 10 8 base pairs ?

She has recently left home , and whenever they talk about her my parents ' voices are disapproving , as if she has gone off the rails in some way which they do n't specify .
she has recently left home , and whenever they talk about her my parents ' voices are disapproving , as if she has gone off the rails in some way which they do n't [name] .

Instead , the laws specify offences in a radical new way so as to reverse the burden of proof implicity .
instead , the laws [name] offences in a radical new way so as to reverse the burden of proof implicity .

Laws used to specify offences such as loitering with intent or malicious wounding , so that it was up to the prosecutor to prove the evil character of an act that might be more or less culpable .
laws used to [name] offences such as loitering with intent or malicious wounding , so that it was up to the prosecutor to prove the evil character of an act that might be more or less culpable .

For example , the program did not specify that in the year 1815 a battle would be fought near Waterloo and that the French would be defeated , but only that man is aggressive by nature , that he is condemned to wage war and that technical progress would make war more and more terrible .
for example , the program did not [name] that in the year 1815 a battle would be fought near waterloo and that the french would be defeated , but only that man is aggressive by nature , that he is condemned to wage war and that technical progress would make war more and more terrible .

It is their responsibility to decide what new equipments are needed , and to specify their performance and other critical parameters .
it is their responsibility to decide what new equipments are needed , and to [name] their performance and other critical parameters .

Instead of persuading the user to specify requirements , the analyst will be driven by the user to meet key needs .
instead of persuading the user to [name] requirements , the analyst will be driven by the user to meet key needs .

The military influence survives in an unobtrusive but strict adherence to timetables that specify where the party should be every five minutes of the day .
the military influence survives in an unobtrusive but strict adherence to timetables that [name] where the party should be every five minutes of the day .

They claim that the education authority 's official statement of his learning difficulties failed to specify the amount of extra teaching he should have , and that his school was unable to provide the five hours a week one-to-one lessons they believe he needs .
they claim that the education authority 's official statement of his learning difficulties failed to [name] the amount of extra teaching he should have , and that his school was unable to provide the five hours a week one-to-one lessons they believe he needs .

Civil Aviation regulations specify that both the outbound and inbound sections of the air ticket must be used .
civil aviation regulations [name] that both the outbound and inbound sections of the air ticket must be used .

Firstly , it is appropriate to examine some broad themes from the commercial — industrial fields and secondly it is proposed to specify a series of inter-related questions which , taken together , will determine our approach to the location and thus the nature of education management .
firstly , it is appropriate to examine some broad themes from the commercial — industrial fields and secondly it is proposed to [name] a series of inter-related questions which , taken together , will determine our approach to the location and thus the nature of education management .

Teacher dictates role for listener as friend , etc. but does not specify attitude .
teacher dictates role for listener as friend , etc. but does not [name] attitude .

The latter will help specify how you are intending to reach each aim .
the latter will help [name] how you are intending to reach each aim .

There fungal decay is found , this expert should specify the cause and suggest measures for its elimination .
there fungal decay is found , this expert should [name] the cause and suggest measures for its elimination .

Perversely set designer Bernard Culshaw scatters the stage in Act 2 with great polystyrene rocks , and then removes them for Act 3 , when the stage directions do specify just such rocks .
perversely set designer bernard culshaw scatters the stage in act 2 with great polystyrene rocks , and then removes them for act 3 , when the stage directions do [name] just such rocks .

Perversely set designer Bernard Culshaw scatters the stage in Act 2 with great polystyrene rocks , and then removes them for Act 3 , when the stage directions do specify just such rocks .
perversely set designer bernard culshaw scatters the stage in act 2 with great polystyrene rocks , and then removes them for act 3 , when the stage directions do [name] just such rocks .

He declined , however , to specify what type of vehicle production was being considered and said the discussions were still at a preliminary stage .
he declined , however , to [name] what type of vehicle production was being considered and said the discussions were still at a preliminary stage .

Mr Ryan declined to name the embassies or the foreign countries he had approached or to specify what sums had been raised .
mr ryan declined to name the embassies or the foreign countries he had approached or to [name] what sums had been raised .

… social psychologists spent years conducting experiments to specify the exact parameters of a hypothetical motivational state called ‘ cognitive dissonance ’ … Certainly , an enormous amount of unproductive work could have been saved if phenomenological analyses were first performed to ‘ see ’ if this supposed psychological state actually existed … ( p. 1236 ) .
… social psychologists spent years conducting experiments to [name] the exact parameters of a hypothetical motivational state called ‘ cognitive dissonance ’ … certainly , an enormous amount of unproductive work could have been saved if phenomenological analyses were first performed to ‘ see ’ if this supposed psychological state actually existed … ( p. 1236 ) .

One could perhaps specify further : it was normal for disputes in Ireland to be referred to the Congregation of Propaganda , as Ireland , being part of a protestant state , fell under its jurisdiction .
one could perhaps [name] further : it was normal for disputes in ireland to be referred to the congregation of propaganda , as ireland , being part of a protestant state , fell under its jurisdiction .

These devices can back up the whole system or only those parts which you specify , and are very fast .
these devices can back up the whole system or only those parts which you [name] , and are very fast .

It does n't specify conditions .
it does n't [name] conditions .

Mr Duncan Nichol , health service chief executive , said districts would in time need to draw up strategies for their populations , and specify measurable improvements .
mr duncan nichol , health service chief executive , said districts would in time need to draw up strategies for their populations , and [name] measurable improvements .

The contracts between authorities and hospitals would not specify detailed quality criteria .
the contracts between authorities and hospitals would not [name] detailed quality criteria .

The agreement must specify that this 20 per cent should be on money actually received by the artist , not on items such as bad debts , and that there should be allowances for exactly what the commission is chargeable on in certain circumstances .
the agreement must [name] that this 20 per cent should be on money actually received by the artist , not on items such as bad debts , and that there should be allowances for exactly what the commission is chargeable on in certain circumstances .

Others ( please specify )
others ( please [name] )

The Princess appeared to be at pains to avoid sensationalism as she declined to specify the abuses that the federation is aiming to stamp out .
the princess appeared to be at pains to avoid sensationalism as she declined to [name] the abuses that the federation is aiming to stamp out .

Discourses on punishment and dictionary definitions of the term clearly specify the central feature of punishment as being the infliction of pain rather than the loss of liberty per se ( Hudson , 1987 ) .
discourses on punishment and dictionary definitions of the term clearly [name] the central feature of punishment as being the infliction of pain rather than the loss of liberty per se ( hudson , 1987 ) .

After a brief review of attempts to specify organizational characteristics and of the methodological problems they pose to the researcher , a preliminary study is reported .
after a brief review of attempts to [name] organizational characteristics and of the methodological problems they pose to the researcher , a preliminary study is reported .

Video users should also have to give the number and location of their cameras , post public warning notices , and specify who is entitled to operate the system .
video users should also have to give the number and location of their cameras , post public warning notices , and [name] who is entitled to operate the system .

In cases where life imprisonment was thought to be the appropriate sentence , the trial judge would still specify — in open court — the number of years to be spent in prison , taking the gravity of the offence into account , and release would be determined by a judicial tribunal .
in cases where life imprisonment was thought to be the appropriate sentence , the trial judge would still [name] — in open court — the number of years to be spent in prison , taking the gravity of the offence into account , and release would be determined by a judicial tribunal .

It is generally price advantageous to specify powders although in use they may be more difficult to control and dose .
it is generally price advantageous to [name] powders although in use they may be more difficult to control and dose .

Large industrial users can specify 180 litre drums ( the old 40 gallon drums ) with detergent being drawn from a tap to an intermediate container .
large industrial users can [name] 180 litre drums ( the old 40 gallon drums ) with detergent being drawn from a tap to an intermediate container .

Specify the exact nature of each task in time order
[name] the exact nature of each task in time order

An omission of the first would lead to a failure to specify the physical processes of soil erosion , their spatial variability and interaction , and indeed the immediate causal variables such as slope , soil structure , vegetative cover , land use , rainfall intensity and so on .
an omission of the first would lead to a failure to [name] the physical processes of soil erosion , their spatial variability and interaction , and indeed the immediate causal variables such as slope , soil structure , vegetative cover , land use , rainfall intensity and so on .

It is , of course , necessary for these theorists to specify how the learning of a zero correlation produces the effects it does .
it is , of course , necessary for these theorists to [name] how the learning of a zero correlation produces the effects it does .

This suggestion is not implausible but it remains to specify the mechanism by which the content of a memory might act to determine its retrievability .
this suggestion is not implausible but it remains to [name] the mechanism by which the content of a memory might act to determine its retrievability .

To endorse the suggestion that information acquired during pre-exposure interferes with the use of that acquired during conditioning requires an attempt to specify the nature of the information acquired in the first phase .
to endorse the suggestion that information acquired during pre-exposure interferes with the use of that acquired during conditioning requires an attempt to [name] the nature of the information acquired in the first phase .

Although at first sight the quotations reproduced above may seem to have said all that needs to be said , it will be worthwhile trying to specify exactly the mechanisms by which associative mediation theory generates the effects that need to be explained .
although at first sight the quotations reproduced above may seem to have said all that needs to be said , it will be worthwhile trying to [name] exactly the mechanisms by which associative mediation theory generates the effects that need to be explained .

They categorised all applicants , genuine or otherwise , who were unable or unwilling to specify their long term intentions , as necessarily falling outside the ambit of the rules and thus doomed to inevitable failure when applying for entry clearance .
they categorised all applicants , genuine or otherwise , who were unable or unwilling to [name] their long term intentions , as necessarily falling outside the ambit of the rules and thus doomed to inevitable failure when applying for entry clearance .

It had been reported that Smith was to send a written offer to Celtic for Aitken , and although Smith would not specify the amount it became common knowledge that it was for around £300,000 .
it had been reported that smith was to send a written offer to celtic for aitken , and although smith would not [name] the amount it became common knowledge that it was for around £300,000 .

While California 's engineers do not specify precisely what a minor or moderate quake is , a major quake is one that will accelerate a building at 40 per cent of gravity .
while california 's engineers do not [name] precisely what a minor or moderate quake is , a major quake is one that will accelerate a building at 40 per cent of gravity .

For a while the palazzo became an important meeting point of the political and artistic halves of the city , but history does not specify whether in the longer term Sgr Greppi was admitted to the ranks of noblemen .
for a while the palazzo became an important meeting point of the political and artistic halves of the city , but history does not [name] whether in the longer term sgr greppi was admitted to the ranks of noblemen .

Second , where a child with special educational needs is ‘ statemented ’ under section 7 ( 1 ) Education Act 1981 ( see Chapter 5 ) , the statement may exclude the application of the National Curriculum or specify its provision in a modified form ( section 18 ) .
second , where a child with special educational needs is ‘ statemented ’ under section 7 ( 1 ) education act 1981 ( see chapter 5 ) , the statement may exclude the application of the national curriculum or [name] its provision in a modified form ( section 18 ) .

These strands do not continue throughout the levels because it is not possible to specify further measurable stages of development in these abilities , and it would be cumbersome to repeat them unchanged throughout the remaining seven levels .
these strands do not continue throughout the levels because it is not possible to [name] further measurable stages of development in these abilities , and it would be cumbersome to repeat them unchanged throughout the remaining seven levels .

This aspect of writing development is one in which it is relatively easy to specify the direction of development , and achievements at higher levels , but where the precise specification of intermediate levels is much more difficult .
this aspect of writing development is one in which it is relatively easy to [name] the direction of development , and achievements at higher levels , but where the precise specification of intermediate levels is much more difficult .

These statements specify the educational and other provisions that are necessary to meet the pupil 's particular needs .
these statements [name] the educational and other provisions that are necessary to meet the pupil 's particular needs .

But the Eddie did n't specify a date at all , beyond a vague ‘ waiting period ’ that extended from the beginning of December through to the end of February .
but the eddie did n't [name] a date at all , beyond a vague ‘ waiting period ’ that extended from the beginning of december through to the end of february .

It may even turn out that these growth factors are the signals from the organizer which specify the main body axis .
it may even turn out that these growth factors are the signals from the organizer which [name] the main body axis .

Lineage itself could specify cell fate .
lineage itself could [name] cell fate .

These constituents would then specify how the cells develop .
these constituents would then [name] how the cells develop .

They look no different from any other cells in the limb bud but they have the ability to specify the position of the cells along the antero-posterior axis .
they look no different from any other cells in the limb bud but they have the ability to [name] the position of the cells along the antero-posterior axis .

The hope was that the morphogen in the mixture would slowly leak out and specify new digits .
the hope was that the morphogen in the mixture would slowly leak out and [name] new digits .

If a piece of tissue is taken from the posterior margin of a mouse limb bud and grafted into the anterior region of a chick limb bud , it too can specify additional digits , but the digits are , of course , chick digits .
if a piece of tissue is taken from the posterior margin of a mouse limb bud and grafted into the anterior region of a chick limb bud , it too can [name] additional digits , but the digits are , of course , chick digits .

For example , the polarizing region from the leg will produce extra digits , and a wing-polarizing region in the leg will specify additional toes .
for example , the polarizing region from the leg will produce extra digits , and a wing-polarizing region in the leg will [name] additional toes .

Since there is no signalling region to specify position along the antero-posterior axis — the cells being all mixed up , they are clearly capable of self-organization .
since there is no signalling region to [name] position along the antero-posterior axis — the cells being all mixed up , they are clearly capable of self-organization .

The same positional information is used to specify all the structures in the limb .
the same positional information is used to [name] all the structures in the limb .

The criteria are supposed to define the main area of knowledge and understanding , and to specify the skills and competences to be tested in each subject .
the criteria are supposed to define the main area of knowledge and understanding , and to [name] the skills and competences to be tested in each subject .

Does the advertisement specify a certain age range ?
does the advertisement [name] a certain age range ?

Respondents who indicated that ‘ all senior staff ’ or all ‘ section heads ’ or all ‘ supervisory staff ’ have training responsibilities , but who did not specify any individuals as having a co-ordinating role , or spending at least one-quarter of their time on training , were also included in the second group .
respondents who indicated that ‘ all senior staff ’ or all ‘ section heads ’ or all ‘ supervisory staff ’ have training responsibilities , but who did not [name] any individuals as having a co-ordinating role , or spending at least one-quarter of their time on training , were also included in the second group .

The training officer group were more likely to refer to joint or group decisions , none of them specifically mentioned the need for central approval , few mentioned relevancy to post as being essential ( or if they did it was within a wider framework of reference than relevance to post alone ) , and they were more likely to specify that the needs of the service and the needs of the individual were both taken into account .
the training officer group were more likely to refer to joint or group decisions , none of them specifically mentioned the need for central approval , few mentioned relevancy to post as being essential ( or if they did it was within a wider framework of reference than relevance to post alone ) , and they were more likely to [name] that the needs of the service and the needs of the individual were both taken into account .

The present aim of shaft design is to specify a particular bending flexibility in the shaft while reducing twisting as far as possible .
the present aim of shaft design is to [name] a particular bending flexibility in the shaft while reducing twisting as far as possible .

Interestingly , the Classification Research Project did not specify the computerisation of the information system as one of its objectives .
interestingly , the classification research project did not [name] the computerisation of the information system as one of its objectives .

If the contract does not specify the ‘ proper law ’ , tricky questions can arise .
if the contract does not [name] the ‘ proper law ’ , tricky questions can arise .

This may be verbal and , strangely , the Act does not specify how long your notice should be .
this may be verbal and , strangely , the act does not [name] how long your notice should be .

The tribunal must specify various elements in its award of compensation if you have received certain state benefits .
the tribunal must [name] various elements in its award of compensation if you have received certain state benefits .

Ideally , one would like to be able to specify the particular solution corresponding to an arbitrary set of initial conditions .
ideally , one would like to be able to [name] the particular solution corresponding to an arbitrary set of initial conditions .

There will need to be contracts negotiated between purchasers and providers for hospital services . These contracts will need to specify services supplied and prices and will probably be in three forms :
there will need to be contracts negotiated between purchasers and providers for hospital services . these contracts will need to [name] services supplied and prices and will probably be in three forms :

Drummond et al ( 1989 ) argue that it is important to specify contracts in considerable detail , including the client group to be served , the treatment methods to be applied , the standards of care to be achieved and the arrangements for monitoring .
drummond et al ( 1989 ) argue that it is important to [name] contracts in considerable detail , including the client group to be served , the treatment methods to be applied , the standards of care to be achieved and the arrangements for monitoring .

We might , for example , find that in a particular residential area there are unexpectedly large numbers of households with ‘ lodgers ’ and so we might want to add this as a specific category in the household composition ; or we might find that on an attitude question views are rather more extreme than we had anticipated and so a new response category could be usefully put in to save us noting responses under ‘ Others , specify … ’ in many cases .
we might , for example , find that in a particular residential area there are unexpectedly large numbers of households with ‘ lodgers ’ and so we might want to add this as a specific category in the household composition ; or we might find that on an attitude question views are rather more extreme than we had anticipated and so a new response category could be usefully put in to save us noting responses under ‘ others , [name] … ’ in many cases .

Section 290 ( 2 ) of the Public Health Act 1936 states that any notice requiring remedial works to be carried out must indicate their nature and also specify the time limit in which they must be done .
section 290 ( 2 ) of the public health act 1936 states that any notice requiring remedial works to be carried out must indicate their nature and also [name] the time limit in which they must be done .

This gives rise to difficulties in serving an abatement or prohibition notice , as it is not possible to specify any works to abate the odour , and yet a notice which merely requires the recipient to take steps to abate the odour , is unlikely to achieve the desired effect .
this gives rise to difficulties in serving an abatement or prohibition notice , as it is not possible to [name] any works to abate the odour , and yet a notice which merely requires the recipient to take steps to abate the odour , is unlikely to achieve the desired effect .

This somewhat contradictory role is what enables us to specify the concept of a local state , as well as a national one .
this somewhat contradictory role is what enables us to [name] the concept of a local state , as well as a national one .

Whilst researchers will only be able to specify the ways in which large-scale social and economic restructuring has led to particular types of local political practice through empirical study , we can claim that there has been an increase in local political activity , in contrast to the relatively homogeneous picture presented in the 1950s and early '60s .
whilst researchers will only be able to [name] the ways in which large-scale social and economic restructuring has led to particular types of local political practice through empirical study , we can claim that there has been an increase in local political activity , in contrast to the relatively homogeneous picture presented in the 1950s and early '60s .

In a series of recent cases the Court has established that , although the Commission must specify the subject-matter and purpose of its investigation , it does not have to identify in advance the information it is seeking .
in a series of recent cases the court has established that , although the commission must [name] the subject-matter and purpose of its investigation , it does not have to identify in advance the information it is seeking .

Mercury is waiting for Telecom to connect its equipment with a private telephone exchange ( Telecom 's contracts specify that its engineers should carry out any work on telephone exchanges ) .
mercury is waiting for telecom to connect its equipment with a private telephone exchange ( telecom 's contracts [name] that its engineers should carry out any work on telephone exchanges ) .

Fully 65 per cent of all funerals are by cremation , and the crematorium will specify the type of wood for the coffin , depending on the type of furnace and chimney .
fully 65 per cent of all funerals are by cremation , and the crematorium will [name] the type of wood for the coffin , depending on the type of furnace and chimney .

The first threat of a consumer boycott in Britain came in an article in mid-1981 in the Architects Journal , calling upon architects not to specify tropical hardwoods in order ‘ to save what is left ’ of the world 's rainforests .
the first threat of a consumer boycott in britain came in an article in mid-1981 in the architects journal , calling upon architects not to [name] tropical hardwoods in order ‘ to save what is left ’ of the world 's rainforests .

His goal is to specify the neural circuitry underlying these behaviours and to discover how the brain changes during learning .
his goal is to [name] the neural circuitry underlying these behaviours and to discover how the brain changes during learning .

‘ To refine these further by attempting to specify what it is hoped that a Mosotho child should know , feel and have the skills to do as a result of a full Primary education and at each stage during that education .
‘ to refine these further by attempting to [name] what it is hoped that a mosotho child should know , feel and have the skills to do as a result of a full primary education and at each stage during that education .

This decision to specify that remote evolutionary event as ‘ good ’ must be regarded as utterly inviolable if there is to be any belief at all in basic ‘ goodness ’ .
this decision to [name] that remote evolutionary event as ‘ good ’ must be regarded as utterly inviolable if there is to be any belief at all in basic ‘ goodness ’ .

If the planning permission does not specify a time , the Act provides for the period to be five years , or two years after the approval of all reserve matters for the start of development and three years for the application for approval of all reserve matters .
if the planning permission does not [name] a time , the act provides for the period to be five years , or two years after the approval of all reserve matters for the start of development and three years for the application for approval of all reserve matters .

Malcolm Cole 's programme notes do n't specify the circumstances of the ‘ grim struggle for survival which left serious composition out of the question ’ for the first few years after he had settled in the United States in 1939 , but , whatever they were , they informed his music with an intensity that the exuberance of his early style did n't find much room for .
malcolm cole 's programme notes do n't [name] the circumstances of the ‘ grim struggle for survival which left serious composition out of the question ’ for the first few years after he had settled in the united states in 1939 , but , whatever they were , they informed his music with an intensity that the exuberance of his early style did n't find much room for .

It has joined forces with Motorola , one of the world 's leading producers of mobile phones , to specify a range of products offering , it claims , considerably better quality and features than those of most rivals .
it has joined forces with motorola , one of the world 's leading producers of mobile phones , to [name] a range of products offering , it claims , considerably better quality and features than those of most rivals .

We could specify in which hand the draw-sheet is to be held , which arm the nurse is to use to support the patient , the degree of tension to be applied to the draw-sheet to make it taut and smooth .
we could [name] in which hand the draw-sheet is to be held , which arm the nurse is to use to support the patient , the degree of tension to be applied to the draw-sheet to make it taut and smooth .

We could specify what words the student will say to the patient and even at what point she is to smile .
we could [name] what words the student will say to the patient and even at what point she is to smile .

That they should specify the conditions under which the final behaviour will occur .
that they should [name] the conditions under which the final behaviour will occur .

The second condition is that it must specify the conditions under which the behaviour will occur .
the second condition is that it must [name] the conditions under which the behaviour will occur .

Similarly , ‘ for a Gujurati Hindu with chronic renal failure , ’ and ‘ given a post-operative patient in the recovery phase ’ specify different conditions and limits .
similarly , ‘ for a gujurati hindu with chronic renal failure , ’ and ‘ given a post-operative patient in the recovery phase ’ [name] different conditions and limits .

Course regulations specify the examination pattern for each course and are available to students on registration .
course regulations [name] the examination pattern for each course and are available to students on registration .

Of course you may specify a time : ‘ Come away from the edge of the platform immediately !
of course you may [name] a time : ‘ come away from the edge of the platform immediately !

Alternatively , the parent or teacher might specify the goal , as in matching shapes and colors , solving an arithmetic problem , or batting a ball .
alternatively , the parent or teacher might [name] the goal , as in matching shapes and colors , solving an arithmetic problem , or batting a ball .

The adoption of standards in the supply channel , such as those that specify packaging , labeling , and marking of products , have reduced further time to market and enhanced efficiencies ; this expedites transit and ensures floor-ready merchandise for consumers at the end of the channel from suppliers .
the adoption of standards in the supply channel , such as those that [name] packaging , labeling , and marking of products , have reduced further time to market and enhanced efficiencies ; this expedites transit and ensures floor-ready merchandise for consumers at the end of the channel from suppliers .

For the federal government , the Fair Labor Standards Act and its regulations specify the standards and enforcement procedures.25 Sole reliance on traditional government enforcement activities has serious limitations.26 The Department of Labor has fewer than 800 investigators to enforce employment statutes for 800,000 apparel industry employees in about 24,000 establishments , not to mention the other 122 million employees in 6.5 million workplaces around the country .
for the federal government , the fair labor standards act and its regulations [name] the standards and enforcement procedures.25 sole reliance on traditional government enforcement activities has serious limitations.26 the department of labor has fewer than 800 investigators to enforce employment statutes for 800,000 apparel industry employees in about 24,000 establishments , not to mention the other 122 million employees in 6.5 million workplaces around the country .

The success of buyers therefore turned on their ability to predict what consumers would want and to obtain those products at the lowest possible cost.3 Although the order would specify a delivery time far closer to the season , once the buyer placed the order with the apparel manufacturer , it typically remained unchanged until delivery to the retailer ’ s warehouse or individual stores .
the success of buyers therefore turned on their ability to predict what consumers would want and to obtain those products at the lowest possible cost.3 although the order would [name] a delivery time far closer to the season , once the buyer placed the order with the apparel manufacturer , it typically remained unchanged until delivery to the retailer ’ s warehouse or individual stores .

The Hispano folklore does not specify the actual religious sacramental rituals , but more recent publications do describe church ceremonies that are still observed today .
the hispano folklore does not [name] the actual religious sacramental rituals , but more recent publications do describe church ceremonies that are still observed today .

The Constitution permits suspension of this protection in times of civil unrest—but fails to specify whether the president may act unilaterally in ordering suspension .
the constitution permits suspension of this protection in times of civil unrest—but fails to [name] whether the president may act unilaterally in ordering suspension .

While it is relatively easy to find suYcient sense data statements , it appears to be impossible to finitely specify a set of necessary and suYcient sense data statements whose truth would be interchangeable with true statements about the Windsor chair in my oYce .
while it is relatively easy to find suycient sense data statements , it appears to be impossible to finitely [name] a set of necessary and suycient sense data statements whose truth would be interchangeable with true statements about the windsor chair in my oyce .

Note that we can finitely specify ahead of time the 6N-dimensional configuration space of the gas , that is , all the positions and momenta of the N gas particles in three-dimensional-space inside the liter box .
note that we can finitely [name] ahead of time the 6n-dimensional configuration space of the gas , that is , all the positions and momenta of the n gas particles in three-dimensional-space inside the liter box .

Therefore , in principle , we have begun to specify a means to characterize large patches of the global economic web .
therefore , in principle , we have begun to [name] a means to characterize large patches of the global economic web .

This equilibrium macrostate has the further important properties that ( ) vastly many microstates are in the equilibrium macrostate ; ( ) a few macroscopic features temperature , pressure , and volume suce to specify the equilibrium macrostate .
this equilibrium macrostate has the further important properties that ( ) vastly many microstates are in the equilibrium macrostate ; ( ) a few macroscopic features temperature , pressure , and volume suce to [name] the equilibrium macrostate .

It pays to measure the nonequilibrium system in the sense that those measurements specify the displacements from equilibrium that constitute energy sources that can be utilized to extract work .
it pays to measure the nonequilibrium system in the sense that those measurements [name] the displacements from equilibrium that constitute energy sources that can be utilized to extract work .

Notice that the closure in catalytic and work tasks can not be defined “ locally. ” No single reaction , no single linking of spontaneous and nonspontaneous processes typically suces to specify the closures we are describing .
notice that the closure in catalytic and work tasks can not be defined “ locally. ” no single reaction , no single linking of spontaneous and nonspontaneous processes typically suces to [name] the closures we are describing .

In category theory it seems necessary to specify ahead of time all the possible domains and ranges and mappings under consideration .
in category theory it seems necessary to [name] ahead of time all the possible domains and ranges and mappings under consideration .

The program to replace statements about physical objects with sets of statements about sense data requires “ logical equivalence. ” Logical equivalence means that wherever a statement about a chair occurs at a “ higher level ” of description , it must be possible to specify a list of statements about sense data whose truth are jointly necessary and suYcient for the statement about the chair to be true .
the program to replace statements about physical objects with sets of statements about sense data requires “ logical equivalence. ” logical equivalence means that wherever a statement about a chair occurs at a “ higher level ” of description , it must be possible to [name] a list of statements about sense data whose truth are jointly necessary and suycient for the statement about the chair to be true .

Could we finitely specify the list , “ If I were to enter the room , I would have the following sense data ; and if one who is red-green colorblind were to enter the room he or she would have the following sense data ; and if the rocker were to be on a soft rug , the sounds that would be heard by one who is A-flat tone deaf would .
could we finitely [name] the list , “ if i were to enter the room , i would have the following sense data ; and if one who is red-green colorblind were to enter the room he or she would have the following sense data ; and if the rocker were to be on a soft rug , the sounds that would be heard by one who is a-flat tone deaf would .

In particular , the appropriate means of evolving amplitudes concern what are called “ fundamental amplitudes , ” which specify initial and final values of the integer values on edges before and after Pachner moves .
in particular , the appropriate means of evolving amplitudes concern what are called “ fundamental amplitudes , ” which [name] initial and final values of the integer values on edges before and after pachner moves .

Reorganization makes it hazardous to specify room numbers , but the paintings are generally exhibited chronologically from the 13th to the 18th century .
reorganization makes it hazardous to [name] room numbers , but the paintings are generally exhibited chronologically from the 13th to the 18th century .

While ever more matrimonial advertisements in the weekend editions of The Times of India and other newspapers mention “ caste no bar , ” just as many specify the required caste or insist on a “ fair-complexioned ” bride while touting a university diploma or an American work permit .
while ever more matrimonial advertisements in the weekend editions of the times of india and other newspapers mention “ caste no bar , ” just as many [name] the required caste or insist on a “ fair-complexioned ” bride while touting a university diploma or an american work permit .

If you prefer bitter orange , be sure to specify naranja amarga .
if you prefer bitter orange , be sure to [name] naranja amarga .

Although their primary focus is much broader , both of these laws specify security as one of the aspects of information management that must be addressed .
although their primary focus is much broader , both of these laws [name] security as one of the aspects of information management that must be addressed .

GENERAL PURPOSE FINANCIAL REPORTS -Reports intended to meet the common needs of diverse users who typically do not have the ability to specify the basis , form , and content of the reports they receive .
general purpose financial reports -reports intended to meet the common needs of diverse users who typically do not have the ability to [name] the basis , form , and content of the reports they receive .

If the mandate does not specify a committee , GAO will work with the committees of jurisdiction ( majority and minority ) as set forth in Senate and House rules and any other committees and/or Members identified by the committees of jurisdiction .
if the mandate does not [name] a committee , gao will work with the committees of jurisdiction ( majority and minority ) as set forth in senate and house rules and any other committees and/or members identified by the committees of jurisdiction .

With a less experienced staff , supervisors may have to specify audit procedures to be performed as well as techniques for gathering and analyzing data .
with a less experienced staff , supervisors may have to [name] audit procedures to be performed as well as techniques for gathering and analyzing data .

Although their primary focus is much broader , both of these laws specify security as one of the aspects of information management that must be addressed .
although their primary focus is much broader , both of these laws [name] security as one of the aspects of information management that must be addressed .

Section 3 ( b ) ( 2 ) ( D ) requires agencies to specify in clear language the retroactive effect , if any , given to the regulation .
section 3 ( b ) ( 2 ) ( d ) requires agencies to [name] in clear language the retroactive effect , if any , given to the regulation .

The contract should specify all deliverables required from the vendor .
the contract should [name] all deliverables required from the vendor .

The contract should specify conditions for acceptable performance .
the contract should [name] conditions for acceptable performance .

Contracts should specify how problems are to be identified and reported .
contracts should [name] how problems are to be identified and reported .

Pattern matching requires using past experience , logic , or theory before the job begins to specify what we expect to find .
pattern matching requires using past experience , logic , or theory before the job begins to [name] what we expect to find .

We note that the final rule does clearly specify its affects on existing regulations .
we note that the final rule does clearly [name] its affects on existing regulations .

There can be little doubt that the LSC Act funds constitutionally protected expression ; and in the context of this statute there is no programmatic message of the kind recognized in Rust and which sufficed there to allow the Government to specify the advice deemed necessary for its legitimate objectives .
there can be little doubt that the lsc act funds constitutionally protected expression ; and in the context of this statute there is no programmatic message of the kind recognized in rust and which sufficed there to allow the government to [name] the advice deemed necessary for its legitimate objectives .

There can be little doubt that the LSC Act funds constitutionally protected expression ; and there is no programmatic message of the kind recognized in Rust and which sufficed there to allow the Government to specify the advice deemed necessary for its legitimate objectives .
there can be little doubt that the lsc act funds constitutionally protected expression ; and there is no programmatic message of the kind recognized in rust and which sufficed there to allow the government to [name] the advice deemed necessary for its legitimate objectives .

However , because of the observed and/or potential variability in the quality and toxicity of effluents , it is not possible to specify a representative effluent .
however , because of the observed and/or potential variability in the quality and toxicity of effluents , it is not possible to [name] a representative effluent .

However , because of the observed and/or potential variability in the quality and toxicity of effluents , it is not possible to specify a representative effluent .
however , because of the observed and/or potential variability in the quality and toxicity of effluents , it is not possible to [name] a representative effluent .

Individual methods specify which type of test is to be conducted .
individual methods [name] which type of test is to be conducted .

The Administrator must specify requirements for any alternative monitoring system shown to provide information with the same precision , reliability , accessibility , and timeliness as that provided by CEMS .
the administrator must [name] requirements for any alternative monitoring system shown to provide information with the same precision , reliability , accessibility , and timeliness as that provided by cems .

Further , the Administrator may specify an alternative monitoring system for determining mercury emissions to the extent that the Administrator determines that CEMS for mercury with appropriate vendor guarantees are not commercially available .
further , the administrator may [name] an alternative monitoring system for determining mercury emissions to the extent that the administrator determines that cems for mercury with appropriate vendor guarantees are not commercially available .

The regulations must specify the procedures , frequency , and timing of auctions .
the regulations must [name] the procedures , frequency , and timing of auctions .

Individual methods specify which static type of test is to be conducted .
individual methods [name] which static type of test is to be conducted .

However , because of the observed and/or potential variability in the quality and toxicity of effluents , it is not possible to specify a representative effluent .
however , because of the observed and/or potential variability in the quality and toxicity of effluents , it is not possible to [name] a representative effluent .

Such regulations shall specify the frequency and timing of auctions and may provide for more than one auction of sulfur dioxide allowances , nitrogen oxides allowances , or mercury allowances during a year .
such regulations shall [name] the frequency and timing of auctions and may provide for more than one auction of sulfur dioxide allowances , nitrogen oxides allowances , or mercury allowances during a year .

Such regulations shall specify that the auctioned allowances shall be allocated and sold on the basis of bid price , starting with the highest-priced bid and continuing until all allowances for sale at such auction have been allocated .
such regulations shall [name] that the auctioned allowances shall be allocated and sold on the basis of bid price , starting with the highest-priced bid and continuing until all allowances for sale at such auction have been allocated .

For purposes of this paper , however , it is not necessary to specify a new labor environment .
for purposes of this paper , however , it is not necessary to [name] a new labor environment .

The rules specify the limited information the Service is required to file in support of a proposed market test , including a plan for testing the proposed new service and associated data collection and reporting requirements .
the rules [name] the limited information the service is required to file in support of a proposed market test , including a plan for testing the proposed new service and associated data collection and reporting requirements .

The rules specify limited required supporting information , allow the Service to explain the unavailability of otherwise required data , and also streamline procedural scheduling .
the rules [name] limited required supporting information , allow the service to explain the unavailability of otherwise required data , and also streamline procedural scheduling .

Sections 3622 and 3623 similarly specify fairness and equity , together with other criteria , as considerations to be observed in making rate and mail classification changes .
sections 3622 and 3623 similarly [name] fairness and equity , together with other criteria , as considerations to be observed in making rate and mail classification changes .

The profit position of the postal administration depends on how the discount level is set , an issue that we need not specify here .
the profit position of the postal administration depends on how the discount level is set , an issue that we need not [name] here .

They said they were living in an apartment near the restaurant but did not specify the address .
they said they were living in an apartment near the restaurant but did not [name] the address .

When reports did not specify where the attacks were to take place , officials presumed that they would again be overseas , though they did not rule out a target in the United States .
when reports did not [name] where the attacks were to take place , officials presumed that they would again be overseas , though they did not rule out a target in the united states .

The NSC did not specify what the FBI 's directives should contain and did not review what had been issued earlier .
the nsc did not [name] what the fbi 's directives should contain and did not review what had been issued earlier .

These investigators discovered that activation of ROCK1 may account for how nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs specify the scissile bond within the APP transmembrane domain that is cleaved by presenilin/γ-secretase to generate the C-terminus of Aβ .
these investigators discovered that activation of rock1 may account for how nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs [name] the scissile bond within the app transmembrane domain that is cleaved by presenilin/γ-secretase to generate the c-terminus of aβ .

Although mathematically convenient , this assumption gives rise to exponentially distributed latent ( incubation ) and infectious periods , which is epidemiologically unrealistic for most infections , say the authors , who suggest instead that it would more sensible to specify the probability of leaving a class as a function of the time spent within the class .
although mathematically convenient , this assumption gives rise to exponentially distributed latent ( incubation ) and infectious periods , which is epidemiologically unrealistic for most infections , say the authors , who suggest instead that it would more sensible to [name] the probability of leaving a class as a function of the time spent within the class .

However , though critical for development and reproduction , the mechanisms that specify sex determination are among the least-conserved known .
however , though critical for development and reproduction , the mechanisms that [name] sex determination are among the least-conserved known .

This allows auto-associative recall of sequences of past inputs and outputs to be used to specify actions that have formerly been successful .
this allows auto-associative recall of sequences of past inputs and outputs to be used to [name] actions that have formerly been successful .

The chain of hyperlinks to timeless matrimony begins with Cupid 's Network , which will direct you to the perfect match ( please specify ethnicity and religion ) .
the chain of hyperlinks to timeless matrimony begins with cupid 's network , which will direct you to the perfect match ( please [name] ethnicity and religion ) .

Press reviews unanimously portray his budget balancing as a sham : It does n't specify where programs will be cut .
press reviews unanimously portray his budget balancing as a sham : it does n't [name] where programs will be cut .

Helgeland did n't specify .
helgeland did n't [name] .

Suppose your Web browser allowed you to specify not only an address but also a date .
suppose your web browser allowed you to [name] not only an address but also a date .

The LAT says 27 , the NYT says 12 , the WSJ and USAT say 4 , and the Post does n't specify . )
the lat says 27 , the nyt says 12 , the wsj and usat say 4 , and the post does n't [name] . )

For future reference , should a serving person deliver substandard service , the diner is perfectly within his or her rights to specify `` no tip . ''
for future reference , should a serving person deliver substandard service , the diner is perfectly within his or her rights to [name] `` no tip . ''

Charles Krauthammer ( Inside Washington ) sensed an element of `` Greek tragedy '' to the story , although he did n't specify whether he was referring to Oedipus Rex or Antigone .
charles krauthammer ( inside washington ) sensed an element of `` greek tragedy '' to the story , although he did n't [name] whether he was referring to oedipus rex or antigone .

They think things were better in the past , but they never specify the status quo to which they want us to ante .
they think things were better in the past , but they never [name] the status quo to which they want us to ante .

As a senior economist at SBA , however , I was able to specify the preparation of special tabulations by the Census Bureau from business payroll tax reports for the entire private nonfarm economy .
as a senior economist at sba , however , i was able to [name] the preparation of special tabulations by the census bureau from business payroll tax reports for the entire private nonfarm economy .

MARILU H , SATAN , and BOBDOLE have all been claimed , although the site does n't specify by whom .
marilu h , satan , and bobdole have all been claimed , although the site does n't [name] by whom .

When invoking this concern , it is not necessary to specify -- and indeed it is hard to imagine -- what conclusion short of victory a guy like you , who flings around terms like `` exit strategy , '' would find minimally satisfactory .
when invoking this concern , it is not necessary to [name] -- and indeed it is hard to imagine -- what conclusion short of victory a guy like you , who flings around terms like `` exit strategy , '' would find minimally satisfactory .

The law even fails to define `` government employee '' and does not specify what constitutes `` membership '' on an advisory board .
the law even fails to define `` government employee '' and does not [name] what constitutes `` membership '' on an advisory board .

Two small problems : The plan does n't specify how much land would be turned over , or when .
two small problems : the plan does n't [name] how much land would be turned over , or when .

The WP warns that this robotic cat may not `` walk between your legs as you go down the stairs '' -- the article does n't actually specify how this robot will be cat-like at all -- but readers can rest assured that the final product will be readily convertible into 1 ) a self-directed housecleaning robot or 2 ) a Mars rover .
the wp warns that this robotic cat may not `` walk between your legs as you go down the stairs '' -- the article does n't actually [name] how this robot will be cat-like at all -- but readers can rest assured that the final product will be readily convertible into 1 ) a self-directed housecleaning robot or 2 ) a mars rover .

I am not usually aware that I have lower lids , except when something ails them , but the Ossetes specify upper or lower lid without batting an eyelash .
i am not usually aware that i have lower lids , except when something ails them , but the ossetes [name] upper or lower lid without batting an eyelash .

In some languages ( Spanish , Romanian , Russian , Czech , Greek , Arabic , Hebrew , Welsh , Irish , and others ) the same word denotes both finger and toe ( although it must be remembered that when there is need to specify that toes and not fingers are meant , or vice versa , there are ways to do so in those languages ) .
in some languages ( spanish , romanian , russian , czech , greek , arabic , hebrew , welsh , irish , and others ) the same word denotes both finger and toe ( although it must be remembered that when there is need to [name] that toes and not fingers are meant , or vice versa , there are ways to do so in those languages ) .

As a result , it is now necessary to qualify the noun in order to specify which axle is being referred to , so that bekex kidmi means , tout court , front back-axle .
as a result , it is now necessary to qualify the noun in order to [name] which axle is being referred to , so that bekex kidmi means , tout court , front back-axle .

The trademarked name , by AT & T , is touch-tone® , which operates by sending more-or-less musical tones from your instrument to the switch to specify the number desired .
the trademarked name , by at & t , is touch-tone® , which operates by sending more-or-less musical tones from your instrument to the switch to [name] the number desired .

Although he does not specify , it seems likely Green means the 1611 Authorized ( or King James ) Version , for he goes on : As a mere literary monument , the English version of the Bible remains the noblest example of the English tongue , while its perpetual use made it from the instant of its appearance the standard of our language .
although he does not [name] , it seems likely green means the 1611 authorized ( or king james ) version , for he goes on : as a mere literary monument , the english version of the bible remains the noblest example of the english tongue , while its perpetual use made it from the instant of its appearance the standard of our language .

