The President asks the support and cooperation of Congress in his efforts through the enactment of legislation to provide federal grants to states for specified efforts in combating this disturbing crime trend .
the president asks the support and cooperation of congress in his efforts through the enactment of legislation to provide federal grants to states for [named] efforts in combating this disturbing crime trend .

Six radiomen told how , twice on two days after the ring was nabbed , a transmitter near Moscow was heard calling , using signals , times and wavelengths specified on codes found hidden in cigaret lighters in Lonsdale's apartment and the Krogers' house and also fastened to the transmitter lid .
six radiomen told how , twice on two days after the ring was nabbed , a transmitter near moscow was heard calling , using signals , times and wavelengths [named] on codes found hidden in cigaret lighters in lonsdale's apartment and the krogers' house and also fastened to the transmitter lid .

Such `` depletion allowances '' , in the form of percentages of sales are authorized by tax law for specified raw materials producers using up their assets .
such `` depletion allowances '' , in the form of percentages of sales are authorized by tax law for [named] raw materials producers using up their assets .

If they give him advice when he asks it , or if they perform specified duties under his direction , the nature of the U. N. will not of necessity change .
if they give him advice when he asks it , or if they perform [named] duties under his direction , the nature of the u. n. will not of necessity change .

An aircraft with a load of small nuclear weapons could very conceivably be given a mission to suppress all trains operating within a specified geographic area of Russia -- provided that we had used some of our ICBMs to degrade Russia's air defenses before our bombers got there .
an aircraft with a load of small nuclear weapons could very conceivably be given a mission to suppress all trains operating within a [named] geographic area of russia -- provided that we had used some of our icbms to degrade russia's air defenses before our bombers got there .

All framing in Hotei is one-inch mahogany which , in the dressed state you buy it , is about the 13/16-inch thickness specified in the drawings .
all framing in hotei is one-inch mahogany which , in the dressed state you buy it , is about the 13/16-inch thickness [named] in the drawings .

Economy in the use of power needs not only to be asserted , but clearly specified ; ;
economy in the use of power needs not only to be asserted , but clearly [named] ; ;

The commands are specified by the military regulations ; ;
the commands are [named] by the military regulations ; ;

if the Government certifies that production may be possible from the property , the royalty obligation continues for the 10-year period usually specified in the contract or until the Government's contribution is repaid with interest .
if the government certifies that production may be possible from the property , the royalty obligation continues for the 10-year period usually [named] in the contract or until the government's contribution is repaid with interest .

Assessors in Rhode Island are charged not only with placing a valuation upon real and personal property , but they also have the responsibility to raise by a tax `` a sum not less than nor more than '' a specified amount as ordered by a city council or financial town meeting .
assessors in rhode island are charged not only with placing a valuation upon real and personal property , but they also have the responsibility to raise by a tax `` a sum not less than nor more than '' a [named] amount as ordered by a city council or financial town meeting .

There shall be covered into the Treasury to the credit of the proper special fund all funds hereinafter specified .
there shall be covered into the treasury to the credit of the proper special fund all funds hereinafter [named] .

The funds recouped by reductions in item 12 above are used : first , to increase the unadjusted allotments to the specified minimum in those States where the unadjusted allotment is less than the minimum allotment ( item 13 above ) ; ;
the funds recouped by reductions in item 12 above are used : first , to increase the unadjusted allotments to the [named] minimum in those states where the unadjusted allotment is less than the minimum allotment ( item 13 above ) ; ;

and General Motors and Du Pont were to be ordered to terminate any agreement that provided for the purchase by General Motors of any specified percentage of its requirements of any Du Pont manufactured product , or for the grant of exclusive patent rights , or for a grant by General Motors to Du Pont of a preferential right to make or sell any chemical discovery of General Motors , or for the maintenance of any joint commercial enterprise by the two companies .
and general motors and du pont were to be ordered to terminate any agreement that provided for the purchase by general motors of any [named] percentage of its requirements of any du pont manufactured product , or for the grant of exclusive patent rights , or for a grant by general motors to du pont of a preferential right to make or sell any chemical discovery of general motors , or for the maintenance of any joint commercial enterprise by the two companies .

These plans , like Du Pont's , contained provisions for passing the vote on Du Pont's General Motors shares on to the ultimate stockholders of Du Pont , Christiana , and Delaware , except that officers and directors of the three companies , their spouses , and other people living in their households , as well as other specified persons , were to be totally disenfranchised .
these plans , like du pont's , contained provisions for passing the vote on du pont's general motors shares on to the ultimate stockholders of du pont , christiana , and delaware , except that officers and directors of the three companies , their spouses , and other people living in their households , as well as other [named] persons , were to be totally disenfranchised .

In the event the total of rupees accruing to the Government of the United States of America as a consequence of sales made pursuant to this Agreement is different from the rupee equivalent of $1,276 million , the amounts available for the purposes specified in paragraph 1 , Article 2 , will be adjusted proportionately .
in the event the total of rupees accruing to the government of the united states of america as a consequence of sales made pursuant to this agreement is different from the rupee equivalent of $1,276 million , the amounts available for the purposes [named] in paragraph 1 , article 2 , will be adjusted proportionately .

With respect to skywave service rendered at night , class 1 , -- A stations are the only stations permitted to operate in the United States on clear channels specified for class 1 , -- A operation , and so render skywave service free from cochannel interference whereever they may be received ; ;
with respect to skywave service rendered at night , class 1 , -- a stations are the only stations permitted to operate in the united states on clear channels [named] for class 1 , -- a operation , and so render skywave service free from cochannel interference whereever they may be received ; ;

Much new equipment and many unique techniques have been developed for the quantitative exposure of experimental animals to aerosols of infectious agents contained in particles of specified dimensional characteristics .
much new equipment and many unique techniques have been developed for the quantitative exposure of experimental animals to aerosols of infectious agents contained in particles of [named] dimensional characteristics .

There is a broad spectrum of organisms from which selection for a specified military purpose might be made .
there is a broad spectrum of organisms from which selection for a [named] military purpose might be made .

Each card is expected to show certain information about the individual concerned , including his or her date of birth ( or age at a specified time ) , spouses , and children .
each card is expected to show certain information about the individual concerned , including his or her date of birth ( or age at a [named] time ) , spouses , and children .

It appears , then , that although the matter is not dealt with in section 381(c) , a successor corporation in a reorganization of a type specified in section 381(a) is entitled to sue for refund of taxes paid by a transferor corporation .
it appears , then , that although the matter is not dealt with in section 381(c) , a successor corporation in a reorganization of a type [named] in section 381(a) is entitled to sue for refund of taxes paid by a transferor corporation .

The following items may be specified in actual or symbolic form in the operands of those instructions which refer to the particular items : channel , unit , combined channel and unit , combined arm and file , unit record synchronizers , inquiry synchronizers , and alteration switches .
the following items may be [named] in actual or symbolic form in the operands of those instructions which refer to the particular items : channel , unit , combined channel and unit , combined arm and file , unit record synchronizers , inquiry synchronizers , and alteration switches .

If the symbolic name or actual address of an index word or electronic switch appears or is included in the operand of an XRELEASE or SRELEASE statement ( see page 101 ) , the specified index word or electronic switch will again be made available , regardless of the method by which it was reserved .
if the symbolic name or actual address of an index word or electronic switch appears or is included in the operand of an xrelease or srelease statement ( see page 101 ) , the [named] index word or electronic switch will again be made available , regardless of the method by which it was reserved .

The DRDW statement may also be used to generate an RDW defining any area specified by the programmer .
the drdw statement may also be used to generate an rdw defining any area [named] by the programmer .

When an actual index word or a symbolic address is specified , Autocoder will equate the name IOCSIXF to it .
when an actual index word or a symbolic address is [named] , autocoder will equate the name iocsixf to it .

When an actual index word or a symbolic address is specified , Autocoder will equate IOCSIXG to it .
when an actual index word or a symbolic address is [named] , autocoder will equate iocsixg to it .

To see how important this economy is , let us suppose that there are M operating variables at each stage and that the state is specified by N variables ; ;
to see how important this economy is , let us suppose that there are m operating variables at each stage and that the state is [named] by n variables ; ;

The policy may not be unique but the maximum value of P certainly is , and once the policy is specified this maximum can be calculated by ( 2 ) and ( 3 ) as a function of the feed state Af .
the policy may not be unique but the maximum value of p certainly is , and once the policy is [named] this maximum can be calculated by ( 2 ) and ( 3 ) as a function of the feed state af .

This is specified by a distribution function Af such that the probability that Af lies in some region D of the stage space is Af .
this is [named] by a distribution function af such that the probability that af lies in some region d of the stage space is af .

When the charges were put before Thame magistrates the alleged victim was specified as a woman after an apparent change of heart by prosecutors . But in the eyes of the law she is a woman in name alone
when the charges were put before thame magistrates the alleged victim was [named] as a woman after an apparent change of heart by prosecutors . but in the eyes of the law she is a woman in name alone

And at this stage it is expected that tagging will be confined to specified types and not involve the routine identification of all sheep — including hill ewes — as many farmers feared .
and at this stage it is expected that tagging will be confined to [named] types and not involve the routine identification of all sheep — including hill ewes — as many farmers feared .

Changing the law to place NationalPower and Power-Gen under a legal obligation to agree fixed contracts for specified tonnages over a longer period than the current year was hinted at by Michael Heseltine , the President of the Board of Trade , in evidence to the energy select committee last year .
changing the law to place nationalpower and power-gen under a legal obligation to agree fixed contracts for [named] tonnages over a longer period than the current year was hinted at by michael heseltine , the president of the board of trade , in evidence to the energy select committee last year .

An order , quaintly called the Property Misdescriptions ( Specified Matters ) Order 1992 rules when the act comes into force .
an order , quaintly called the property misdescriptions ( [named] matters ) order 1992 rules when the act comes into force .

Well over 5,000 units of quota have now been entered for that sale , date to be specified later , but almost certainly in April .
well over 5,000 units of quota have now been entered for that sale , date to be [named] later , but almost certainly in april .

The least distant neighbour version ( costig ) was more applicable to ordering the cosmid library under the scheme of sampling without replacement and has a menu-driven interface allowing , among other options , the output of any single contig specified by a probe belonging to it .
the least distant neighbour version ( costig ) was more applicable to ordering the cosmid library under the scheme of sampling without replacement and has a menu-driven interface allowing , among other options , the output of any single contig [named] by a probe belonging to it .

Did they take him there sober and ply him with booze until he reached the point specified by the director ?
did they take him there sober and ply him with booze until he reached the point [named] by the director ?

We assume that the writer has used the basic historical framework for her story — Wroe 's demand that his flock should provide his household with seven virgins ( female , although this was not specified ) for his ‘ comfort and succour ’ : and that not terribly long afterwards , he was put on trial by his church for alleged naughtiness with two of them .
we assume that the writer has used the basic historical framework for her story — wroe 's demand that his flock should provide his household with seven virgins ( female , although this was not [named] ) for his ‘ comfort and succour ’ : and that not terribly long afterwards , he was put on trial by his church for alleged naughtiness with two of them .

An initial £5,000 grant has already been paid , as well as some of the larger amount , but this has not been specified .
an initial £5,000 grant has already been paid , as well as some of the larger amount , but this has not been [named] .

Among those backing up Zafonic are the progressive sprinter Specified ( Cork & Orrery ) , Free Handicap winner So Factual ( Jersey Stakes ) and Factual ( Queen Anne Stakes ) .
among those backing up zafonic are the progressive sprinter [named] ( cork & orrery ) , free handicap winner so factual ( jersey stakes ) and factual ( queen anne stakes ) .

It is vital that all unsold tickets are returned to the organiser by the date specified ( or at least notify them by telephone that tickets are not yet sold ) .
it is vital that all unsold tickets are returned to the organiser by the date [named] ( or at least notify them by telephone that tickets are not yet sold ) .

The 1920 Census Act specified that population enumerations should take place at intervals of not less than five years , conducted by the Registrars General of England and Wales , of Scotland and of Northern Ireland .
the 1920 census act [named] that population enumerations should take place at intervals of not less than five years , conducted by the registrars general of england and wales , of scotland and of northern ireland .

Optical scanning devices have become increasingly used for data capture either via some sort of bar coding system such as is commonly found at library issue desks , or by means of equipment able to read pencil markings at specified positions on a sheet of paper ( ‘ mark sensing ’ ) .
optical scanning devices have become increasingly used for data capture either via some sort of bar coding system such as is commonly found at library issue desks , or by means of equipment able to read pencil markings at [named] positions on a sheet of paper ( ‘ mark sensing ’ ) .

One considerable advantage is that units satisfying specified conditions can be extracted for analysis without the need to scan the whole file ; on the other hand , there are considerable overheads in setting up the database .
one considerable advantage is that units satisfying [named] conditions can be extracted for analysis without the need to scan the whole file ; on the other hand , there are considerable overheads in setting up the database .

The aims of any programme of research should be fully specified at the outset .
the aims of any programme of research should be fully [named] at the outset .

In such a case it will invite discount houses and clearing banks to bid for Treasury bills of one or more specified maturities .
in such a case it will invite discount houses and clearing banks to bid for treasury bills of one or more [named] maturities .

Unlike other drugs it is taken in specified public situations , so it 's easy to dominate the market .
unlike other drugs it is taken in [named] public situations , so it 's easy to dominate the market .

Now the council is demanding that preachers apply for prior permission to use council property and they can only spread the ‘ good news ’ at specified times and one at a time .
now the council is demanding that preachers apply for prior permission to use council property and they can only spread the ‘ good news ’ at [named] times and one at a time .

Last year we launched a plan to devote much of our charitable budget to supporting four specified areas .
last year we launched a plan to devote much of our charitable budget to supporting four [named] areas .

Add a number of extra syllables ( as specified by the number in brackets ) to make a tail .
add a number of extra syllables ( as [named] by the number in brackets ) to make a tail .

All pupils are assessed in their knowledge and understanding of the contexts specified by the Scottish Examination Board , and in their ability to evaluate different types of relevant information .
all pupils are assessed in their knowledge and understanding of the contexts [named] by the scottish examination board , and in their ability to evaluate different types of relevant information .

At least two of the eleven Issue Areas specified in Part 2 of the syllabus ( International Issues ) are also covered .
at least two of the eleven issue areas [named] in part 2 of the syllabus ( international issues ) are also covered .

Total exports must pay for total imports , and if a country 's exports fall then imports will also fall unless the deficiency in exports can be made good in the ways specified .
total exports must pay for total imports , and if a country 's exports fall then imports will also fall unless the deficiency in exports can be made good in the ways [named] .

The issuing authority will arrange for each local contact specified in 3 above to prepare a supplement which specifies specific local or national stewardship issues .
the issuing authority will arrange for each local contact [named] in 3 above to prepare a supplement which specifies specific local or national stewardship issues .

Arrangements for translation of the main dossier will also be specified .
arrangements for translation of the main dossier will also be [named] .

cos she said she 'd need something , but she had n't specified it .
cos she said she 'd need something , but she had n't [named] it .

Other than that , the specified light gauge ( 40–105 ) strings are kept taut at either end of the bass by Schaller 's finest . The result is a very bright piano-like acoustic ‘ twang ’ , which bodes well …
other than that , the [named] light gauge ( 40–105 ) strings are kept taut at either end of the bass by schaller 's finest . the result is a very bright piano-like acoustic ‘ twang ’ , which bodes well …

( ¼″ ) diameter as are the specified pushbutton switch holes .
( ¼″ ) diameter as are the [named] pushbutton switch holes .

The nearest preferred value is 2.2k and hence this was the value specified .
the nearest preferred value is 2.2k and hence this was the value [named] .

As many readers have discovered the supply of the specified unidirectional microphones for this project has dried up — apparently they are no longer being made .
as many readers have discovered the supply of the [named] unidirectional microphones for this project has dried up — apparently they are no longer being made .

The Maplin unidirectional electret microphone insert specified for this popular project has now sold out , and further supplies are unlikely to be available .
the maplin unidirectional electret microphone insert [named] for this popular project has now sold out , and further supplies are unlikely to be available .

Their brochure claims : ‘ All you have to pay for are your meals at the prices specified and any extras such as drinks , wines and spirits .
their brochure claims : ‘ all you have to pay for are your meals at the prices [named] and any extras such as drinks , wines and spirits .

If you have decided to train for an entirely new specialty , such as health visiting or district nursing , you may find yourself having to reimburse course and equipment fees if you leave the job before a specified date of up to two years after your training has been completed .
if you have decided to train for an entirely new specialty , such as health visiting or district nursing , you may find yourself having to reimburse course and equipment fees if you leave the job before a [named] date of up to two years after your training has been completed .

If the word begins with ‘ c ’ or ‘ d ’ , the trie is followed to the address ( column number ) specified , hence words beginning with ‘ c ’ go to column 2 , and with ‘ d ’ go to column 7 .
if the word begins with ‘ c ’ or ‘ d ’ , the trie is followed to the address ( column number ) [named] , hence words beginning with ‘ c ’ go to column 2 , and with ‘ d ’ go to column 7 .

If the number of successful matches is less than some specified number ( the system has been tested with this limit set to 100 ) , then the actual words for the saved array subscripts are retrieved from the structure .
if the number of successful matches is less than some [named] number ( the system has been tested with this limit set to 100 ) , then the actual words for the saved array subscripts are retrieved from the structure .

They specified modifications which must be carried out on the ship before it will be allowed to sail again .
they [named] modifications which must be carried out on the ship before it will be allowed to sail again .

No specified targets for those police bullets were ever established , despite years of inquiries .
no [named] targets for those police bullets were ever established , despite years of inquiries .

Some organisations provide detailed lists of items which are allowable under the disturbance allowance ; others merely state that it is intended to meet all other ‘ out-of-pocket ’ expenses incurred during relocation which are not specified elsewhere in the company 's policy .
some organisations provide detailed lists of items which are allowable under the disturbance allowance ; others merely state that it is intended to meet all other ‘ out-of-pocket ’ expenses incurred during relocation which are not [named] elsewhere in the company 's policy .

Some firms insist that leavers repay their disturbance allowances if they leave their company within a specified period after the move .
some firms insist that leavers repay their disturbance allowances if they leave their company within a [named] period after the move .

For instance , at Cadbury Schweppes , employees agree to return any part of their disturbance allowance which has not been spent on items specified in the relocation policy by the end of 12 months from the date of receiving the allowance .
for instance , at cadbury schweppes , employees agree to return any part of their disturbance allowance which has not been spent on items [named] in the relocation policy by the end of 12 months from the date of receiving the allowance .

In some respects they use new language and embody in a formal text rules that have not been specified in that way before ; this has indeed been the way the laws of war have developed for 150 years .
in some respects they use new language and embody in a formal text rules that have not been [named] in that way before ; this has indeed been the way the laws of war have developed for 150 years .

The proclamation will have summoned the Parliament to meet on a specified day and it is up to the victors to turn up on that day at the time prescribed .
the proclamation will have summoned the parliament to meet on a [named] day and it is up to the victors to turn up on that day at the time prescribed .

Contrariwise , one may be able to vote provided that one is in fact registered even though one was not entitled to be registered — the register , when published , is conclusive ( ibid , s.49 ) once notice of an election has been given , although it may be amended on specified grounds prior to that date ( ibid , s.11 ) .
contrariwise , one may be able to vote provided that one is in fact registered even though one was not entitled to be registered — the register , when published , is conclusive ( ibid , s.49 ) once notice of an election has been given , although it may be amended on [named] grounds prior to that date ( ibid , s.11 ) .

This Act embraces a vast number of persons holding public office of a specified sort ; it is amended regularly as new offices are created and persons appointed to them .
this act embraces a vast number of persons holding public office of a [named] sort ; it is amended regularly as new offices are created and persons appointed to them .

Its job is to look at all instruments laid before the Houses with a view to drawing the attention of the Houses to such instruments as are specified in its terms of reference .
its job is to look at all instruments laid before the houses with a view to drawing the attention of the houses to such instruments as are [named] in its terms of reference .

‘ Regulations ’ are directly applicable within each member state without more ado ; ‘ directives ’ require member states to attain specified ends but leave the means of attainment to the individual member state .
‘ regulations ’ are directly applicable within each member state without more ado ; ‘ directives ’ require member states to attain [named] ends but leave the means of attainment to the individual member state .

Similarly , provision has been made to include heroes , but we have not specified that these should be Elector Counts , lesser nobles , military commanders , civic leaders , or whoever .
similarly , provision has been made to include heroes , but we have not [named] that these should be elector counts , lesser nobles , military commanders , civic leaders , or whoever .

Consequently , prescriptive analysis was ambiguous : sustained export demand , not subject to stop/go was seen as the driving force yet dependent on improved competitiveness ; whether this improvement was itself dependent on export demand was never clearly specified .
consequently , prescriptive analysis was ambiguous : sustained export demand , not subject to stop/go was seen as the driving force yet dependent on improved competitiveness ; whether this improvement was itself dependent on export demand was never clearly [named] .

An important feature was the establishment of specific aircraft performance requirements , that is to say the ability of an aircraft to be able to take off in given circumstances within a specified distance and also to come to a stop after landing in not more than a specified length of runway .
an important feature was the establishment of specific aircraft performance requirements , that is to say the ability of an aircraft to be able to take off in given circumstances within a [named] distance and also to come to a stop after landing in not more than a [named] length of runway .

For instance , a particular type of aircraft with specified engines in established weather conditions will , at a known weight , accelerate to the appropriate speed for take-off in a predetermined distance along the runway , following which it will be accelerated to a specified speed and achieve a pre-established rate of climb during which the landing gear will be retracted , taking a known period of time .
for instance , a particular type of aircraft with [named] engines in established weather conditions will , at a known weight , accelerate to the appropriate speed for take-off in a predetermined distance along the runway , following which it will be accelerated to a [named] speed and achieve a pre-established rate of climb during which the landing gear will be retracted , taking a known period of time .

Even such things as the maximum angle of bank in certain configurations are specified , so once a pilot sets out on a particular flight his actions , or at least the manner in which he should fly the aeroplane , are known in precise detail .
even such things as the maximum angle of bank in certain configurations are [named] , so once a pilot sets out on a particular flight his actions , or at least the manner in which he should fly the aeroplane , are known in precise detail .

From these goals three areas for enhancement were specified : new directives — structured comments that download commands to the compiler ; new constructs — a definition for operations that can affect the way a program is interpreted ; and language restrictions , which limit the use of sequence and storage association to avoid conflicts with distributed data .
from these goals three areas for enhancement were [named] : new directives — structured comments that download commands to the compiler ; new constructs — a definition for operations that can affect the way a program is interpreted ; and language restrictions , which limit the use of sequence and storage association to avoid conflicts with distributed data .

For instance , we are currently creating a big impact in the field of uPVC sheet production . Foamed , clear or opaque sheet products and polyethylene film bearing the Veka name are being specified by an
for instance , we are currently creating a big impact in the field of upvc sheet production . foamed , clear or opaque sheet products and polyethylene film bearing the veka name are being [named] by an

This architect specified radiused gutter proved extremely difficult for the builder to obtain , until the problem was solved by Apex after being able to fabricate the specification requirement
this architect [named] radiused gutter proved extremely difficult for the builder to obtain , until the problem was solved by apex after being able to fabricate the specification requirement

All above boats lying Finland unless specified
all above boats lying finland unless [named]

For our attitudes towards specified aspects of dependence and independence are an amalgam of past experiences , personality traits and present circumstances .
for our attitudes towards [named] aspects of dependence and independence are an amalgam of past experiences , personality traits and present circumstances .

The committee agreed to inform the county council it had no objections to the proposal as long as the weighbridge was only used by landfill traffic and the pit only operated in the hours specified in the application .
the committee agreed to inform the county council it had no objections to the proposal as long as the weighbridge was only used by landfill traffic and the pit only operated in the hours [named] in the application .

Figure 2.12 : Histogram showing the number of early Anglo-Saxon settlements on specified soil-types . The largest number of settlements is found on light soils such as rendzinas and stagnogleys and fewer are located on heavy soil-types
figure 2.12 : histogram showing the number of early anglo-saxon settlements on [named] soil-types . the largest number of settlements is found on light soils such as rendzinas and stagnogleys and fewer are located on heavy soil-types

In some TRPs , many routes between sites will be impossible and so , for many i , j , will not be specified and we will expect to have x i j = 0 .
in some trps , many routes between sites will be impossible and so , for many i , j , will not be [named] and we will expect to have x i j = 0 .

For example , in the manufacturing problem described in Section 9.1 , if a goal of 25 is specified for revenue , the manufacturer would seek to maximise revenue if it is below 25 but is not concerned with its value once it exceeds 25 .
for example , in the manufacturing problem described in section 9.1 , if a goal of 25 is [named] for revenue , the manufacturer would seek to maximise revenue if it is below 25 but is not concerned with its value once it exceeds 25 .

They give care according to the plan specified by the primary nurse and will usually only change that plan in an emergency .
they give care according to the plan [named] by the primary nurse and will usually only change that plan in an emergency .

Clause 11 , ‘ Exemption Clause and Right to Indemnity ’ , is emphasized in heavy type because it limits the liability of Overdrive to the haulier in certain specified circumstances .
clause 11 , ‘ exemption clause and right to indemnity ’ , is emphasized in heavy type because it limits the liability of overdrive to the haulier in certain [named] circumstances .

Of the temporary substitution of a vehicle for one off the road if there is no margin ( by letter enclosing identity disc of specified vehicle ) .
of the temporary substitution of a vehicle for one off the road if there is no margin ( by letter enclosing identity disc of [named] vehicle ) .

While being loaded upon carried by or unloaded from any of the Insured 's vehicles specified in the Schedule or any vehicle used to complete the journey in the event of the said vehicle breaking down en route .
while being loaded upon carried by or unloaded from any of the insured 's vehicles [named] in the schedule or any vehicle used to complete the journey in the event of the said vehicle breaking down en route .

if non-delivery of a consignment , whether in part or whole , is not notified in writing within a specified number of days of despatch and a claim made in writing within a further specified number of days of despatch
if non-delivery of a consignment , whether in part or whole , is not notified in writing within a [named] number of days of despatch and a claim made in writing within a further [named] number of days of despatch

if pilferage or damage is not notified in writing within a specified number of days of delivery , and a claim made in writing within a further specified number of days of delivery .
if pilferage or damage is not notified in writing within a [named] number of days of delivery , and a claim made in writing within a further [named] number of days of delivery .

Kirov arrived at the agreed meeting place as he always did , at the exact specified time .
kirov arrived at the agreed meeting place as he always did , at the exact [named] time .

In passing it may be observed that journeymen and apprentices were seldom specified , although this must have been the status of many of the servants that were listed .
in passing it may be observed that journeymen and apprentices were seldom [named] , although this must have been the status of many of the servants that were listed .

in goods should have been assessed on wages or ‘ profits for wages ’ , which were often treated as interchangeable , though sometimes carefully distinguished : in Goldspur hundred on the Kentish border assessments on profits were specified in 1524 , but in the next year the assessments roped in more small taxpayers and divided them into fifty-one on wages , forty-six on profits and seven on goods .
in goods should have been assessed on wages or ‘ profits for wages ’ , which were often treated as interchangeable , though sometimes carefully distinguished : in goldspur hundred on the kentish border assessments on profits were [named] in 1524 , but in the next year the assessments roped in more small taxpayers and divided them into fifty-one on wages , forty-six on profits and seven on goods .

At the same time allowance must be made for local preferences in the matter of terminology : annuities were not specified in Gloucestershire , nor were pensions in Worcestershire where , for example can be found payments of £5 from Kidderminster to John Rooke , serjeant at law of Bristol , £4 from Droitwich to another layman , and £1 .
at the same time allowance must be made for local preferences in the matter of terminology : annuities were not [named] in gloucestershire , nor were pensions in worcestershire where , for example can be found payments of £5 from kidderminster to john rooke , serjeant at law of bristol , £4 from droitwich to another layman , and £1 .

The most frequently stated office was the stewardship of a manor , as specified in the instructions ; it too was frequently omitted .
the most frequently stated office was the stewardship of a manor , as [named] in the instructions ; it too was frequently omitted .

Rent is also specified in the case of John Swyft at Hene , Worcs .
rent is also [named] in the case of john swyft at hene , worcs .

From these goals three areas for enhancement were specified : new directives — structured comments that download commands to the compiler — new constructs — a definition for operations that can affect the way a program is interpreted — and language restrictions , which limit the use of sequence and storage association to avoid conflicts with distributed data .
from these goals three areas for enhancement were [named] : new directives — structured comments that download commands to the compiler — new constructs — a definition for operations that can affect the way a program is interpreted — and language restrictions , which limit the use of sequence and storage association to avoid conflicts with distributed data .

They met for the first time on May 13th 1794 , a date which had been specified in the statute .
they met for the first time on may 13th 1794 , a date which had been [named] in the statute .

In the annual report of the Ministry of Health it had been said that it was the practice , in some wards , to require a casual who was locked in a cell by himself to break a given quantity of stone , often very hard , down to a specified standard of size which was reached when it could be passed through a ring :
in the annual report of the ministry of health it had been said that it was the practice , in some wards , to require a casual who was locked in a cell by himself to break a given quantity of stone , often very hard , down to a [named] standard of size which was reached when it could be passed through a ring :

But such women also frequently work separately from women 's groups where participants ' age is not specified : an indication that these apparently age-free groups do not deal adequately with their interests .
but such women also frequently work separately from women 's groups where participants ' age is not [named] : an indication that these apparently age-free groups do not deal adequately with their interests .

If we decide that poor people are those whose income falls below a certain specified level , then we will have to count all those who are in that category .
if we decide that poor people are those whose income falls below a certain [named] level , then we will have to count all those who are in that category .

However , such hypotheses are expected to emerge from the research as it goes along , rather than be specified from the start and used as a guide to the kind of data that is sought and collected .
however , such hypotheses are expected to emerge from the research as it goes along , rather than be [named] from the start and used as a guide to the kind of data that is sought and collected .

They have obvious advantages over ordinary questionnaires and ‘ checklists ’ : with these one can in practice ask only about a limited number of activities which must be precisely specified in advance .
they have obvious advantages over ordinary questionnaires and ‘ checklists ’ : with these one can in practice ask only about a limited number of activities which must be precisely [named] in advance .

Spencer Stuart 's success rate — proportion of assignments successfully completed to the client 's satisfaction within the specified time — has been independently estimated at 80 % , much higher than many rival firms .
spencer stuart 's success rate — proportion of assignments successfully completed to the client 's satisfaction within the [named] time — has been independently estimated at 80 % , much higher than many rival firms .

It may be that the temples , through their bureaucracy , were able to set quotas on production in the rural villages ; these may have been specified taxes , or tribute , or they may have been expressed as required offerings .
it may be that the temples , through their bureaucracy , were able to set quotas on production in the rural villages ; these may have been [named] taxes , or tribute , or they may have been expressed as required offerings .

To play the social contract game successfully , therefore , when the prescriptions of the contract are culturally rather than genetically specified , an animal would have to think of others as having motivations similar to its own , so that it could foresee their future behaviour , and it would have to communicate symbolically .
to play the social contract game successfully , therefore , when the prescriptions of the contract are culturally rather than genetically [named] , an animal would have to think of others as having motivations similar to its own , so that it could foresee their future behaviour , and it would have to communicate symbolically .

This intuitive account would require , in an analogue of consciousness for which program-level reduction could provide a necessary condition , but no more , that there be access from a higher to a lower level of programming language in certain , yet to be specified , circumstances .
this intuitive account would require , in an analogue of consciousness for which program-level reduction could provide a necessary condition , but no more , that there be access from a higher to a lower level of programming language in certain , yet to be [named] , circumstances .

The difficulty of this task is likely to vary depending on the level of headings we wish to use , in other words the amount of detail that is specified in the course curriculum .
the difficulty of this task is likely to vary depending on the level of headings we wish to use , in other words the amount of detail that is [named] in the course curriculum .

Once specified , these problem behaviours can be talked about to the child and clear guidelines given about what is expected and what is going to happen if the child continues to misbehave .
once [named] , these problem behaviours can be talked about to the child and clear guidelines given about what is expected and what is going to happen if the child continues to misbehave .

It is necessary to provide some flexibility with relative inheritance : for example , specified fonts may be unavailable or too big/small to read .
it is necessary to provide some flexibility with relative inheritance : for example , [named] fonts may be unavailable or too big/small to read .

As we have said , the Guide author 's menu always contains commands for creating instances of each context specified in the current context-table ( s ) .
as we have said , the guide author 's menu always contains commands for creating instances of each context [named] in the current context-table ( s ) .

The scheme has the defect , however , that the name-space and the properties specified in context-tables relate only to Guide .
the scheme has the defect , however , that the name-space and the properties [named] in context-tables relate only to guide .

If the supposed punisher does not weaken a specified undesirable behaviour then it is not a punisher at all and so should not be used .
if the supposed punisher does not weaken a [named] undesirable behaviour then it is not a punisher at all and so should not be used .

The tokens are given only on completion of a specified desirable behaviour .
the tokens are given only on completion of a [named] desirable behaviour .

This aims at rewarding a specified desirable behaviour which competes with undesirable behaviour .
this aims at rewarding a [named] desirable behaviour which competes with undesirable behaviour .

The child is told that every time it completes a specified desirable behaviour it will earn a ‘ token ’ .
the child is told that every time it completes a [named] desirable behaviour it will earn a ‘ token ’ .

These are the most frequently used records and involve making a mark every time a specified behaviour is witnessed .
these are the most frequently used records and involve making a mark every time a [named] behaviour is witnessed .

This involves noting when the specified behaviour starts , noting again when it ends and recording the time lapse .
this involves noting when the [named] behaviour starts , noting again when it ends and recording the time lapse .

Contingent on the child producing a specified ‘ good ’ behaviour .
contingent on the child producing a [named] ‘ good ’ behaviour .

First , a number of rules were specified about the use of rewards and punishers and it was suggested that a reward ‘ menu ’ be drawn up for each intervention in order that the child does not become satiated by a single type of reward which could then lose its reinforcing properties .
first , a number of rules were [named] about the use of rewards and punishers and it was suggested that a reward ‘ menu ’ be drawn up for each intervention in order that the child does not become satiated by a single type of reward which could then lose its reinforcing properties .

However , it is vital that the competing behaviour be specified with the same objectivity as the problem behaviour .
however , it is vital that the competing behaviour be [named] with the same objectivity as the problem behaviour .

It should be stressed that they should carry on normally during the observation period ; it is simply the time when the specified behaviours are recorded .
it should be stressed that they should carry on normally during the observation period ; it is simply the time when the [named] behaviours are recorded .

Here , the aim of the therapeutic intervention is specified in terms of the verbal responses which are considered desirable for a particular child but are as yet not part of the child 's verbal repertoire .
here , the aim of the therapeutic intervention is [named] in terms of the verbal responses which are considered desirable for a particular child but are as yet not part of the child 's verbal repertoire .

Second , the contingent environmental events which may strengthen or weaken verbal responses are specified and an attempt should be made to identify those contingencies which will operate to maintain the target behaviours in the natural environment once they have been established through systematic teaching .
second , the contingent environmental events which may strengthen or weaken verbal responses are [named] and an attempt should be made to identify those contingencies which will operate to maintain the target behaviours in the natural environment once they have been established through systematic teaching .

It may not be possible to supply the winners ' specified equipment in every case but near alternatives of similar value may be substituted .
it may not be possible to supply the winners ' [named] equipment in every case but near alternatives of similar value may be substituted .

Douglas Engelbart 's group published a paper in which each paragraph was prefaced by a number that exactly specified that paragraph 's position in the outline .
douglas engelbart 's group published a paper in which each paragraph was prefaced by a number that exactly [named] that paragraph 's position in the outline .

The constraint is specified that the citing and cited objects must be members of the set text : therefore , the identifiers of the text units must conform to the structure of text.id and the text units must be instances of the class text to enforce referential integrity .
the constraint is [named] that the citing and cited objects must be members of the set text : therefore , the identifiers of the text units must conform to the structure of text.id and the text units must be instances of the class text to enforce referential integrity .

The sheet had not specified whether the driver was being investigated for ‘ driving or attempting to drive ’ or ‘ being in charge of a vehicle ’ , which carried a lower maximum penalty .
the sheet had not [named] whether the driver was being investigated for ‘ driving or attempting to drive ’ or ‘ being in charge of a vehicle ’ , which carried a lower maximum penalty .

must insure such person , persons or classes of persons as may be specified in the policy in respect of any liability which may be incurred by him or them in respect of the death of or bodily injury to any person caused by , or arising out of , the use of the vehicle on a road in Great Britain ; and
must insure such person , persons or classes of persons as may be [named] in the policy in respect of any liability which may be incurred by him or them in respect of the death of or bodily injury to any person caused by , or arising out of , the use of the vehicle on a road in great britain ; and

All vehicles that are required to have seat belts fitted must have seat belts fitted to the driver 's seat and the specified passenger 's seat . The specified passenger 's seat is defined by regulation 47(8) as —
all vehicles that are required to have seat belts fitted must have seat belts fitted to the driver 's seat and the [named] passenger 's seat . the [named] passenger 's seat is defined by regulation 47(8) as —

if the vehicle normally has no seat which is the specified passenger 's seat under the last preceding sub-paragraph , the forward-facing front seat for a passenger which is foremost in the vehicle and furthest from the driver 's seat , unless there is a fixed partition separating such seat from the space in front of it alongside the driver 's seat . Exceptions are given under regulation 5 The Motor Vehicles ( Wearing-of Seat Belts ) Regulations 1982 :
if the vehicle normally has no seat which is the [named] passenger 's seat under the last preceding sub-paragraph , the forward-facing front seat for a passenger which is foremost in the vehicle and furthest from the driver 's seat , unless there is a fixed partition separating such seat from the space in front of it alongside the driver 's seat . exceptions are given under regulation 5 the motor vehicles ( wearing-of seat belts ) regulations 1982 :

The requirement specified in Regulation 4 does not apply to a person who is —
the requirement [named] in regulation 4 does not apply to a person who is —

‘ the lighting equipment of which required by these Regulations to be fitted , namely … ( here specify ) This point is proved by showing whatever is specified is the lamp or reflector in question , e.g , the obligatory front nearside lamp or the rear offside reflector etc .
‘ the lighting equipment of which required by these regulations to be fitted , namely … ( here specify ) this point is proved by showing whatever is [named] is the lamp or reflector in question , e.g , the obligatory front nearside lamp or the rear offside reflector etc .

Nigel 's will had specified ‘ garden flowers only ’ .
nigel 's will had [named] ‘ garden flowers only ’ .

She prepared a list of changes and instructed the solicitor that , apart from the specified alterations , she did not want to alter her existing will .
she prepared a list of changes and instructed the solicitor that , apart from the [named] alterations , she did not want to alter her existing will .

Second , graphs of specific key financial variables are more likely to be included in the annual reports of companies with ‘ good ’ rather than ‘ bad ’ performance in terms of the specified variable .
second , graphs of specific key financial variables are more likely to be included in the annual reports of companies with ‘ good ’ rather than ‘ bad ’ performance in terms of the [named] variable .

The Revenue will regard the above requirements as satisfied by such notices , provided that the information required to be specified is given for each pair of claimant and surrendering companies , and a declaration is made on behalf of each claimant company .
the revenue will regard the above requirements as satisfied by such notices , provided that the information required to be [named] is given for each pair of claimant and surrendering companies , and a declaration is made on behalf of each claimant company .

However , the Revenue has not specified the form of group relief surrenders , and these will continue to require the signature of the surrendering company 's secretary .
however , the revenue has not [named] the form of group relief surrenders , and these will continue to require the signature of the surrendering company 's secretary .

Unless otherwise specified the term mudaliyar refers to officials with territorial jurisdiction .
unless otherwise [named] the term mudaliyar refers to officials with territorial jurisdiction .

He was also given the power to convict on any charge within his jurisdiction , even if another offence was originally specified on the charge sheet .
he was also given the power to convict on any charge within his jurisdiction , even if another offence was originally [named] on the charge sheet .

The proclamation under which the conviction had been obtained specified that in order to constitute an offence such an action had to be carried out ‘ without the authority of a competent Magistrate ’ .
the proclamation under which the conviction had been obtained [named] that in order to constitute an offence such an action had to be carried out ‘ without the authority of a competent magistrate ’ .

Only specified headmen were empowered to certify vouchers .
only [named] headmen were empowered to certify vouchers .

It was legal for landowners to seize and take to specified headmen or the village committee headquarters cattle which were found straying on cultivated or fenced land .
it was legal for landowners to seize and take to [named] headmen or the village committee headquarters cattle which were found straying on cultivated or fenced land .

In the meantime , work was proceeding on the Croydon — Sutton line and the time limit specified in the Act was due to run out by the end of the year .
in the meantime , work was proceeding on the croydon — sutton line and the time limit [named] in the act was due to run out by the end of the year .

Repayment within the specified period is guaranteed .
repayment within the [named] period is guaranteed .

Thus the supplier may issue a fee note ( sometimes known as a payment request note or a pro forma invoice ) rather than an invoice containing all the requirements of a tax invoice ( as specified in reg 13 ( 1 ) ) .
thus the supplier may issue a fee note ( sometimes known as a payment request note or a pro forma invoice ) rather than an invoice containing all the requirements of a tax invoice ( as [named] in reg 13 ( 1 ) ) .

She went out of business in April 1990 but , because the contract specified a minimum term of three years , only stopped making payments last May .
she went out of business in april 1990 but , because the contract [named] a minimum term of three years , only stopped making payments last may .

Either of the above methods , immediate write-down of the pension fund asset or spreading of the new variation , would appear to be acceptable , although many prefer the treatment specified in the standard .
either of the above methods , immediate write-down of the pension fund asset or spreading of the new variation , would appear to be acceptable , although many prefer the treatment [named] in the standard .

no taxes , or low taxes on specified income or capital gains ;
no taxes , or low taxes on [named] income or capital gains ;

Training is a process of preparation towards the achievement of a range of outcomes which are specified in advance .
training is a process of preparation towards the achievement of a range of outcomes which are [named] in advance .

They should monitor its performance against specified objectives , with milestones along the way .
they should monitor its performance against [named] objectives , with milestones along the way .

The most obvious examples of economic support between kin concerns giving and lending money for specified purposes .
the most obvious examples of economic support between kin concerns giving and lending money for [named] purposes .

Clark demonstrates that older people tried , where possible , to set up contractually based arrangements ( some of them enforceable through the courts ) to secure their livelihood and care in old age , through a system whereby they surrendered some of their rights to their land to a specified individual , in return for agreed services — ‘ individually arranged pension benefits ’ ( ibid .
clark demonstrates that older people tried , where possible , to set up contractually based arrangements ( some of them enforceable through the courts ) to secure their livelihood and care in old age , through a system whereby they surrendered some of their rights to their land to a [named] individual , in return for agreed services — ‘ individually arranged pension benefits ’ ( ibid .

No best fit occurs within the specified range of whichever cycle length record is used .
no best fit occurs within the [named] range of whichever cycle length record is used .

, a certain degree of regional variation has already been specified at the level of rhombomere pairs ; retinoic acid is unable to override the specification choice of an odd- or even-numbered character .
, a certain degree of regional variation has already been [named] at the level of rhombomere pairs ; retinoic acid is unable to override the specification choice of an odd- or even-numbered character .

The agenda specified the election of sixteen members to each of the ten Conciliar Commissions — the successors of the preparatory ones .
the agenda [named] the election of sixteen members to each of the ten conciliar commissions — the successors of the preparatory ones .

The duties of the deacon were specified as ‘ to administer baptism solemnly , to be custodian and dispenser of the Eucharist , to assist at and bless marriages in the name of the Church , to bring viaticum to the dying , to read the Sacred Scriptures to the faithful , to instruct and exhort the people , to preside at the worship and prayer of the faithful , to administer Sacramentals , and to officiate at funeral and burial services ’ .
the duties of the deacon were [named] as ‘ to administer baptism solemnly , to be custodian and dispenser of the eucharist , to assist at and bless marriages in the name of the church , to bring viaticum to the dying , to read the sacred scriptures to the faithful , to instruct and exhort the people , to preside at the worship and prayer of the faithful , to administer sacramentals , and to officiate at funeral and burial services ’ .

What Jencks 's argument makes clear is that inheritance theories are only of practical value when the inherited characteristic is specified , together with the way in which it actually operates to produce criminal behaviour .
what jencks 's argument makes clear is that inheritance theories are only of practical value when the inherited characteristic is [named] , together with the way in which it actually operates to produce criminal behaviour .

On this view , we can only realistically expect positivist criminology to produce ‘ probabilistic ’ theories — associating variability of cause with variability of outcome ; we should expect no more than loose associations between specified causal variables and criminal behaviour .
on this view , we can only realistically expect positivist criminology to produce ‘ probabilistic ’ theories — associating variability of cause with variability of outcome ; we should expect no more than loose associations between [named] causal variables and criminal behaviour .

‘ Practical ’ determinism and ‘ practical ’ indeterminism thus converge in allowing that circumstances can be specified which give rise to varying levels of probability of crime occurring .
‘ practical ’ determinism and ‘ practical ’ indeterminism thus converge in allowing that circumstances can be [named] which give rise to varying levels of probability of crime occurring .

In these attempts to specify human needs two problems dominate : validating the particular ‘ needs ’ that are specified , and establishing their universality .
in these attempts to specify human needs two problems dominate : validating the particular ‘ needs ’ that are [named] , and establishing their universality .

There were , however , limits placed on their centralising tendencies by the Electricity Act itself , which specified the decentralisation of the distribution and retail functions to the fourteen Area Electricity Boards .
there were , however , limits placed on their centralising tendencies by the electricity act itself , which [named] the decentralisation of the distribution and retail functions to the fourteen area electricity boards .

The relationship between Ministers and the new Electricity Boards , though laid down by statute , was not rigidly specified , but large powers of fuel policy coordination , and of oversight of finance and general policy , were given to the Minister .
the relationship between ministers and the new electricity boards , though laid down by statute , was not rigidly [named] , but large powers of fuel policy coordination , and of oversight of finance and general policy , were given to the minister .

Procedures for tackling problems when they emerge must be specified , so that they can be dealt with before they become intractable .
procedures for tackling problems when they emerge must be [named] , so that they can be dealt with before they become intractable .

Yet Mary Joe forcibly made the point that ‘ exhibitions can hurt the tour when they take place during the same period , the same City or just the same continent as specified sanctioned tournaments .
yet mary joe forcibly made the point that ‘ exhibitions can hurt the tour when they take place during the same period , the same city or just the same continent as [named] sanctioned tournaments .

Nevertheless , all hangs on how those educational reforms are actually implemented : how tightly the National Curriculum is specified , what exactly the 7 , 11 and 14 tests are going to look like , the way opting-out proposals are evaluated and precisely how opted-out schools are to be financed , and what their relationship to central Government and local authorities is to be .
nevertheless , all hangs on how those educational reforms are actually implemented : how tightly the national curriculum is [named] , what exactly the 7 , 11 and 14 tests are going to look like , the way opting-out proposals are evaluated and precisely how opted-out schools are to be financed , and what their relationship to central government and local authorities is to be .

Exactly how the controlling group agrees on common interests and actions is not specified , though the implication is of some quasi-conspiratorial corporatist process .
exactly how the controlling group agrees on common interests and actions is not [named] , though the implication is of some quasi-conspiratorial corporatist process .

By 0900hrs the Japanese were back to raid other specified targets , this time they met some opposition in the air , several American fighters were now airborne but the pilots had no combat experience so the Japanese had the advantage .
by 0900hrs the japanese were back to raid other [named] targets , this time they met some opposition in the air , several american fighters were now airborne but the pilots had no combat experience so the japanese had the advantage .

They can bring , through their training and experience , particular and specified ways of looking at a child 's problem .
they can bring , through their training and experience , particular and [named] ways of looking at a child 's problem .

The role of the human operator in these circumstances is largely specified by operating instructions which are mandatory .
the role of the human operator in these circumstances is largely [named] by operating instructions which are mandatory .

For such macro-systems , the principle that the designer produces what he thinks the users need is being replaced by the principle that the users themselves decide what they want and the professionals assist them in designing as specified by the users .
for such macro-systems , the principle that the designer produces what he thinks the users need is being replaced by the principle that the users themselves decide what they want and the professionals assist them in designing as [named] by the users .

If a required function can be specified precisely then a mechanism can be designed to perform it .
if a required function can be [named] precisely then a mechanism can be designed to perform it .

It is generally accepted ( p. 145 ) that ‘ hygiene ’ type variables such as pay and working conditions can , if they are inappropriately specified , depress morale and motivation but they will not in themselves result in very high levels of these parameters .
it is generally accepted ( p. 145 ) that ‘ hygiene ’ type variables such as pay and working conditions can , if they are inappropriately [named] , depress morale and motivation but they will not in themselves result in very high levels of these parameters .

The issue itself must be specified as precisely as possible usually in terms of both what we want to know and why we want to know .
the issue itself must be [named] as precisely as possible usually in terms of both what we want to know and why we want to know .

In general , programmed instruction is most useful for tasks which can be comprehensively specified .
in general , programmed instruction is most useful for tasks which can be comprehensively [named] .

the explanatory power and potential planning applicability of geographic theory does not depend on the employed and usually specified spatial axioms but rather on the unspecified axioms about individual and group behaviour .
the explanatory power and potential planning applicability of geographic theory does not depend on the employed and usually [named] spatial axioms but rather on the unspecified axioms about individual and group behaviour .

Their exact dimensions are n't easily measured , though , since they are as inconstant as all Chaos terrains , and whenever dimensions and scale are important , these are specified in the individual descriptions below .
their exact dimensions are n't easily measured , though , since they are as inconstant as all chaos terrains , and whenever dimensions and scale are important , these are [named] in the individual descriptions below .

Findings which are replicated throughout a number of countries , or which can be shown to vary under specified conditions , become much more powerful since ‘ an explanatory theory of industrial relations can not be based upon the narrow range of industrial relations processes observable in one , or even a few , countries ’ ( Walker , 1967 , p. 108 ) .
findings which are replicated throughout a number of countries , or which can be shown to vary under [named] conditions , become much more powerful since ‘ an explanatory theory of industrial relations can not be based upon the narrow range of industrial relations processes observable in one , or even a few , countries ’ ( walker , 1967 , p. 108 ) .

The 1559 Elizabethan injunctions had specified that , while not in use , the holy table should be ‘ set in the place where the altar stood ’ , but that during the communion service it should be moved down ‘ in good sort within the chancel ’ so that the minister could be more clearly heard .
the 1559 elizabethan injunctions had [named] that , while not in use , the holy table should be ‘ set in the place where the altar stood ’ , but that during the communion service it should be moved down ‘ in good sort within the chancel ’ so that the minister could be more clearly heard .

Italy was to join the war on the Allied side on 23 May 1915 , although at first her declaration of hostilities specified Austria-Hungary only .
italy was to join the war on the allied side on 23 may 1915 , although at first her declaration of hostilities [named] austria-hungary only .

Just as whatever production he worked on , his contract specified that he would never work on St David 's Day — the Welsh National Day .
just as whatever production he worked on , his contract [named] that he would never work on st david 's day — the welsh national day .

Happily , there are now restrictions upon the use of specified chemicals and so our rivers and waterways should be less polluted .
happily , there are now restrictions upon the use of [named] chemicals and so our rivers and waterways should be less polluted .

We do suggest one small change , to allow an employee 's payment method to be changed at the discretion of his employer , if at the time that he entered that employment , he had agreed to accept that change at some future time ( not necessarily specified ) .
we do suggest one small change , to allow an employee 's payment method to be changed at the discretion of his employer , if at the time that he entered that employment , he had agreed to accept that change at some future time ( not necessarily [named] ) .

It 's easier to work in metric , as that is how most bathroom furniture is specified .
it 's easier to work in metric , as that is how most bathroom furniture is [named] .

It read , ‘ Meet us at 8 o'clock on Boxing Night ’ and specified a place .
it read , ‘ meet us at 8 o'clock on boxing night ’ and [named] a place .

They accepted the claims without question and assumed , equally without question , that the detained paramilitary men from the Rathcoole district had been responsible for both of the specified shooting atrocities .
they accepted the claims without question and assumed , equally without question , that the detained paramilitary men from the rathcoole district had been responsible for both of the [named] shooting atrocities .

All you have to do to compete is pick up an entry form , match Italian cities to specified colours on the map , and use your nous to come up with a pithy advertising slogan for Rowney 's Designer Gouache .
all you have to do to compete is pick up an entry form , match italian cities to [named] colours on the map , and use your nous to come up with a pithy advertising slogan for rowney 's designer gouache .

6.1 This Agreement shall take effect on the date of signature of this Agreement and shall continue for a period of three years and from year to year thereafter until or unless terminated by either party giving to the other not less than six months ' prior written notice , subject always to prior termination as hereinafter specified .
6.1 this agreement shall take effect on the date of signature of this agreement and shall continue for a period of three years and from year to year thereafter until or unless terminated by either party giving to the other not less than six months ' prior written notice , subject always to prior termination as hereinafter [named] .

7.1 agrees to order from the minimum number of copies of the Licensed Software as specified in Schedule 9 .
7.1 agrees to order from the minimum number of copies of the licensed software as [named] in schedule 9 .

7.5 In the event that fails to order and pay for the minimum number of copies of the Licensed Software specified in Schedule 9 shall be entitled at its option , to terminate the Agreement without liability .
7.5 in the event that fails to order and pay for the minimum number of copies of the licensed software [named] in schedule 9 shall be entitled at its option , to terminate the agreement without liability .

the alleged error or malfunction has been notified to within the warranty period specified above .
the alleged error or malfunction has been notified to within the warranty period [named] above .

18.1 Any notice required or permitted under the terms of this Agreement or required by statute , law or regulation shall , unless otherwise provided for , be in writing , and shall be delivered in person , sent by registered mail or air mail as appropriate , properly posted and fully pre-paid in an envelope properly addressed , or sent by telefax or by telex to the respective Parties as specified above or to such other address , telefax or telex number as may from time to time be designated by notice hereunder .
18.1 any notice required or permitted under the terms of this agreement or required by statute , law or regulation shall , unless otherwise provided for , be in writing , and shall be delivered in person , sent by registered mail or air mail as appropriate , properly posted and fully pre-paid in an envelope properly addressed , or sent by telefax or by telex to the respective parties as [named] above or to such other address , telefax or telex number as may from time to time be designated by notice hereunder .

Make the Program available to any person or entity other than your employees , who must use the software as specified above .
make the program available to any person or entity other than your employees , who must use the software as [named] above .

10.7.1 Subject to due performance of its obligations hereunder each Party shall be entitled , subject to reimbursement of the costs of collation reproduction and delivery , to receive copies of all results and of such background technical information of the other Parties as is in each case reasonably necessary for such Party independently to exploit results in the manner specified herein .
10.7.1 subject to due performance of its obligations hereunder each party shall be entitled , subject to reimbursement of the costs of collation reproduction and delivery , to receive copies of all results and of such background technical information of the other parties as is in each case reasonably necessary for such party independently to exploit results in the manner [named] herein .

10.7.4 Each Party ( hereinafter in this Clause called the sub-licensor ) shall have the right to sub-licence a Party other than a Party to this Agreement ( hereinafter in this Clause called the sub-licensee ) to use any technical information of any Party for the purposes of the sub-licensee in like manner as specified in Clause 10.7 b subject to written consent of the Party who has generated or supplied such technical information .
10.7.4 each party ( hereinafter in this clause called the sub-licensor ) shall have the right to sub-licence a party other than a party to this agreement ( hereinafter in this clause called the sub-licensee ) to use any technical information of any party for the purposes of the sub-licensee in like manner as [named] in clause 10.7 b subject to written consent of the party who has generated or supplied such technical information .

13.2.3 Subject as aforesaid , any refusal or unreasonable delay ( including but not by way of limitation , any delay beyond the date specified in the request ) in granting such consent may be referred to the Project Committee .
13.2.3 subject as aforesaid , any refusal or unreasonable delay ( including but not by way of limitation , any delay beyond the date [named] in the request ) in granting such consent may be referred to the project committee .

Approval shall not be required under this Agreement in the case of a sub-contract in respect of which the Sub-contractor and the work to be sub-contracted has been specified in the Proposal .
approval shall not be required under this agreement in the case of a sub-contract in respect of which the sub-contractor and the work to be sub-contracted has been [named] in the proposal .

As such it is seen as the first part of a larger work , to be completed by sequel works of a similar kind but which will be separately specified and will be covered by separate agreements in accordance with the terms and conditions laid down in Clause 14.1 .
as such it is seen as the first part of a larger work , to be completed by sequel works of a similar kind but which will be separately [named] and will be covered by separate agreements in accordance with the terms and conditions laid down in clause 14.1 .

3 The Publisher will pay the Proprietor £5,000 ( five thousand pounds sterling ) as an advance on the royalties specified in Clause 2 above on publication of the Classroom Version in English .
3 the publisher will pay the proprietor £5,000 ( five thousand pounds sterling ) as an advance on the royalties [named] in clause 2 above on publication of the classroom version in english .

The payments specified in Paragraph 3 above are for non-broadcast use of the Video .
the payments [named] in paragraph 3 above are for non-broadcast use of the video .

The payments specified in Paragraph 3 above are for non-broadcast use of the Video .
the payments [named] in paragraph 3 above are for non-broadcast use of the video .

1.2 The Programmer will deliver the Program to the Publisher by the dated specified in Part 1 of the Schedule ( or by any later date agreed between the parties ) ; in this respect time shall be of the essence of the contract .
1.2 the programmer will deliver the program to the publisher by the dated [named] in part 1 of the schedule ( or by any later date agreed between the parties ) ; in this respect time shall be of the essence of the contract .

1.2 The Programmer will deliver the Program to the Publisher by the dated specified in Part 1 of the Schedule ( or by any later date agreed between the parties ) ; in this respect time shall be of the essence of the contract .
1.2 the programmer will deliver the program to the publisher by the dated [named] in part 1 of the schedule ( or by any later date agreed between the parties ) ; in this respect time shall be of the essence of the contract .

3.2 The Publisher will supply the Distributor with labels and insert cards according to the formats , standards and numbers specified by the Distributor and as set out in Schedule 2 or additions thereto .
3.2 the publisher will supply the distributor with labels and insert cards according to the formats , standards and numbers [named] by the distributor and as set out in schedule 2 or additions thereto .

The Video titles and the initial quantities according to formats and standard are specified below .
the video titles and the initial quantities according to formats and standard are [named] below .

The Video titles and the initial quantities according to formats and standard are specified below .
the video titles and the initial quantities according to formats and standard are [named] below .

The Video titles and the initial quantities according to formats and standard are specified below .
the video titles and the initial quantities according to formats and standard are [named] below .

The Video titles and the initial quantities according to formats and standard are specified below .
the video titles and the initial quantities according to formats and standard are [named] below .

The payments specified in Paragraph 3 above are for non-broadcast use of the Video .
the payments [named] in paragraph 3 above are for non-broadcast use of the video .

It required local authorities to establish maternity and child welfare committees , to include at least two women , and specified services for which grants would now be made available including home helps , food for expectant and nursing mothers and children under five , creches and day nurseries .
it required local authorities to establish maternity and child welfare committees , to include at least two women , and [named] services for which grants would now be made available including home helps , food for expectant and nursing mothers and children under five , creches and day nurseries .

Mosca and Pareto both claimed that their conclusions were based on direct empirical research , and followed a well specified methodology quite distinct from the loose theoretical analysis practised by contemporary Marxists or the trusting juridical focus on institutional appearances employed by advocates of liberal democracy .
mosca and pareto both claimed that their conclusions were based on direct empirical research , and followed a well [named] methodology quite distinct from the loose theoretical analysis practised by contemporary marxists or the trusting juridical focus on institutional appearances employed by advocates of liberal democracy .

The state can be conveniently thought of as a rational , unitary decision-maker ( Allison , 1971 , p. 32 ) which has one set of specified goals , one set of perceived options , and a single estimate of the consequences which follow from each alternative available to it .
the state can be conveniently thought of as a rational , unitary decision-maker ( allison , 1971 , p. 32 ) which has one set of [named] goals , one set of perceived options , and a single estimate of the consequences which follow from each alternative available to it .

On the contrary , under favourable conditions ( which were never clearly specified ) the rise of economic specialization led to the development of a new and improved kind of social cohesion and one largely inspired , it would seem , by utopian socialism .
on the contrary , under favourable conditions ( which were never clearly [named] ) the rise of economic specialization led to the development of a new and improved kind of social cohesion and one largely inspired , it would seem , by utopian socialism .

Rationality can very properly be specified not in terms exclusively of methods supposed to lead to truth but more generally in terms of methods for reaching a consistent and comprehensive stance towards the world as it really is , something perfectly possible in ethical thought as the attitudinist describes it .
rationality can very properly be [named] not in terms exclusively of methods supposed to lead to truth but more generally in terms of methods for reaching a consistent and comprehensive stance towards the world as it really is , something perfectly possible in ethical thought as the attitudinist describes it .

But this is true also , according to Spinoza , of virtues which are specified primarily in terms of concern with the well being of others .
but this is true also , according to spinoza , of virtues which are [named] primarily in terms of concern with the well being of others .

One Latin American country drew up guidelines which specified that torturers must be able to control themselves ; must go as far as is necessary and no further ; and must have goals that are both important and impersonal .
one latin american country drew up guidelines which [named] that torturers must be able to control themselves ; must go as far as is necessary and no further ; and must have goals that are both important and impersonal .

During the parts of the course spent away from the University , students will work in a specified hospital laboratory or laboratories in the Region .
during the parts of the course spent away from the university , students will work in a [named] hospital laboratory or laboratories in the region .

During the parts of he scheme spent away from the University , the student will work in specified hospitals within the Region .
during the parts of he scheme spent away from the university , the student will work in [named] hospitals within the region .

The terms of the reference for the visit , agreed under the auspices of the United Nations , specified that all those wishing to make contract with the parliamentarians should be free to do so .
the terms of the reference for the visit , agreed under the auspices of the united nations , [named] that all those wishing to make contract with the parliamentarians should be free to do so .

( An event in this sense is something that takes place at a single point in space , at a specified point in time . )
( an event in this sense is something that takes place at a single point in space , at a [named] point in time . )

Such land may be zoned for immediate development or for development within a specified period of five or more years .
such land may be zoned for immediate development or for development within a [named] period of five or more years .

As published in the central press , it specified that defence , foreign policy , energy , communications , transport and budgetary matters would be decided ‘ jointly ’ by the centre and the republics , but that in all other matters republican laws would have precedence over those of the union as a whole .
as published in the central press , it [named] that defence , foreign policy , energy , communications , transport and budgetary matters would be decided ‘ jointly ’ by the centre and the republics , but that in all other matters republican laws would have precedence over those of the union as a whole .

This is something that is often somewhat ambiguously specified in the traditional economic models .
this is something that is often somewhat ambiguously [named] in the traditional economic models .

Clearly the most drastic punishment for a firm that has reneged on the collusive agreement would be for the other firms to force it to its security level , either forever or for some specified number of time periods .
clearly the most drastic punishment for a firm that has reneged on the collusive agreement would be for the other firms to force it to its security level , either forever or for some [named] number of time periods .

The principal is required to give his clerk specified minimum training ( or to enable him to receive it from others ) .
the principal is required to give his clerk [named] minimum training ( or to enable him to receive it from others ) .

Details which are ignored in the source text but which have to be specified in the target language can pose a serious dilemma for the translator if they can not be reasonably inferred from the context .
details which are ignored in the source text but which have to be [named] in the target language can pose a serious dilemma for the translator if they can not be reasonably inferred from the context .

The change in the information content of the message may be in the form of omitting information specified in the source text .
the change in the information content of the message may be in the form of omitting information [named] in the source text .

In passive clauses , the subject is the affected entity , and the agent may or may not be specified , depending on the structures available in each language .
in passive clauses , the subject is the affected entity , and the agent may or may not be [named] , depending on the structures available in each language .

The structure illustrated in ( c ) , where the agent is specified in a passive clause , is much less frequent than the structure illustrated in ( b ) , where the agent is left unspecified .
the structure illustrated in ( c ) , where the agent is [named] in a passive clause , is much less frequent than the structure illustrated in ( b ) , where the agent is left unspecified .

The study of change in American life and cities was truthfully specified as an important goal for indeed socially sensitive sociolinguistic work always takes place within such a context .
the study of change in american life and cities was truthfully [named] as an important goal for indeed socially sensitive sociolinguistic work always takes place within such a context .

Both the Belfast and the Philadelphia projects restrict access to members of the research group or scholars who are temporarily affiliated for the purpose of carrying out a specified piece of work .
both the belfast and the philadelphia projects restrict access to members of the research group or scholars who are temporarily affiliated for the purpose of carrying out a [named] piece of work .

Not surprisingly , realization of ( o ) is much more variable than this very idealized representation implies , although ( as even the small amount of data in table 6.4 suggests ) it is certainly constrained by the factors specified .
not surprisingly , realization of ( o ) is much more variable than this very idealized representation implies , although ( as even the small amount of data in table 6.4 suggests ) it is certainly constrained by the factors [named] .

The total membership of this third class can not be predicted on phonological grounds , nor reliably specified by appealing to the intuitions of native speakers .
the total membership of this third class can not be predicted on phonological grounds , nor reliably [named] by appealing to the intuitions of native speakers .

Precisely because the composition of phonolexical sets can not be specified on phonological grounds , it is difficult to find a principled way of specifying the lexical input to the variable ( u ) ; eventually eighteen words were assigned to the set simply on the basis of observation .
precisely because the composition of phonolexical sets can not be [named] on phonological grounds , it is difficult to find a principled way of specifying the lexical input to the variable ( u ) ; eventually eighteen words were assigned to the set simply on the basis of observation .

The limitations and advantages of the selected procedure need to be understood , and the purpose of the analysis carefully specified .
the limitations and advantages of the selected procedure need to be understood , and the purpose of the analysis carefully [named] .

Similar constraints , many of them much more obvious , are routinely specified for most phonological variables ; for example / r/ is variably deleted in many dialects only pre-consonantally and word-finally .
similar constraints , many of them much more obvious , are routinely [named] for most phonological variables ; for example / r/ is variably deleted in many dialects only pre-consonantally and word-finally .

Some linguists argue that such equivalence does not exist ( Bolinger 1977 ) while others like Coveney argue that a weaker kind of equivalence ( of a kind which can not however easily be specified ) is sufficient for identifying structures as variants of an underlying variable .
some linguists argue that such equivalence does not exist ( bolinger 1977 ) while others like coveney argue that a weaker kind of equivalence ( of a kind which can not however easily be [named] ) is sufficient for identifying structures as variants of an underlying variable .

The inclusion of the charterer 's duties in the text of the charter party made this contract conditional in the sense that its enforcement by the charterer depended upon fulfillment of the specified conditions .
the inclusion of the charterer 's duties in the text of the charter party made this contract conditional in the sense that its enforcement by the charterer depended upon fulfillment of the [named] conditions .

The Visby Protocol raised the package and freight unit limitation and expressed the amount as the equivalent of a specified quantity of gold : 10,000 Poincaré francs per package or 30 Poincaré francs per kilogram .
the visby protocol raised the package and freight unit limitation and expressed the amount as the equivalent of a [named] quantity of gold : 10,000 poincaré francs per package or 30 poincaré francs per kilogram .

More commonly , however , the agent for the owner or head charterer is a specialized ship 's agent dedicated to service only specified owners or head charterers , who not only books chartered space but also provides port services for the chartered vessel .
more commonly , however , the agent for the owner or head charterer is a specialized ship 's agent dedicated to service only [named] owners or head charterers , who not only books chartered space but also provides port services for the chartered vessel .

It is quite common in the futures ' market to sell one obligation to deliver specified commodities repeatedly during a trading day .
it is quite common in the futures ' market to sell one obligation to deliver [named] commodities repeatedly during a trading day .

The carrier sends this notice or ‘ receipt message ’ electronically to the electronic address specified by the shipper .
the carrier sends this notice or ‘ receipt message ’ electronically to the electronic address [named] by the shipper .

Meredith ( 1984 ) had not been alone in calling for the Secretary of State to reply within a specified length of time .
meredith ( 1984 ) had not been alone in calling for the secretary of state to reply within a [named] length of time .

It is common today to hear complaints from established institutions , which still claim some dominance ( now more usually called ‘ responsibility ’ ) in general social and cultural reproduction , against the character of market-dominant cultural production , usually specified as ‘ sex-and-violence ’ .
it is common today to hear complaints from established institutions , which still claim some dominance ( now more usually called ‘ responsibility ’ ) in general social and cultural reproduction , against the character of market-dominant cultural production , usually [named] as ‘ sex-and-violence ’ .

But this does not , without forcing , mean that such distinctions are clear and regular enough to delimit a category , and especially a category as difficult as this : that some works in a practice which has been specified as an art are ‘ not art ’ or ‘ not really art ’ .
but this does not , without forcing , mean that such distinctions are clear and regular enough to delimit a category , and especially a category as difficult as this : that some works in a practice which has been [named] as an art are ‘ not art ’ or ‘ not really art ’ .

However , many farmers believe that they must ‘ look after ’ their employees beyond the bare minimum specified by their contract of employment as a guarantee of sound and harmonious labour relations .
however , many farmers believe that they must ‘ look after ’ their employees beyond the bare minimum [named] by their contract of employment as a guarantee of sound and harmonious labour relations .

And once we take notice that in reality individual holdings in companies , other than in exceptional cases , give the holder negligible rights of control it becomes clear that ownership of corporate property could make no distinctive contribution to the realisation of whatever individual interests might be specified .
and once we take notice that in reality individual holdings in companies , other than in exceptional cases , give the holder negligible rights of control it becomes clear that ownership of corporate property could make no distinctive contribution to the realisation of whatever individual interests might be [named] .

The second will consider the effectiveness of the law as a control technique in holding directors to the ends so specified .
the second will consider the effectiveness of the law as a control technique in holding directors to the ends so [named] .

She 'd hardly arrived at her specified destination when a small Arab urchin slid up to her side .
she 'd hardly arrived at her [named] destination when a small arab urchin slid up to her side .

They will also have to start from the specified starting address on the device , and must all lie within the allocated range .
they will also have to start from the [named] starting address on the device , and must all lie within the allocated range .

There is an average number of accesses during a specified period of about sixty-five .
there is an average number of accesses during a [named] period of about sixty-five .

When records are to be selected on the basis of the state of one or more attributes , a serial search concentrates on the records , examining each in turn to see if it meets the specified conditions of the search .
when records are to be selected on the basis of the state of one or more attributes , a serial search concentrates on the records , examining each in turn to see if it meets the [named] conditions of the search .

In fact , what is known from these specified conditions is the attributes required .
in fact , what is known from these [named] conditions is the attributes required .

However , this means that every attribute has to be specified .
however , this means that every attribute has to be [named] .

If a government , using its majority in Parliament , passes appropriate laws empowering it to do specified acts , are its activities thereby rendered legitimate because they are done in accordance with the law , regardless of how oppressive or repugnant those laws might be ? See chapter 4 and also the extract which follows .
if a government , using its majority in parliament , passes appropriate laws empowering it to do [named] acts , are its activities thereby rendered legitimate because they are done in accordance with the law , regardless of how oppressive or repugnant those laws might be ? see chapter 4 and also the extract which follows .

Nevertheless , sponsors of commissioned works are committed to accepting the finished product , even if the composer fails to produce exactly what was envisaged or specified .
nevertheless , sponsors of commissioned works are committed to accepting the finished product , even if the composer fails to produce exactly what was envisaged or [named] .

It may be prudent to have them specified , particularly with regard to theft and accidental damage , and certainly if they are to be covered for use in other places .
it may be prudent to have them [named] , particularly with regard to theft and accidental damage , and certainly if they are to be covered for use in other places .

Tax allowances were granted , but taxpayers were unable to offset these allowances against their taxable income once their income rose above a specified level .
tax allowances were granted , but taxpayers were unable to offset these allowances against their taxable income once their income rose above a [named] level .

In the analysis of linguistic variation , therefore , we were looking for fine details of variation-variation that shows internal patterning within the speech community , but which may have no social meaning for outsiders — and in the first application for funding it was specified that the research was intended to extend the quantitative methodology to a type of community that had not been studied in this way before .
in the analysis of linguistic variation , therefore , we were looking for fine details of variation-variation that shows internal patterning within the speech community , but which may have no social meaning for outsiders — and in the first application for funding it was [named] that the research was intended to extend the quantitative methodology to a type of community that had not been studied in this way before .

The Anglo-Norman argument goes back to Skeat ( 1897 ) , who specified particular features of spelling as Anglo-Norman .
the anglo-norman argument goes back to skeat ( 1897 ) , who [named] particular features of spelling as anglo-norman .

Similarly anchoring is not confined to the life of certain specified societies .
similarly anchoring is not confined to the life of certain [named] societies .

This amount will be the sum specified in the capital clause .
this amount will be the sum [named] in the capital clause .

on the occurrence of a specified event which the articles of association determine will bring the company to an end ;
on the occurrence of a [named] event which the articles of association determine will bring the company to an end ;

The fees payable by a franchisee to the franchisor include an initial fee which gives the franchisee the right to use the brand name within the specified territory , product training and advice on starting up the business .
the fees payable by a franchisee to the franchisor include an initial fee which gives the franchisee the right to use the brand name within the [named] territory , product training and advice on starting up the business .

one can have a use that does not come within any of the specified classes but the activity either comes within the use specified or it does not and there is no scope for the management of the problem in terms of facts and degree .
one can have a use that does not come within any of the [named] classes but the activity either comes within the use [named] or it does not and there is no scope for the management of the problem in terms of facts and degree .

These include forms or production and commerce and the demands of profit , the interests of and constraints on manufacture , design , marketing and advertising , whose role it is to create the images of industrial goods in relation to specified target populations , and the interests of and constraints on the consumer population , who use and in their turn manipulate the meaning of these forms through differential selection , placement , use and association .
these include forms or production and commerce and the demands of profit , the interests of and constraints on manufacture , design , marketing and advertising , whose role it is to create the images of industrial goods in relation to [named] target populations , and the interests of and constraints on the consumer population , who use and in their turn manipulate the meaning of these forms through differential selection , placement , use and association .

7131 the discount rates to be used by nationalized industries have not been specified centrally .
7131 the discount rates to be used by nationalized industries have not been [named] centrally .

Funds made available under the Acts relate to a specified financial year .
funds made available under the acts relate to a [named] financial year .

Activities in Quadrant 1 are those in which the form of output is not clear and the means by which the work will be carried out can not be precisely specified .
activities in quadrant 1 are those in which the form of output is not clear and the means by which the work will be carried out can not be precisely [named] .

Quadrant 4 covers the type of innovative activities where the goals and outputs can be fairly well specified and the means to achieve them are relatively clear .
quadrant 4 covers the type of innovative activities where the goals and outputs can be fairly well [named] and the means to achieve them are relatively clear .

What knowledge is needed can not be specified in advance ; people must develop it for themselves , must assess it , and must communicate it .
what knowledge is needed can not be [named] in advance ; people must develop it for themselves , must assess it , and must communicate it .

No action is specified as the normal consequence of discovering this class of ‘ pollution ’ .
no action is [named] as the normal consequence of discovering this class of ‘ pollution ’ .

Endword Search : This allows searches for words ending in specified consecutive letters .
endword search : this allows searches for words ending in [named] consecutive letters .

Beckford was as impatient as Vathek to complete his building , but did not have a magical assistant ; the tower twice collapsed , for the last time in 1825 , and Beckford 's contractor confessed upon his death-bed that he had not provided it with foundations , although they had been specified and paid for .
beckford was as impatient as vathek to complete his building , but did not have a magical assistant ; the tower twice collapsed , for the last time in 1825 , and beckford 's contractor confessed upon his death-bed that he had not provided it with foundations , although they had been [named] and paid for .

The Code of Building , introduced by the Public Health Act of 1875 , set higher general standards of construction , for it specified a minimum width of street , adequate drainage , and sufficient light and ventilation to the rear .
the code of building , introduced by the public health act of 1875 , set higher general standards of construction , for it [named] a minimum width of street , adequate drainage , and sufficient light and ventilation to the rear .

This need for criteria was recognised at the Cambridge seminar in 1977 and three papers specified criteria that schemes would need to satisfy .
this need for criteria was recognised at the cambridge seminar in 1977 and three papers [named] criteria that schemes would need to satisfy .

The requirement to publish examination results is , in Britain , laid down by law and the following information has to be specified :
the requirement to publish examination results is , in britain , laid down by law and the following information has to be [named] :

Where a biggish landowner received an allotment of two , three or four hundred acres , he would put a ringfence around the whole within the specified twelve months , but he might not divide up his allotment into smaller fields until some years later .
where a biggish landowner received an allotment of two , three or four hundred acres , he would put a ringfence around the whole within the [named] twelve months , but he might not divide up his allotment into smaller fields until some years later .

The identity of Jews , blacks and others is made to depend on its inscription within an unfolding logic of racial oppression , which in turn is specified in terms of its formative effects upon their experience .
the identity of jews , blacks and others is made to depend on its inscription within an unfolding logic of racial oppression , which in turn is [named] in terms of its formative effects upon their experience .

In fact , neither the letter from the Clerk of the Commons nor the Attorney-General have identified or specified the nature of any privilege extending beyond that protected by the Bill of Rights .
in fact , neither the letter from the clerk of the commons nor the attorney-general have identified or [named] the nature of any privilege extending beyond that protected by the bill of rights .

Where the requirement for additional labour can be specified precisely , and the organisation knows precisely how long it requires the staff concerned , fixed-term contracts are most appropriate .
where the requirement for additional labour can be [named] precisely , and the organisation knows precisely how long it requires the staff concerned , fixed-term contracts are most appropriate .

Subject to the terms of his appointment no member of the teaching research or administrative staff of the university ( including the vice-chancellor ) shall be removed from office save upon the grounds specified in paragraph 2 of this section and in pursuance of the procedure specified in clause 1 of this section .
subject to the terms of his appointment no member of the teaching research or administrative staff of the university ( including the vice-chancellor ) shall be removed from office save upon the grounds [named] in paragraph 2 of this section and in pursuance of the procedure [named] in clause 1 of this section .

‘ Good cause ’ in this statute means : … [ Four categories are then specified including certain convictions , incapacity rendering unfit to perform the duties of the office and conduct of an immoral , scandalous or disgraceful nature rendering unfit to perform the duties of the office . ]
‘ good cause ’ in this statute means : … [ four categories are then [named] including certain convictions , incapacity rendering unfit to perform the duties of the office and conduct of an immoral , scandalous or disgraceful nature rendering unfit to perform the duties of the office . ]

Subject to the terms of his appointment no member of the teaching research or administrative staff of the university ( including the vice-chancellor ) shall be removed from office save upon the grounds specified in paragraph 2 of this section and in pursuance of the procedures specified in clause 1 of this section .
subject to the terms of his appointment no member of the teaching research or administrative staff of the university ( including the vice-chancellor ) shall be removed from office save upon the grounds [named] in paragraph 2 of this section and in pursuance of the procedures [named] in clause 1 of this section .

Whilst these are perhaps the most complex analyses that need to be performed , they are not at present really interactive design programs ; they are simply used for the analysis of a specified configuration .
whilst these are perhaps the most complex analyses that need to be performed , they are not at present really interactive design programs ; they are simply used for the analysis of a [named] configuration .

The program output can be in the form of specified data or given as nomograms which can be interpreted by the designer .
the program output can be in the form of [named] data or given as nomograms which can be interpreted by the designer .

Whilst the desired output and constraints can be specified in both the secondary and tertiary activities , it is extremely difficult at times to specify the form of the output required in the primary stage and even more difficult to attempt to quantify it .
whilst the desired output and constraints can be [named] in both the secondary and tertiary activities , it is extremely difficult at times to specify the form of the output required in the primary stage and even more difficult to attempt to quantify it .

Design is not simply the production of shapes , it is the development of those shapes to satisfy a specified purpose .
design is not simply the production of shapes , it is the development of those shapes to satisfy a [named] purpose .

Whilst it is obvious that the manufacturing activities are greatly dependent on the specified geometry , it is unclear as to how the function and shape of a component interact .
whilst it is obvious that the manufacturing activities are greatly dependent on the [named] geometry , it is unclear as to how the function and shape of a component interact .

In mechanical engineering these are seen to be centred around the generation of geometric shapes which in association perform a specified function .
in mechanical engineering these are seen to be centred around the generation of geometric shapes which in association perform a [named] function .

Whilst both the block and the hole are seen to be elements of the `` component `` , they must maintain a specified relationship in order that the functionality of the component is maintained , ie the domain of the hole lies within the domain of block according to the previously declared rules .
whilst both the block and the hole are seen to be elements of the `` component `` , they must maintain a [named] relationship in order that the functionality of the component is maintained , ie the domain of the hole lies within the domain of block according to the previously declared rules .

If the object and block are declared as being made from differing specified materials then the relations change to : giving the relationships shown in Figure 2.5 .
if the object and block are declared as being made from differing [named] materials then the relations change to : giving the relationships shown in figure 2.5 .

Sets of spaces found not to conform to their specified relationships can be redefined or repositioned in order to reestablish those relationships .
sets of spaces found not to conform to their [named] relationships can be redefined or repositioned in order to reestablish those relationships .

No details of attribute have been specified , so it could be considered as an external influence on the assembly , termed `` car sub-space `` , and thus be reflected further up the system .
no details of attribute have been [named] , so it could be considered as an external influence on the assembly , termed `` car sub-space `` , and thus be reflected further up the system .

Once both the cover and the lever have been identified as separate geometric domains , their functional association can be specified ( ie spatial assembly with rotational and positional constraints ) .
once both the cover and the lever have been identified as separate geometric domains , their functional association can be [named] ( ie spatial assembly with rotational and positional constraints ) .

The principles can be demonstrated by applying them to the design of a stepped shaft where a maximum stress concentration factor has been specified .
the principles can be demonstrated by applying them to the design of a stepped shaft where a maximum stress concentration factor has been [named] .

The assembly fields can be extended into a set of logical fields by including knowledge of how the sub and elemental fields must interact to provide the specified function .
the assembly fields can be extended into a set of logical fields by including knowledge of how the sub and elemental fields must interact to provide the [named] function .

This function is then specified and identifiable in the intersection of the fields both at assembly level ( see Figure 3.3 ) and as relations between individual component parts ( see Figure 3.4 ) .
this function is then [named] and identifiable in the intersection of the fields both at assembly level ( see figure 3.3 ) and as relations between individual component parts ( see figure 3.4 ) .

In the assembly example shown in Figure 3.4 , sub-assembly 2 must provide a series of internal functions by the interrelationship of its assembly of piece parts whist itself improving a globally specified assembly function with sub-assembly 1 .
in the assembly example shown in figure 3.4 , sub-assembly 2 must provide a series of internal functions by the interrelationship of its assembly of piece parts whist itself improving a globally [named] assembly function with sub-assembly 1 .

The elemental functions of intersection are thus reflected up as internal functions of space at the next level , with the result that the required characteristics of the system are specified in more and more detail as the assembly is decomposed into its constituent elements ( see Figure 3.5 ) .
the elemental functions of intersection are thus reflected up as internal functions of space at the next level , with the result that the required characteristics of the system are [named] in more and more detail as the assembly is decomposed into its constituent elements ( see figure 3.5 ) .

In either case , relationships may or may not be specified across the boundaries or entities defined in the intersecting zones .
in either case , relationships may or may not be [named] across the boundaries or entities defined in the intersecting zones .

The designer is left to handle only those lines and curves that can influence the design within the specified domain .
the designer is left to handle only those lines and curves that can influence the design within the [named] domain .

Here lamina representations are constructed upon specified orthogonal surfaces on , or within , the geometric domain of the object .
here lamina representations are constructed upon [named] orthogonal surfaces on , or within , the geometric domain of the object .

Thus , for a specified sub-domain it is only necessary to consider and assemble those primitives that intersect with that space .
thus , for a [named] sub-domain it is only necessary to consider and assemble those primitives that intersect with that space .

The same basic processes can be applied throughout , with the final level of operation chosen automatically by the bounding requirements of the specified investigation .
the same basic processes can be applied throughout , with the final level of operation chosen automatically by the bounding requirements of the [named] investigation .

In the system described here , spaces are declared by naming and their purpose specified before any geometry is entered .
in the system described here , spaces are declared by naming and their purpose [named] before any geometry is entered .

The check is terminated whenever the bounding approach either proves that the specified condition can not occur , or establishes that the condition can Occur at the level of original definition .
the check is terminated whenever the bounding approach either proves that the [named] condition can not occur , or establishes that the condition can occur at the level of original definition .

The software configuration should thus be capable not only of handling geometry and running analysis programs on the data , but also of selecting the appropriate models for these activities according to the design requests and the functionality specified for those elements .
the software configuration should thus be capable not only of handling geometry and running analysis programs on the data , but also of selecting the appropriate models for these activities according to the design requests and the functionality [named] for those elements .

The system defaults to nominal by using a program that combines these boxes using either specified value .
the system defaults to nominal by using a program that combines these boxes using either [named] value .

It is also through this file that programs can be evoked to provide manual and automatic checks on the specified functional associations ( see pages 67–70 ) .
it is also through this file that programs can be evoked to provide manual and automatic checks on the [named] functional associations ( see pages 67–70 ) .

The relationships , as specified , are the occurrence of certain geometric arrangements within the intersection of the relating spatial domains .
the relationships , as [named] , are the occurrence of certain geometric arrangements within the intersection of the relating spatial domains .

However , relatively little work has been put into the development of design techniques for mechanisms , and what there has been has mostly taken the form of analysing specified mechanism trains to obtain their motion throughout the operating cycle .
however , relatively little work has been put into the development of design techniques for mechanisms , and what there has been has mostly taken the form of analysing [named] mechanism trains to obtain their motion throughout the operating cycle .

Whilst the specified motion of a point can be obtained on the drawing board , the successful working of the mechanism train as a whole will also depend on the geometric shapes of individual linkages and surrounding components ; components can not be allowed to clash or be made to disassemble and re-assemble to pass through points of impossible geometry .
whilst the [named] motion of a point can be obtained on the drawing board , the successful working of the mechanism train as a whole will also depend on the geometric shapes of individual linkages and surrounding components ; components can not be allowed to clash or be made to disassemble and re-assemble to pass through points of impossible geometry .

There is no `` black box `` which can be used to provide any desired output motion from a specified input .
there is no `` black box `` which can be used to provide any desired output motion from a [named] input .

The second was to allow any component to be inserted into any other space , including that of other components , and the attachments specified ( see Figure 7.3 ) .
the second was to allow any component to be inserted into any other space , including that of other components , and the attachments [named] ( see figure 7.3 ) .

Movements and rotations specified by the operators , which work by re-positioning the part on the viewing screen , will cause the associated data file to be updated and hence the relevant graphical function to be re-drawn ( see Figure 7.5 ) .
movements and rotations [named] by the operators , which work by re-positioning the part on the viewing screen , will cause the associated data file to be updated and hence the relevant graphical function to be re-drawn ( see figure 7.5 ) .

This associative procedure is achieved by first stating the model to be attached and then indicating which of its nodes have to be positioned upon another specified node ( on another model ) .
this associative procedure is achieved by first stating the model to be attached and then indicating which of its nodes have to be positioned upon another [named] node ( on another model ) .

The procedures thus impose a set of translations on this model to re-establish the specified state of association .
the procedures thus impose a set of translations on this model to re-establish the [named] state of association .

This process is repeated until the end error is reduced below a specified value .
this process is repeated until the end error is reduced below a [named] value .

The designer is provided , therefore , with an early indication of the mechanism 's failure to meet with the specified operating conditions .
the designer is provided , therefore , with an early indication of the mechanism 's failure to meet with the [named] operating conditions .

Two more , for aligning these arms were also specified as existing at the end of the coupler rod .
two more , for aligning these arms were also [named] as existing at the end of the coupler rod .

They had inhibitions about concentrating on what might be called the Dickensian essentials ; a great deal of specified food and drink , presents wanted and unwanted , the gathering of friends and relations .
they had inhibitions about concentrating on what might be called the dickensian essentials ; a great deal of [named] food and drink , presents wanted and unwanted , the gathering of friends and relations .

‘ The court may grant the application if — ( a ) the debtor appears to have a counterclaim , set-off or cross demand which equals or exceeds the amount of the debt or debts specified in the statutory demand ; or ( b ) the debt is disputed on grounds which appear to the court to be substantial ; or … ( d ) the court is satisfied , on other grounds , that the demand ought to be set aside .
‘ the court may grant the application if — ( a ) the debtor appears to have a counterclaim , set-off or cross demand which equals or exceeds the amount of the debt or debts [named] in the statutory demand ; or ( b ) the debt is disputed on grounds which appear to the court to be substantial ; or … ( d ) the court is satisfied , on other grounds , that the demand ought to be set aside .

Note that we have not so far specified the wire thickness of either ring .
note that we have not so far [named] the wire thickness of either ring .

My respectful view , for reasons which your Lordships will have noted , is that both the contention of the defence and the court 's refutation of it were misconceived : the absence of consent on the part of the owner is already inherent in the word ‘ appropriates , ’ properly understood , and therefore the argument for the defence got off on the wrong foot and the counter-argument that the words specified by the defence can not be read into section 1 ( 1 ) did not assist the prosecution .
my respectful view , for reasons which your lordships will have noted , is that both the contention of the defence and the court 's refutation of it were misconceived : the absence of consent on the part of the owner is already inherent in the word ‘ appropriates , ’ properly understood , and therefore the argument for the defence got off on the wrong foot and the counter-argument that the words [named] by the defence can not be read into section 1 ( 1 ) did not assist the prosecution .

The balance sheet must follow one of the specified formats .
the balance sheet must follow one of the [named] formats .

The balance sheet must follow one of the specified formats .
the balance sheet must follow one of the [named] formats .

which of the conditions specified in s 258(2) or ( 4 ) ( definition of a subsidiary undertaking ) has been satisfied . This is not required if the relevant condition is that the parent undertaking holds a majority of the voting rights and holds the same proportion of shares as it holds voting rights
which of the conditions [named] in s 258(2) or ( 4 ) ( definition of a subsidiary undertaking ) has been satisfied . this is not required if the relevant condition is that the parent undertaking holds a majority of the voting rights and holds the same proportion of shares as it holds voting rights

The balance sheet must follow one of the specified formats .
the balance sheet must follow one of the [named] formats .

Subjects hear words in left and right ears and are required to make a manual response on detecting a specified target word in either ear .
subjects hear words in left and right ears and are required to make a manual response on detecting a [named] target word in either ear .

The criterion for inclusion in the `` left handed `` group was a greater preference of skill for the left hand in any one of four specified activities .
the criterion for inclusion in the `` left handed `` group was a greater preference of skill for the left hand in any one of four [named] activities .

The mix used was two x 2 gallon buckets of building sand , one bucket of Portland cement and 250 grams of fibres — this mix is specified in the pamphlet that comes with the product .
the mix used was two x 2 gallon buckets of building sand , one bucket of portland cement and 250 grams of fibres — this mix is [named] in the pamphlet that comes with the product .

There is a prior question : can a European Union committed to maintaining an agricultural policy whose size is historically specified also realistically hope to compete will all comers in advanced technology ?
there is a prior question : can a european union committed to maintaining an agricultural policy whose size is historically [named] also realistically hope to compete will all comers in advanced technology ?

Especially because of all the evidence that different species , and different processes within a single organism , use variants of similar molecular mechanisms to carry out specified tasks , those with the good fortune to have the time to think about the data accumulating in the literature would probably reap a rich harvest of understanding .
especially because of all the evidence that different species , and different processes within a single organism , use variants of similar molecular mechanisms to carry out [named] tasks , those with the good fortune to have the time to think about the data accumulating in the literature would probably reap a rich harvest of understanding .

’ Nothing turns on the statutory definition of those words : it is sufficient to note that from 1988 onwards , governors have been bound to admit a minimum specified number of applicants .
’ nothing turns on the statutory definition of those words : it is sufficient to note that from 1988 onwards , governors have been bound to admit a minimum [named] number of applicants .

The first statement refers to a particular appearance of Mars at a particular place in the sky at a specified time , the second to a particular observation of a particular stick , and so on .
the first statement refers to a particular appearance of mars at a particular place in the sky at a [named] time , the second to a particular observation of a particular stick , and so on .

These will include assertions to the effect that the sun is situated at some specified position in the sky with respect to an observer on earth , and that raindrops are falling from a cloud situated in some specified region relative to the observer .
these will include assertions to the effect that the sun is situated at some [named] position in the sky with respect to an observer on earth , and that raindrops are falling from a cloud situated in some [named] region relative to the observer .

The further problems are associated with difficulties that are encountered when trying to be precise about just how probable a law or theory is in the light of specified evidence .
the further problems are associated with difficulties that are encountered when trying to be precise about just how probable a law or theory is in the light of [named] evidence .

The factors will include such things as simplicity , the connection with some pressing social need , the ability to solve some specified kind of problem , and so on .
the factors will include such things as simplicity , the connection with some pressing social need , the ability to solve some [named] kind of problem , and so on .

The means by which these values are specified ‘ must , in the final analysis , be psychological or sociological .
the means by which these values are [named] ‘ must , in the final analysis , be psychological or sociological .

One approach to this problem has been to establish management agreements in which landowners voluntarily agree to manage their lands in specified ways receiving in return some financial compensation ( Blacksell and Gilg 1981 ) .
one approach to this problem has been to establish management agreements in which landowners voluntarily agree to manage their lands in [named] ways receiving in return some financial compensation ( blacksell and gilg 1981 ) .

Even from the point of view of ‘ saver ’ , let alone ‘ worker ’ , conservative/speculative management of funds can be shown to be damaging : savers ' interests lie in ensuring that when they retire , or reach a specified age , the pensions , endowments or annuities they receive will support a reasonable standard of living .
even from the point of view of ‘ saver ’ , let alone ‘ worker ’ , conservative/speculative management of funds can be shown to be damaging : savers ' interests lie in ensuring that when they retire , or reach a [named] age , the pensions , endowments or annuities they receive will support a reasonable standard of living .

It is particularly relevant to the present work , concerned with the role of precious substances as symbols of excellence , that is as objects of emulation , that Veblen should have specified ‘ precious stones and the metals and some other materials used for adornment and decoration ’ in so many words as being of outstanding ‘ utility as items of conspicuous waste ’ .
it is particularly relevant to the present work , concerned with the role of precious substances as symbols of excellence , that is as objects of emulation , that veblen should have [named] ‘ precious stones and the metals and some other materials used for adornment and decoration ’ in so many words as being of outstanding ‘ utility as items of conspicuous waste ’ .

The term ivory will be restricted , unless otherwise specified , to the material of elephant tusks .
the term ivory will be restricted , unless otherwise [named] , to the material of elephant tusks .

In non-criminal proceedings applications to keep a child in secure accommodation are ‘ specified proceedings ’ within the meaning of section 41 .
in non-criminal proceedings applications to keep a child in secure accommodation are ‘ [named] proceedings ’ within the meaning of section 41 .

( 2 ) The Director may by notice in writing require the person whose affairs are to be investigated ( ‘ the person under investigation ’ ) or any other person whom he has reason to believe has relevant information to answer questions or otherwise furnish information with respect to any matter relevant to the investigation at a specified place and either at a specified time or forthwith .
( 2 ) the director may by notice in writing require the person whose affairs are to be investigated ( ‘ the person under investigation ’ ) or any other person whom he has reason to believe has relevant information to answer questions or otherwise furnish information with respect to any matter relevant to the investigation at a [named] place and either at a [named] time or forthwith .

( 3 ) The Director may by notice in writing require the person under investigation or any other person to produce at such place as may be specified in the notice and either forthwith or at such time as may be so specified any specified documents which appear to the Director to relate to any matter relevant to the investigation or any documents of a specified description which appear to him so to relate ; and — ( a ) if any such documents are produced , the Director may — ( i ) take copies or extracts from them ; ( ii ) require the person producing them to provide an explanation of any of them ; ( b ) if any such documents are not produced , the Director may require the person who was required to produce them to state , to the best of his knowledge and belief , where they are .
( 3 ) the director may by notice in writing require the person under investigation or any other person to produce at such place as may be [named] in the notice and either forthwith or at such time as may be so [named] any [named] documents which appear to the director to relate to any matter relevant to the investigation or any documents of a [named] description which appear to him so to relate ; and — ( a ) if any such documents are produced , the director may — ( i ) take copies or extracts from them ; ( ii ) require the person producing them to provide an explanation of any of them ; ( b ) if any such documents are not produced , the director may require the person who was required to produce them to state , to the best of his knowledge and belief , where they are .

The text had been unequivocal ; it specified the involvement of a member of the Imperial Court .
the text had been unequivocal ; it [named] the involvement of a member of the imperial court .

The theoretical and empirical analysis of stock markets is based on the use of a rate of return to measure the benefits from holding an asset during a specified period .
the theoretical and empirical analysis of stock markets is based on the use of a rate of return to measure the benefits from holding an asset during a [named] period .

Volume is usually measured as the total number of contracts traded during the specified time period .
volume is usually measured as the total number of contracts traded during the [named] time period .

in the case of an action arising from making a deposit otherwise than in accordance with conditions specified in a disposal licence , that the defendant took all such steps as were reasonably open to him to ensure that the conditions were complied with ;
in the case of an action arising from making a deposit otherwise than in accordance with conditions [named] in a disposal licence , that the defendant took all such steps as were reasonably open to him to ensure that the conditions were complied with ;

Section 4 of the Torts ( Interference with Goods ) Act 1977 adds a new and more important form of interlocutory relief , available in the county court and High Court , whereby goods the subject of present or future proceedings for wrongful interference may be ordered to be delivered up to the claimant , or a person appointed by the court , on such terms and conditions as may be specified .
section 4 of the torts ( interference with goods ) act 1977 adds a new and more important form of interlocutory relief , available in the county court and high court , whereby goods the subject of present or future proceedings for wrongful interference may be ordered to be delivered up to the claimant , or a person appointed by the court , on such terms and conditions as may be [named] .

’ Nothing in section 13 is to prevent an act from being actionable in tort on a ground specified in section 13 ( 1 ) where ( a ) the contract interfered with in respect of which the action is brought is not a contract of employment and ( b ) there has been secondary action which does not satisfy the requirements of section 17 .
’ nothing in section 13 is to prevent an act from being actionable in tort on a ground [named] in section 13 ( 1 ) where ( a ) the contract interfered with in respect of which the action is brought is not a contract of employment and ( b ) there has been secondary action which does not satisfy the requirements of section 17 .

Secondary action is action interfering with a contract of employment in one of the ways specified in section 13 ( 1 ) where the employer under that contract is not a party to the trade dispute .
secondary action is action interfering with a contract of employment in one of the ways [named] in section 13 ( 1 ) where the employer under that contract is not a party to the trade dispute .

Policy goals are often specified , as has been pointed out , in general or unclear terms .
policy goals are often [named] , as has been pointed out , in general or unclear terms .

Supervision is by a social worker , who can make certain requirements such as that the supervised person resides in a specified place or participates in specified activities .
supervision is by a social worker , who can make certain requirements such as that the supervised person resides in a [named] place or participates in [named] activities .

Comfort was due to arrive soon , but had not yet specified the day .
comfort was due to arrive soon , but had not yet [named] the day .

Stage 7 : Reviewing — Reassessing needs and the service outcomes with a view to revising the care plan at specified intervals .
stage 7 : reviewing — reassessing needs and the service outcomes with a view to revising the care plan at [named] intervals .

The social services team contracted to take and act on referrals within specified times ( the office would be manned between 9 am and 5 pm and referrals would be taken by a duty officer ; urgent referrals would be dealt with within two hours , non-urgent cases would be contacted within five working days ) .
the social services team contracted to take and act on referrals within [named] times ( the office would be manned between 9 am and 5 pm and referrals would be taken by a duty officer ; urgent referrals would be dealt with within two hours , non-urgent cases would be contacted within five working days ) .

In this light , the attempts by CMHTs to develop realistic operational objectives may be seen as a process by which the respective priorities and range of expectations of the agencies providing community support services are more clearly specified .
in this light , the attempts by cmhts to develop realistic operational objectives may be seen as a process by which the respective priorities and range of expectations of the agencies providing community support services are more clearly [named] .

Secondly , since the nature of the harm is usually unknown , larger numbers are needed than if it could be specified in advance to avoid spurious statistically significant adverse effects .
secondly , since the nature of the harm is usually unknown , larger numbers are needed than if it could be [named] in advance to avoid spurious statistically significant adverse effects .

We agree that in broad terms the mean number of heterosexual partners reported by men must be equal to the mean number reported by women over a specified time interval in a closed population .
we agree that in broad terms the mean number of heterosexual partners reported by men must be equal to the mean number reported by women over a [named] time interval in a closed population .

The suggestion that generation of referral data should be specified in contracts is welcome , but should be extended to feedback ( through the medical audit network rather than through management ) of the results of radiography referral in terms of proportions of abnormal findings .
the suggestion that generation of referral data should be [named] in contracts is welcome , but should be extended to feedback ( through the medical audit network rather than through management ) of the results of radiography referral in terms of proportions of abnormal findings .

The main thesis , as we saw , was that existential propositions involving a qualified quantification into a specified domain can be replaced by propositions about the validity of certain inferences .
the main thesis , as we saw , was that existential propositions involving a qualified quantification into a [named] domain can be replaced by propositions about the validity of certain inferences .

This record should be regularly reviewed by the educational supervisor , whose responsibility would be to ensure that senior house officers had every opportunity to meet their specified objectives and that any gaps in relevant experience were readily identified and rectified .
this record should be regularly reviewed by the educational supervisor , whose responsibility would be to ensure that senior house officers had every opportunity to meet their [named] objectives and that any gaps in relevant experience were readily identified and rectified .

The declared characteristics of tribunals specified in the Franks Report were ‘ cheapness , accessibility and freedom from technicality , expedition and expert knowledge of the particular subject ’ and stated that the objectives of tribunal procedure are ‘ openness , fairness and impartiality ’ .
the declared characteristics of tribunals [named] in the franks report were ‘ cheapness , accessibility and freedom from technicality , expedition and expert knowledge of the particular subject ’ and stated that the objectives of tribunal procedure are ‘ openness , fairness and impartiality ’ .

Section 13 of the Tribunals and Inquiries Act 1971 provides two forms of appeal to the High Court from specified tribunals .
section 13 of the tribunals and inquiries act 1971 provides two forms of appeal to the high court from [named] tribunals .

Section 13 provides that a person dissatisfied with a decision of a specified tribunal on a point of law may either appeal against that decision to the High Court , or require the tribunal to state a case for the opinion of the High Court .
section 13 provides that a person dissatisfied with a decision of a [named] tribunal on a point of law may either appeal against that decision to the high court , or require the tribunal to state a case for the opinion of the high court .

To eliminate these defects we must remove the reference to inference and tighten up the relation specified between the false beliefs and the true justified ones which are not to count as knowledge .
to eliminate these defects we must remove the reference to inference and tighten up the relation [named] between the false beliefs and the true justified ones which are not to count as knowledge .

Going down to the next layer , each of these moves consists of specified acts , as in Figure 6 .
going down to the next layer , each of these moves consists of [named] acts , as in figure 6 .

This kind of mutual formulation of the right amount of information for communication to take place is very common in conversation , particularly where times or places or objects need to be specified . Here is another example :
this kind of mutual formulation of the right amount of information for communication to take place is very common in conversation , particularly where times or places or objects need to be [named] . here is another example :

In such discourses , what can be specified about the sender is often justifiably taken for granted , because the student has experience of these discourse types in his or her own language : in the modern world we are unlikely to come across a student who does not have some idea of the nature of news or fiction , and the sort of relationship entered into with the senders .
in such discourses , what can be [named] about the sender is often justifiably taken for granted , because the student has experience of these discourse types in his or her own language : in the modern world we are unlikely to come across a student who does not have some idea of the nature of news or fiction , and the sort of relationship entered into with the senders .

We may take a piece of existing discourse , and add more information into it ; then instruct students to remove surplus information in order to pitch the discourse for a specified receiver . Taking , for example , the biographical sketch of Ernest Hemingway which we analysed in 5.4 , we might expand it as follows :
we may take a piece of existing discourse , and add more information into it ; then instruct students to remove surplus information in order to pitch the discourse for a [named] receiver . taking , for example , the biographical sketch of ernest hemingway which we analysed in 5.4 , we might expand it as follows :

It is possible to destroy the coherence of a discourse by altering its information structure ( as we did in Task 32 ) , and then ask students to restore its coherence for a specified receiver , but this may cause problems .
it is possible to destroy the coherence of a discourse by altering its information structure ( as we did in task 32 ) , and then ask students to restore its coherence for a [named] receiver , but this may cause problems .

Firth , then , was concerned to embed the utterance in the ‘ social context ’ and to generalise across meanings in specified social contexts . He proposed an approach to the principled description of such contexts which bears a close resemblance to more recent descriptions which we shall go on to examine :
firth , then , was concerned to embed the utterance in the ‘ social context ’ and to generalise across meanings in [named] social contexts . he proposed an approach to the principled description of such contexts which bears a close resemblance to more recent descriptions which we shall go on to examine :

Given the knowledge of context the analyst has , he should find this a fairly unsurprising utterance . It is very rarely the case in real life that we can predict in detail the form and content of the language which we will encounter , but , given all of the ethnographic information we have specified , the actual occurring utterance is much more likely ( hence , we assume , much more readily processed by the addressee ) than any of the following ‘ utterances ’ which did not occur :
given the knowledge of context the analyst has , he should find this a fairly unsurprising utterance . it is very rarely the case in real life that we can predict in detail the form and content of the language which we will encounter , but , given all of the ethnographic information we have [named] , the actual occurring utterance is much more likely ( hence , we assume , much more readily processed by the addressee ) than any of the following ‘ utterances ’ which did not occur :

The possible world that is relevant is specified in the previous discourse : ‘ It is worth remembering how to dial 999 in darkness or smoke . ’
the possible world that is relevant is [named] in the previous discourse : ‘ it is worth remembering how to dial 999 in darkness or smoke . ’

Utterances a and b are different in that the action specified is to follow the utterance , immediately in the case of a , but after some expanse of time in b .
utterances a and b are different in that the action [named] is to follow the utterance , immediately in the case of a , but after some expanse of time in b .

where we specified the time of utterance as 4 June 1980 .
where we [named] the time of utterance as 4 june 1980 .

He had needed only one attempt , and he had manoeuvred the craft neatly into a position to one side of the bay , exactly as specified in Spacefleet procedure .
he had needed only one attempt , and he had manoeuvred the craft neatly into a position to one side of the bay , exactly as [named] in spacefleet procedure .

In most of the examples above , this language is not specified .
in most of the examples above , this language is not [named] .

Equally clearly , the jurisdiction in specified areas may be removed or its exercise may be restricted by Parliament .
equally clearly , the jurisdiction in [named] areas may be removed or its exercise may be restricted by parliament .

Now , it is true that Byrne was a case , unlike the present , where the section 7 ( 4 ) procedure came into play , not for any of the reasons specified in section 7 ( 3 ) , but because the driver was entitled under what is now section 8 ( 2 ) to claim that the breath specimens he had given be replaced ‘ by such specimen as may be required under section 7 ( 4 ) .
now , it is true that byrne was a case , unlike the present , where the section 7 ( 4 ) procedure came into play , not for any of the reasons [named] in section 7 ( 3 ) , but because the driver was entitled under what is now section 8 ( 2 ) to claim that the breath specimens he had given be replaced ‘ by such specimen as may be required under section 7 ( 4 ) .

But it does not follow that there may not be a difference in the procedures which are appropriate on the one hand in requiring the driver to provide a specimen of blood or urine under section 7 ( 4 ) where it is obligatory for him to do so because one of the circumstances specified in section 7 ( 3 ) has arisen , and on the other hand in informing the driver of his right under section 8 ( 2 ) to claim that the specimen of breath which he has given containing the lower proportion of alcohol should be replaced by a specimen of blood or urine under section 7 ( 4 ) .
but it does not follow that there may not be a difference in the procedures which are appropriate on the one hand in requiring the driver to provide a specimen of blood or urine under section 7 ( 4 ) where it is obligatory for him to do so because one of the circumstances [named] in section 7 ( 3 ) has arisen , and on the other hand in informing the driver of his right under section 8 ( 2 ) to claim that the specimen of breath which he has given containing the lower proportion of alcohol should be replaced by a specimen of blood or urine under section 7 ( 4 ) .

Mr. Newman also sought to invoke section 11 ( 3 ) of the Act of 1989 , which confers upon the High Court jurisdiction to order a person 's discharge if , having regard to certain matters specified in the subsection , it would be unjust or oppressive to return him to a foreign state .
mr. newman also sought to invoke section 11 ( 3 ) of the act of 1989 , which confers upon the high court jurisdiction to order a person 's discharge if , having regard to certain matters [named] in the subsection , it would be unjust or oppressive to return him to a foreign state .

This section , which will come into force on 1 October 1992 , introduces a new procedure whereby the prisoner may require the Secretary of State to refer his case to the Parole Board , in certain specified circumstances .
this section , which will come into force on 1 october 1992 , introduces a new procedure whereby the prisoner may require the secretary of state to refer his case to the parole board , in certain [named] circumstances .

Subsection ( 3 ) gives the court a discretion to refuse to allow restitution if certain specified conditions are satisfied . Subsections ( 4 ) and ( 5 ) provide :
subsection ( 3 ) gives the court a discretion to refuse to allow restitution if certain [named] conditions are satisfied . subsections ( 4 ) and ( 5 ) provide :

In my judgment , provided the specified precondition is met , the only limitations on the type of order that can be made under section 6 ( 2 ) that are justified by the statutory language are that the order must be intended to restore all the parties to the transaction to their respective former positions and that the steps directed by the order to be taken must be reasonably capable of doing so .
in my judgment , provided the [named] precondition is met , the only limitations on the type of order that can be made under section 6 ( 2 ) that are justified by the statutory language are that the order must be intended to restore all the parties to the transaction to their respective former positions and that the steps directed by the order to be taken must be reasonably capable of doing so .

In each of these appeals it has been rightly accepted by counsel for the contemnor that the hearing below of the committal application was impeccable , that the sentence imposed for the contempts of court found proved can not be criticised and the committal order properly specified each of the contempts for which the contemnor had been sentenced .
in each of these appeals it has been rightly accepted by counsel for the contemnor that the hearing below of the committal application was impeccable , that the sentence imposed for the contempts of court found proved can not be criticised and the committal order properly [named] each of the contempts for which the contemnor had been sentenced .

‘ The board may prohibit a member in the course of the member 's relevant investment business from — ( a ) entering into transactions of any specified kind either at all or to any specified extent or in specified circumstances ; ( b ) soliciting business or business of a specified kind from , or except from , persons of a specified kind or in , or except in , specified circumstances ; ( c ) carrying on business in , or except in , a specified manner .
‘ the board may prohibit a member in the course of the member 's relevant investment business from — ( a ) entering into transactions of any [named] kind either at all or to any [named] extent or in [named] circumstances ; ( b ) soliciting business or business of a [named] kind from , or except from , persons of a [named] kind or in , or except in , [named] circumstances ; ( c ) carrying on business in , or except in , a [named] manner .

‘ The board may prohibit a member in the course of the member 's relevant investment business from — ( a ) entering into transactions of any specified kind either at all or to any specified extent or in specified circumstances ; ( b ) soliciting business or business for a specified kind from , or accept from , persons of a specified kind or in , or except in , specified circumstances ; ( c ) carrying on business in , or except in , a specified manner .
‘ the board may prohibit a member in the course of the member 's relevant investment business from — ( a ) entering into transactions of any [named] kind either at all or to any [named] extent or in [named] circumstances ; ( b ) soliciting business or business for a [named] kind from , or accept from , persons of a [named] kind or in , or except in , [named] circumstances ; ( c ) carrying on business in , or except in , a [named] manner .

‘ Whether … ( c ) the plaintiffs are entitled … to raise an objection to the defendants ' accounts … of the nature … specified in objection number 1 … namely , that the items were unreasonable in amount …
‘ whether … ( c ) the plaintiffs are entitled … to raise an objection to the defendants ' accounts … of the nature … [named] in objection number 1 … namely , that the items were unreasonable in amount …

‘ The documents specified above relate specifically to photocopies numbering approximately 5,000 pages , which were transported on 22 March 1991 from [ a Middle East state ] to the London offices of [ a London firm of solicitors ] .
‘ the documents [named] above relate specifically to photocopies numbering approximately 5,000 pages , which were transported on 22 march 1991 from [ a middle east state ] to the london offices of [ a london firm of solicitors ] .

( 2 ) The Bank shall not grant an application unless satisfied that the criteria specified in Schedule 3 to this Act are fulfilled with respect to the applicant .
( 2 ) the bank shall not grant an application unless satisfied that the criteria [named] in schedule 3 to this act are fulfilled with respect to the applicant .

Section 11 permits the revocation of an authorisation if , inter alia , it appears that any of the criteria specified in Schedule 3 is not or has not been fulfilled by the institution concerned . Schedule 3 lays down a very wide range of considerations , for example :
section 11 permits the revocation of an authorisation if , inter alia , it appears that any of the criteria [named] in schedule 3 is not or has not been fulfilled by the institution concerned . schedule 3 lays down a very wide range of considerations , for example :

‘ The Bank may — ( a ) by notice in writing served on an authorised institution require it to produce , within such time and at such place as may be specified in the notice , such document or documents of such description as may be so specified ; ( b ) authorise an officer , servant or agent of the Bank , on producing evidence of his authority , to require any such institution to provide him forthwith with such information , or to produce to him forthwith such documents , as he may specify , being such information or documents as the Bank may reasonably require for the performance of its functions under this Act .
‘ the bank may — ( a ) by notice in writing served on an authorised institution require it to produce , within such time and at such place as may be [named] in the notice , such document or documents of such description as may be so [named] ; ( b ) authorise an officer , servant or agent of the bank , on producing evidence of his authority , to require any such institution to provide him forthwith with such information , or to produce to him forthwith such documents , as he may specify , being such information or documents as the bank may reasonably require for the performance of its functions under this act .

( 2 ) Any officer , servant or agent of the Bank may , on producing if required evidence of his authority , enter any premises occupied by any person on whom a notice could be served under section 39 above for the purpose of obtaining there such information or documents as are specified in the authority , being information or documents that could have been required by such a notice ; but the Bank shall not authorise any person to act under this subsection unless it has reasonable cause to believe that if such a notice were served it would not be complied with or that any documents to which it would relate would be removed , tampered with or destroyed .
( 2 ) any officer , servant or agent of the bank may , on producing if required evidence of his authority , enter any premises occupied by any person on whom a notice could be served under section 39 above for the purpose of obtaining there such information or documents as are [named] in the authority , being information or documents that could have been required by such a notice ; but the bank shall not authorise any person to act under this subsection unless it has reasonable cause to believe that if such a notice were served it would not be complied with or that any documents to which it would relate would be removed , tampered with or destroyed .

Section 84 provides that section 82 does not preclude the disclosure by the Bank of information to a numerous class of specified persons , including , most significantly , ‘ for the purpose of enabling or assisting an authority in a country or territory outside the United Kingdom to exercise — ( a ) functions corresponding to those of — ( i ) the Bank under this Act : ’ subsection ( 6 ) ( a ) .
section 84 provides that section 82 does not preclude the disclosure by the bank of information to a numerous class of [named] persons , including , most significantly , ‘ for the purpose of enabling or assisting an authority in a country or territory outside the united kingdom to exercise — ( a ) functions corresponding to those of — ( i ) the bank under this act : ’ subsection ( 6 ) ( a ) .

It was , Mr. Langley submitted , for the very reason that section 39 overrode confidence that the provisions of sections 82 to 84 were incorporated by Parliament , laying down careful guidelines for the preservation of confidence by the recipients of information under the Act , subject to specified exceptions .
it was , mr. langley submitted , for the very reason that section 39 overrode confidence that the provisions of sections 82 to 84 were incorporated by parliament , laying down careful guidelines for the preservation of confidence by the recipients of information under the act , subject to [named] exceptions .

In my judgment it is proper for documents to be specified by class in a section 39 notice , and none of the other objections put forward has any substance .
in my judgment it is proper for documents to be [named] by class in a section 39 notice , and none of the other objections put forward has any substance .

The ombudsman shall ( in accordance with and subject to the following clauses of this scheme ) investigate any complaint received by him from an individual if : — ( a ) the complaint relates to action taken in the United Kingdom by a building society or a body associated with it ; ( b ) at the time that the complaint is received by the ombudsman , the building society or ( as the case may be ) associated body is a participant in the scheme ; ( c ) the action was taken in relation to one of the activities specified in clause 17 ; ( d ) the grounds of the complaint are included in the grounds specified in clause 18 ; and ( e ) the complainant alleges that the action has caused him pecuniary loss , expense or inconvenience .
the ombudsman shall ( in accordance with and subject to the following clauses of this scheme ) investigate any complaint received by him from an individual if : — ( a ) the complaint relates to action taken in the united kingdom by a building society or a body associated with it ; ( b ) at the time that the complaint is received by the ombudsman , the building society or ( as the case may be ) associated body is a participant in the scheme ; ( c ) the action was taken in relation to one of the activities [named] in clause 17 ; ( d ) the grounds of the complaint are included in the grounds [named] in clause 18 ; and ( e ) the complainant alleges that the action has caused him pecuniary loss , expense or inconvenience .

The surveyor will advise the client as to his opinion of the state of repair and condition of and the value of the property specified by the client on the standard form of house buyers ' report and valuation published on behalf of the Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors .
the surveyor will advise the client as to his opinion of the state of repair and condition of and the value of the property [named] by the client on the standard form of house buyers ' report and valuation published on behalf of the royal institution of chartered surveyors .

The surveyor will advise the applicant and Woolwich Building Society ( ‘ the society ’ ) as to his opinion of the state of repair and condition of , and the value of , the property specified by the applicant on the standard form of home purchase report published by the society in conjunction with the Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors .
the surveyor will advise the applicant and woolwich building society ( ‘ the society ’ ) as to his opinion of the state of repair and condition of , and the value of , the property [named] by the applicant on the standard form of home purchase report published by the society in conjunction with the royal institution of chartered surveyors .

The surveyor , who will be a chartered surveyor or an incorporated valuer , will advise the applicant ( s ) and Leeds Permanent Building Society as to his opinion of the state of repair and condition of , and the value of , the property specified by the applicant ( s ) on the standard form of Leeds Permanent/R.I.C.S .
the surveyor , who will be a chartered surveyor or an incorporated valuer , will advise the applicant ( s ) and leeds permanent building society as to his opinion of the state of repair and condition of , and the value of , the property [named] by the applicant ( s ) on the standard form of leeds permanent/r.i.c.s .

The surveyor will advise the client and Woolwich Equitable Building Society ( ‘ the society ’ ) as to his opinion of the state of repair and condition of , and the value of , the property specified by the client on the report form published by the society .
the surveyor will advise the client and woolwich equitable building society ( ‘ the society ’ ) as to his opinion of the state of repair and condition of , and the value of , the property [named] by the client on the report form published by the society .

The first is that in making a prohibited steps order prohibiting the parents from having any contact with each other the justices erred in law as contact between adults is not a step which could be taken by a parent in meeting a parent 's responsibility for a child and thus falls outside the terms of section 8 ( 1 ) of the Children Act 1989 , by which a prohibited steps order means an order that no step which could be taken by a parent in meeting his parental responsibility for a child and which is of a kind specified in the order shall be taken by any person without the consent of the court .
the first is that in making a prohibited steps order prohibiting the parents from having any contact with each other the justices erred in law as contact between adults is not a step which could be taken by a parent in meeting a parent 's responsibility for a child and thus falls outside the terms of section 8 ( 1 ) of the children act 1989 , by which a prohibited steps order means an order that no step which could be taken by a parent in meeting his parental responsibility for a child and which is of a kind [named] in the order shall be taken by any person without the consent of the court .

By section 118 ( 1 ) , the interpretation section of the Act , it is provided that , where neither income tax nor capital gains tax nor corporation tax is specified , the word ‘ tax ’ means any of those taxes .
by section 118 ( 1 ) , the interpretation section of the act , it is provided that , where neither income tax nor capital gains tax nor corporation tax is [named] , the word ‘ tax ’ means any of those taxes .

Schedule 1 includes references to certain specified sums paid out or received by Abbey or Wessex , some of the moneys said to be ‘ in respect of charges which were not due and/or were inflated .
schedule 1 includes references to certain [named] sums paid out or received by abbey or wessex , some of the moneys said to be ‘ in respect of charges which were not due and/or were inflated .

The local authority were empowered to do the work themselves by section 10(1) of the Act of 1957 which provided that if the person in control of the house did not comply with a notice to execute work then after specified periods of time ‘ the local authority may themselves do the work required to be done by the notice … ’ The entitlement to recover their expenses for doing the work derived , at the relevant time , from section 10(3) of the Act which provided , so far as is relevant :
the local authority were empowered to do the work themselves by section 10(1) of the act of 1957 which provided that if the person in control of the house did not comply with a notice to execute work then after [named] periods of time ‘ the local authority may themselves do the work required to be done by the notice … ’ the entitlement to recover their expenses for doing the work derived , at the relevant time , from section 10(3) of the act which provided , so far as is relevant :

‘ 11(1) Any person aggrieved by — ( a ) a notice under the foregoing provisions of this Part of this Act requiring the execution of works , ( b ) a demand for the recovery of expenses incurred by a local authority in executing works specified in any such notice , ( c ) an order made by a local authority with respect to any such expenses , may , within 21 days of the service of the notice , demand or order , appeal to the county court within the jurisdiction of which the premises to which the notice , demand or order relates are situate , and no proceedings shall be taken by the local authority to enforce any notice , demand or order in relation to which an appeal is brought before the appeal has been finally determined . ’
‘ 11(1) any person aggrieved by — ( a ) a notice under the foregoing provisions of this part of this act requiring the execution of works , ( b ) a demand for the recovery of expenses incurred by a local authority in executing works [named] in any such notice , ( c ) an order made by a local authority with respect to any such expenses , may , within 21 days of the service of the notice , demand or order , appeal to the county court within the jurisdiction of which the premises to which the notice , demand or order relates are situate , and no proceedings shall be taken by the local authority to enforce any notice , demand or order in relation to which an appeal is brought before the appeal has been finally determined . ’

’ The local authority must therefore prove ( 1 ) that notice in accordance with section 10 ( 1 ) was served on the person having control of the house to execute works , ( 2 ) that he failed within the time specified to execute them , ( 3 ) that the local authority have themselves carried out the works specified in the notice and ( 4 ) that they have incurred expenses in so doing .
’ the local authority must therefore prove ( 1 ) that notice in accordance with section 10 ( 1 ) was served on the person having control of the house to execute works , ( 2 ) that he failed within the time [named] to execute them , ( 3 ) that the local authority have themselves carried out the works [named] in the notice and ( 4 ) that they have incurred expenses in so doing .

The conversations between the officers and the vendors essentially concerned bartering about price , and , to maintain their cover , the officers engaged in friendly banter with the vendors , asked questions such as the area of London it would be unwise to resell the goods , and required the signing of receipts recording the money paid for specified goods .
the conversations between the officers and the vendors essentially concerned bartering about price , and , to maintain their cover , the officers engaged in friendly banter with the vendors , asked questions such as the area of london it would be unwise to resell the goods , and required the signing of receipts recording the money paid for [named] goods .

In response , the stores appear first to have sought the protection of one of the specified exceptions to the prohibition in section 47 , viz .
in response , the stores appear first to have sought the protection of one of the [named] exceptions to the prohibition in section 47 , viz .

‘ ( 1 ) Where a member state prohibits retail premises from being open on Sunday for the sale of goods to customers , save in respect of certain specified items sales of which are permitted , and where the effect of the prohibition is to reduce in absolute terms the sales of goods in those premises including goods manufactured in other member states , and correspondingly to reduce the volume of imports of goods from other member states , is such a prohibition a measure having equivalent effect to a quantitative restriction on imports within the meaning of article 30 of the Treaty ?
‘ ( 1 ) where a member state prohibits retail premises from being open on sunday for the sale of goods to customers , save in respect of certain [named] items sales of which are permitted , and where the effect of the prohibition is to reduce in absolute terms the sales of goods in those premises including goods manufactured in other member states , and correspondingly to reduce the volume of imports of goods from other member states , is such a prohibition a measure having equivalent effect to a quantitative restriction on imports within the meaning of article 30 of the treaty ?

There are additional administrative functions , such as the submission of a statement of affairs and the making of reports on specified matters .
there are additional administrative functions , such as the submission of a statement of affairs and the making of reports on [named] matters .

The districts of such courts are attached for the purpose of bankruptcy jurisdiction to other courts specified in the Civil Courts Order 1983 as amended ( St 1983 No 713 ) .
the districts of such courts are attached for the purpose of bankruptcy jurisdiction to other courts [named] in the civil courts order 1983 as amended ( st 1983 no 713 ) .

Where proceedings are pending in the High Court , the court may order them to be transferred to a specified county court ( r 7.11 ( 1 ) ) .
where proceedings are pending in the high court , the court may order them to be transferred to a [named] county court ( r 7.11 ( 1 ) ) .

The petition must state : ( i ) the amount of the debt ( in sterling , converted from any foreign currency at the official exchange rate at the date of issue of the petition , by analogy with r 6.111 ) , the consideration for it ( or , if there is no consideration , the way in which it arises ) and the fact that it is owed to the petitioner ; ( ii ) when the debt was incurred or became due ; ( iii ) if the debt includes interest or any other charge accruing from time to time , the amount or rate of the charge ( separately identified ) and the grounds upon which it is claimed to form part of the debt provided that , in the case of a petition based upon a statutory demand , only the interest claimed in the demand is included ; ( iv ) that the debt is unsecured , and either that the debt is for a liquidated sum payable immediately and the debtor appears to be unable to pay it , or that the debt is for a liquidated sum payable at some certain future specified time and the debtor appears to have no reasonable prospect of being able to pay it .
the petition must state : ( i ) the amount of the debt ( in sterling , converted from any foreign currency at the official exchange rate at the date of issue of the petition , by analogy with r 6.111 ) , the consideration for it ( or , if there is no consideration , the way in which it arises ) and the fact that it is owed to the petitioner ; ( ii ) when the debt was incurred or became due ; ( iii ) if the debt includes interest or any other charge accruing from time to time , the amount or rate of the charge ( separately identified ) and the grounds upon which it is claimed to form part of the debt provided that , in the case of a petition based upon a statutory demand , only the interest claimed in the demand is included ; ( iv ) that the debt is unsecured , and either that the debt is for a liquidated sum payable immediately and the debtor appears to be unable to pay it , or that the debt is for a liquidated sum payable at some certain future [named] time and the debtor appears to have no reasonable prospect of being able to pay it .

Where inability to pay is based upon an unsatisfied execution , the court from which the execution or other process was issued must be specified together with particulars of the return , for example , the bailiff 's return to a warrant of execution or the sheriff 's return to a writ of fieri facias that there were no goods to levy upon .
where inability to pay is based upon an unsatisfied execution , the court from which the execution or other process was issued must be [named] together with particulars of the return , for example , the bailiff 's return to a warrant of execution or the sheriff 's return to a writ of fieri facias that there were no goods to levy upon .

Where the official receiver thinks it would be prejudicial to the conduct of the bankruptcy for the whole or part of the statement of affairs to be made public , he may apply to the court for an order limiting disclosure of it or any specified part of it ( r6.61 ) .
where the official receiver thinks it would be prejudicial to the conduct of the bankruptcy for the whole or part of the statement of affairs to be made public , he may apply to the court for an order limiting disclosure of it or any [named] part of it ( r6.61 ) .

Even if the proved debt did not include the right to interest , interest can be claimed , up to the date of the bankruptcy order in the following cases : ( i ) in respect of a debt due by virtue of a written instrument payable at a certain time , interest may be claimed from that time ( r 6.113 ( 2 ) ) at judgment rate ( r 6.113 ( 4 ) ) ; ( ii ) otherwise , after demand for repayment has been made stating that interest will thereafter be charged ( r 6.113 ( 3 ) ) then at the rate specified in the notice provided that it does not exceed judgment rate and is only from the date of the demand ( r 6.113 ( 4 ) ) .
even if the proved debt did not include the right to interest , interest can be claimed , up to the date of the bankruptcy order in the following cases : ( i ) in respect of a debt due by virtue of a written instrument payable at a certain time , interest may be claimed from that time ( r 6.113 ( 2 ) ) at judgment rate ( r 6.113 ( 4 ) ) ; ( ii ) otherwise , after demand for repayment has been made stating that interest will thereafter be charged ( r 6.113 ( 3 ) ) then at the rate [named] in the notice provided that it does not exceed judgment rate and is only from the date of the demand ( r 6.113 ( 4 ) ) .

Where they are not specified , use them anyway if you want the best performance from your detector .
where they are not [named] , use them anyway if you want the best performance from your detector .

Here , the doctor has specified the generic or chemical name of the medicine — it 's like asking for own brand baked beans rather than Heinz in a supermarket .
here , the doctor has [named] the generic or chemical name of the medicine — it 's like asking for own brand baked beans rather than heinz in a supermarket .

Then to implement a circuit specified in occam it will be sufficient to transform it to one of these implementable subsets of occam .
then to implement a circuit [named] in occam it will be sufficient to transform it to one of these implementable subsets of occam .

( 3 ) The types of licence which may be so granted by a licensing board are those specified in Schedule 1 to this Act .
( 3 ) the types of licence which may be so granted by a licensing board are those [named] in schedule 1 to this act .

This discretion has been considerably narrowed by the 1976 Act which limits the grounds of refusal to those specified in 5.17 .
this discretion has been considerably narrowed by the 1976 act which limits the grounds of refusal to those [named] in 5.17 .

( 3 ) At such adjourned meeting the licensing board may , if it is satisfied that the terms specified by the board have been complied with ( a ) proceed to grant the licence to the applicant or , as the case may be , to his executors , representatives or disponees ( being possessed of the premises in respect of which the application has been made ) ; ( b ) proceed to consider the objection , whether on the part of the objector or , in the case of a deceased objector , on the part of his representatives ; as if the preliminary requirements of this Act had been complied with .
( 3 ) at such adjourned meeting the licensing board may , if it is satisfied that the terms [named] by the board have been complied with ( a ) proceed to grant the licence to the applicant or , as the case may be , to his executors , representatives or disponees ( being possessed of the premises in respect of which the application has been made ) ; ( b ) proceed to consider the objection , whether on the part of the objector or , in the case of a deceased objector , on the part of his representatives ; as if the preliminary requirements of this act had been complied with .

The notice given should be reasonable , and the date , time and place at which the applicant 's attendance is required should be specified , with a reference to the relevant section of the Act , viz .
the notice given should be reasonable , and the date , time and place at which the applicant 's attendance is required should be [named] , with a reference to the relevant section of the act , viz .

( 3 ) An objection shall , for the purposes of paragraph ( ii ) of subsection ( 2 ) above , be intimated to the applicant ( a ) by delivering to him a copy of the notice of objection lodged with the licensing board under paragraph ( a ) of that subsection ; or ( ii ) by sending a copy of the said notice by registered post or by recorded delivery in a letter addressed to him at his proper address ; or ( c ) by leaving a copy of the said notice for him at his proper address ; and , for the purposes of paragraphs ( ii ) and ( c ) of this subsection , the proper address in the case of an applicant being an individual natural person shall be his place of abode as specified in his application or , in the case of such an applicant applying for the renewal of a licence , the premises in respect of which the application is made , and , in the case of an applicant other than an individual natural person , shall be the address specified in the application .
( 3 ) an objection shall , for the purposes of paragraph ( ii ) of subsection ( 2 ) above , be intimated to the applicant ( a ) by delivering to him a copy of the notice of objection lodged with the licensing board under paragraph ( a ) of that subsection ; or ( ii ) by sending a copy of the said notice by registered post or by recorded delivery in a letter addressed to him at his proper address ; or ( c ) by leaving a copy of the said notice for him at his proper address ; and , for the purposes of paragraphs ( ii ) and ( c ) of this subsection , the proper address in the case of an applicant being an individual natural person shall be his place of abode as [named] in his application or , in the case of such an applicant applying for the renewal of a licence , the premises in respect of which the application is made , and , in the case of an applicant other than an individual natural person , shall be the address [named] in the application .

( 1 ) a board can only be required to give reasons in connection with the types of decision specified in s.5 ( 2 ) where the request for a decision is made in accordance with subs .
( 1 ) a board can only be required to give reasons in connection with the types of decision [named] in s.5 ( 2 ) where the request for a decision is made in accordance with subs .

( 1 ) Without prejudice to its other powers under this Act , a licensing board may make byelaws for any of the following purposes ( a ) for closing licensed premises wholly or partially on New Year 's Day , and on such other days not being more than four in any one year as the board may think expedient for special reasons ; ( b ) for prohibiting holders of licences from residing in their licensed premises , or for requiring the dwellinghouses of holders of licences to be separate from their licensed premises ; ( c ) for requiring all wines , made-wines and spirits sold by the holder of an off-sale licence to be sold in corked , stoppered or sealed vessels , cans , jars or casks ; ( d ) for requiring every holder of a hotel or public house licence to keep in his licensed premises and to renew from day to day a sufficient supply of drinking water , and such eatables as may be specified in the byelaw , and to display , offer and supply the same as may be required by the byelaw ; ( e ) for printing a list of all applications coming before any meeting of the licensing board , with such other information as may be considered necessary by the board ; ( f ) for the setting out of conditions which may be attached to licences for the improvement of standards of , and conduct in , licensed premises ; ( g ) for the granting of a licence of a type other than that applied for ; Provided that a byelaw made under paragraph ( c ) above shall not apply to licensed premises where no groceries are kept or sold and where a bona fide wholesale business in alcoholic liquor is carried on .
( 1 ) without prejudice to its other powers under this act , a licensing board may make byelaws for any of the following purposes ( a ) for closing licensed premises wholly or partially on new year 's day , and on such other days not being more than four in any one year as the board may think expedient for special reasons ; ( b ) for prohibiting holders of licences from residing in their licensed premises , or for requiring the dwellinghouses of holders of licences to be separate from their licensed premises ; ( c ) for requiring all wines , made-wines and spirits sold by the holder of an off-sale licence to be sold in corked , stoppered or sealed vessels , cans , jars or casks ; ( d ) for requiring every holder of a hotel or public house licence to keep in his licensed premises and to renew from day to day a sufficient supply of drinking water , and such eatables as may be [named] in the byelaw , and to display , offer and supply the same as may be required by the byelaw ; ( e ) for printing a list of all applications coming before any meeting of the licensing board , with such other information as may be considered necessary by the board ; ( f ) for the setting out of conditions which may be attached to licences for the improvement of standards of , and conduct in , licensed premises ; ( g ) for the granting of a licence of a type other than that applied for ; provided that a byelaw made under paragraph ( c ) above shall not apply to licensed premises where no groceries are kept or sold and where a bona fide wholesale business in alcoholic liquor is carried on .

The decisions which may be appealed against are specified under headings ( a ) to ( e ) of the section .
the decisions which may be appealed against are [named] under headings ( a ) to ( e ) of the section .

The purpose of the section is to include , for the provisions specified , seamen 's canteen licences and their holders within the meaning of the definitions .
the purpose of the section is to include , for the provisions [named] , seamen 's canteen licences and their holders within the meaning of the definitions .

In addition to the exemptions specified in the subsection , there is an exemption in the case of an international airport ( see s.63 ) .
in addition to the exemptions [named] in the subsection , there is an exemption in the case of an international airport ( see s.63 ) .

: ( a ) that the club premises are adapted and used by members and their guests for carrying on athletic sports or games ; ( b ) that at least one of the sports or games is carried on out of doors , and in daylight ( unless artificial light is used ) ; ( c ) that the premises are regularly used during winter and the hours of daylight for a sport specified in ( b ) ; ( a ) that the usual permitted hours are not suitable for the time at which the game or sport is usually played by members and their guests for the supply of liquor to those participating in the game .
: ( a ) that the club premises are adapted and used by members and their guests for carrying on athletic sports or games ; ( b ) that at least one of the sports or games is carried on out of doors , and in daylight ( unless artificial light is used ) ; ( c ) that the premises are regularly used during winter and the hours of daylight for a sport [named] in ( b ) ; ( a ) that the usual permitted hours are not suitable for the time at which the game or sport is usually played by members and their guests for the supply of liquor to those participating in the game .

The sheriff-clerk gives notice of the application to the chief constable who can lodge objections on the ground that one or more of the conditions specified above have not been fulfilled .
the sheriff-clerk gives notice of the application to the chief constable who can lodge objections on the ground that one or more of the conditions [named] above have not been fulfilled .

( 1 ) This section shall apply to any premises for which a licence ( other than an off-sale licence ) is held or to the premises of a registered club : ( a ) if the holder of the licence or , as the case may be , the club gives notice of the application of the section to the premises In accordance with subsection ( 6 ) below , and ( b ) as from such date as may be specified in the said notice : Provided that , in the case of premises for which a public house or a hotel licence is held or the premises of a club , the licence-holder or the club , as the case may be , shall not give notice of application as aforesaid , and this section shall not apply to such premises , unless the licensing board for the area within which the premises are situated is satisfied that the premises are structurally adapted and bona fide used , or intended to be used , for the purpose of habitually providing the customary main meal at midday for the accommodation of persons frequenting the premises .
( 1 ) this section shall apply to any premises for which a licence ( other than an off-sale licence ) is held or to the premises of a registered club : ( a ) if the holder of the licence or , as the case may be , the club gives notice of the application of the section to the premises in accordance with subsection ( 6 ) below , and ( b ) as from such date as may be [named] in the said notice : provided that , in the case of premises for which a public house or a hotel licence is held or the premises of a club , the licence-holder or the club , as the case may be , shall not give notice of application as aforesaid , and this section shall not apply to such premises , unless the licensing board for the area within which the premises are situated is satisfied that the premises are structurally adapted and bona fide used , or intended to be used , for the purpose of habitually providing the customary main meal at midday for the accommodation of persons frequenting the premises .

( 5 ) This section shall cease to apply to any premises on such day as may be specified in the notice , if the holder of the licence or the club , as the case may be , gives notice of the disapplication of the section from the premises in accordance with subsection ) below : Provided that this section shall cease to apply to premises for which a public house or a hotel licence is held , or to the premises of a club , at any time on the licensing board ceasing to be satisfied as mentioned in the proviso to subsection ( 1 ) above .
( 5 ) this section shall cease to apply to any premises on such day as may be [named] in the notice , if the holder of the licence or the club , as the case may be , gives notice of the disapplication of the section from the premises in accordance with subsection ) below : provided that this section shall cease to apply to premises for which a public house or a hotel licence is held , or to the premises of a club , at any time on the licensing board ceasing to be satisfied as mentioned in the proviso to subsection ( 1 ) above .

Once the section has been applied to premises the afternoon permitted hours are extended by one and a half hours for the sale and supply of liquor for the purposes specified in subs .
once the section has been applied to premises the afternoon permitted hours are extended by one and a half hours for the sale and supply of liquor for the purposes [named] in subs .

( 1 ) This section shall apply to any premises for which a licence ( other than an off-sale licence ) is held or to the premises of a registered club : ( a ) if the holder of the licence or , as the case may be , the club gives notice of the application of the section to the premises in accordance with subsection ( 6 ) below , and ( b ) as from such date as may be specified in the said notice : Provided that , in the case of premises for which a public house or a hotel licence is held or the premises of a club , the licence-holder or the club , as the case may be , shall not give notice of application as aforesaid and this section shall not apply to such premises , unless the licensing board for the area within which the premises are situated is satisfied that the premises are structurally adapted and bona ride used , or intended to be used , for the purpose of habitually providing , for the accommodation of persons frequenting the premises , substantial refreshment to which the sale and supply of alcoholic liquor is ancillary .
( 1 ) this section shall apply to any premises for which a licence ( other than an off-sale licence ) is held or to the premises of a registered club : ( a ) if the holder of the licence or , as the case may be , the club gives notice of the application of the section to the premises in accordance with subsection ( 6 ) below , and ( b ) as from such date as may be [named] in the said notice : provided that , in the case of premises for which a public house or a hotel licence is held or the premises of a club , the licence-holder or the club , as the case may be , shall not give notice of application as aforesaid and this section shall not apply to such premises , unless the licensing board for the area within which the premises are situated is satisfied that the premises are structurally adapted and bona ride used , or intended to be used , for the purpose of habitually providing , for the accommodation of persons frequenting the premises , substantial refreshment to which the sale and supply of alcoholic liquor is ancillary .

( 5 ) This section shall cease to apply to any premises on such day as may be specified in the notice if the holder of the licence or the club , as the case may be , gives notice of the disapplication of the section from the premises in accordance with subsection ( 6 ) below : Provided that this section shall cease to apply to premises for which a public house or a hotel licence is held , or to the premises of a club , at any time on the licensing board ceasing to be satisfied as mentioned in the proviso to subsection ( 1 ) above .
( 5 ) this section shall cease to apply to any premises on such day as may be [named] in the notice if the holder of the licence or the club , as the case may be , gives notice of the disapplication of the section from the premises in accordance with subsection ( 6 ) below : provided that this section shall cease to apply to premises for which a public house or a hotel licence is held , or to the premises of a club , at any time on the licensing board ceasing to be satisfied as mentioned in the proviso to subsection ( 1 ) above .

( 1 ) This section shall apply to any premises for which a public house licence is held and in respect of which an application for Sunday opening has not been granted under Schedule 4 to this Act : ( a ) if the holder of the licence gives notice of the application of the section to the premises in accordance with subsection ( 6 ) below , and ( b ) as from such date as may be specified in the said notice : Provided that a licence-holder shall not give notice of application as aforesaid , and this section shall not apply to the premises for which he holds his licence , unless : ( i ) the licensing board for the area within which the premises are situated is satisfied that the premises are structurally adapted and bona ride used , or intended to be used , for the purpose of habitually providing the customary main meal at midday or in the evening , or both , for the accommodation of persons frequenting the remises , and that the part of the premises mentioned in subsection 3 ) below does not contain a bar counter .
( 1 ) this section shall apply to any premises for which a public house licence is held and in respect of which an application for sunday opening has not been granted under schedule 4 to this act : ( a ) if the holder of the licence gives notice of the application of the section to the premises in accordance with subsection ( 6 ) below , and ( b ) as from such date as may be [named] in the said notice : provided that a licence-holder shall not give notice of application as aforesaid , and this section shall not apply to the premises for which he holds his licence , unless : ( i ) the licensing board for the area within which the premises are situated is satisfied that the premises are structurally adapted and bona ride used , or intended to be used , for the purpose of habitually providing the customary main meal at midday or in the evening , or both , for the accommodation of persons frequenting the remises , and that the part of the premises mentioned in subsection 3 ) below does not contain a bar counter .

( 5 ) This section shall cease to apply to premises on such day as may be specified in the notice if the holder of the licence gives notice of the disapplication of the section from the premises in accordance with subsection ( 6 ) below : Provided that this section shall cease to apply to premises at any time on the licensing board ceasing to be satisfied as mentioned in paragraph ( i ) of the proviso to subsection ( 1 ) above .
( 5 ) this section shall cease to apply to premises on such day as may be [named] in the notice if the holder of the licence gives notice of the disapplication of the section from the premises in accordance with subsection ( 6 ) below : provided that this section shall cease to apply to premises at any time on the licensing board ceasing to be satisfied as mentioned in paragraph ( i ) of the proviso to subsection ( 1 ) above .

The time specified on a let-down chart such as 1 , 2 or 3 minutes , etc , is in fact quite meaningless and dangerous unless associated with a specific distance and speed .
the time [named] on a let-down chart such as 1 , 2 or 3 minutes , etc , is in fact quite meaningless and dangerous unless associated with a specific distance and speed .

The safest plan is to assume that any such specified time refers to Inbound Leg time .
the safest plan is to assume that any such [named] time refers to inbound leg time .

By the time Posi had established the ship at the specified position , Mala seemed to be thinking along similar lines .
by the time posi had established the ship at the [named] position , mala seemed to be thinking along similar lines .

The Secretary of State may , having regard to section 2 of this Act , give directions to the Group as to the manner in which they are to implement the disposal programme generally or in any case specified in the directions .
the secretary of state may , having regard to section 2 of this act , give directions to the group as to the manner in which they are to implement the disposal programme generally or in any case [named] in the directions .

The third option is to sell the property along with the company but with a legal charge on the property which will ensure that if the property is sold , say for development , within a specified period , the Government will receive a specified share of the development proceeds .
the third option is to sell the property along with the company but with a legal charge on the property which will ensure that if the property is sold , say for development , within a [named] period , the government will receive a [named] share of the development proceeds .

In the posthumously published Canzoni et sonate ( 1615 ) the instruments are almost always specified .
in the posthumously published canzoni et sonate ( 1615 ) the instruments are almost always [named] .

It was assumed that projects exist either with easily specified cash flows or with easily specified underlying factors which give rise to those cash flows .
it was assumed that projects exist either with easily [named] cash flows or with easily [named] underlying factors which give rise to those cash flows .

The term ‘ differentiation ’ is preferable , because it throws the emphasis on the need to be ‘ better ’ than rival products not just in some general way , but in precisely specified ways .
the term ‘ differentiation ’ is preferable , because it throws the emphasis on the need to be ‘ better ’ than rival products not just in some general way , but in precisely [named] ways .

Delivery of such criteria is not costless , and competitiveness may depend upon the ability to provide such criteria at a specified cost .
delivery of such criteria is not costless , and competitiveness may depend upon the ability to provide such criteria at a [named] cost .

This is not the place for a jurisprudential exegesis on the nature of discretion . Discretion for the purposes of this chapter will be defined as existing where there is power to make choices between courses of action or where , even though the end is specified , a choice exists as to how that end
this is not the place for a jurisprudential exegesis on the nature of discretion . discretion for the purposes of this chapter will be defined as existing where there is power to make choices between courses of action or where , even though the end is [named] , a choice exists as to how that end

Narrow range of skills , and specified range of operations required by workforce at any one point in the line .
narrow range of skills , and [named] range of operations required by workforce at any one point in the line .

Firstly , ambient air quality standards or goals need to be specified .
firstly , ambient air quality standards or goals need to be [named] .

These protocols specify the percentage reductions of emissions required from the total emitted by the nation during a specified baseline year .
these protocols specify the percentage reductions of emissions required from the total emitted by the nation during a [named] baseline year .

As the above indicates , the scrutiny process emphasizes action and implementation within a specified timetable .
as the above indicates , the scrutiny process emphasizes action and implementation within a [named] timetable .

However , critics point to the regressive nature of the community charge — apart from specified categories who will receive exemption or discounts ( for example , students ) everyone in an area will pay the same regardless of income — and the difficulties and expense of administration and collection .
however , critics point to the regressive nature of the community charge — apart from [named] categories who will receive exemption or discounts ( for example , students ) everyone in an area will pay the same regardless of income — and the difficulties and expense of administration and collection .

This should specify the amounts payable for particular posts and all councillors holding posts stipulated in the scheme should be entitled to claim the amount specified .
this should specify the amounts payable for particular posts and all councillors holding posts stipulated in the scheme should be entitled to claim the amount [named] .

Services initially specified included refuse collection , cleaning buildings , street sweeping , school meals and catering , and ground and vehicle maintenance .
services initially [named] included refuse collection , cleaning buildings , street sweeping , school meals and catering , and ground and vehicle maintenance .

Adaptation in the second sense is the accumulation , in a species , of enough of these changes to promote viability within the specified environment .
adaptation in the second sense is the accumulation , in a species , of enough of these changes to promote viability within the [named] environment .

The French control Iles Kerguelen , Crozet , Amsterdam and St Paul , and lease specified fishing rights to Soviet and other fishermen in circumscribed zones surrounding them .
the french control iles kerguelen , crozet , amsterdam and st paul , and lease [named] fishing rights to soviet and other fishermen in circumscribed zones surrounding them .

‘ She specified the high-level design .
‘ she [named] the high-level design .

The celebrated modus operandi was more or less specified by Johnson himself .
the celebrated modus operandi was more or less [named] by johnson himself .

However , although the resolutions of Congress specified that the revolution in Latin America could only be democratic-bourgeois at this stage , they also said that , because of the weakness of the national bourgeoisie and their links to imperialism , Latin American Communist parties should work at the same time for the eventual dictatorship of the proletariat .
however , although the resolutions of congress [named] that the revolution in latin america could only be democratic-bourgeois at this stage , they also said that , because of the weakness of the national bourgeoisie and their links to imperialism , latin american communist parties should work at the same time for the eventual dictatorship of the proletariat .

It is ’ , she specified , as if Miss Logan could not otherwise understand the matter , ‘ approximately half the size of Green Park in London .
it is ’ , she [named] , as if miss logan could not otherwise understand the matter , ‘ approximately half the size of green park in london .

First-time buyer deals usually offer a straight interest rate cut from the lender 's standard variable rate for a specified period .
first-time buyer deals usually offer a straight interest rate cut from the lender 's standard variable rate for a [named] period .

In contrast , a fixed rate mortgage has a constant rate of interest which is charged over a specified period .
in contrast , a fixed rate mortgage has a constant rate of interest which is charged over a [named] period .

Most will arrange a payment holiday , reduced payments for a specified period or devise a special scheme for you .
most will arrange a payment holiday , reduced payments for a [named] period or devise a special scheme for you .

To achieve appropriate security consistent with a declared policy will require a methodical approach based on a suitable qualification of the risks involved , so that cost-beneficial countermeasures may be specified and implemented .
to achieve appropriate security consistent with a declared policy will require a methodical approach based on a suitable qualification of the risks involved , so that cost-beneficial countermeasures may be [named] and implemented .

To sum up , the 940 is the traditionally sensible Volvo product — well specified , spacious and solid .
to sum up , the 940 is the traditionally sensible volvo product — well [named] , spacious and solid .

These agreements will match a specified level and quality of service with a specified amount of money .
these agreements will match a [named] level and quality of service with a [named] amount of money .

Do they have any empty homes that need improvement available for sale in ‘ homesteading ’ schemes whereby a purchaser undertakes to improve the home within a specified period ? ( Under such schemes financial assistance is generally available through Home Improvement Grants and arrangements for mortgages and loans . )
do they have any empty homes that need improvement available for sale in ‘ homesteading ’ schemes whereby a purchaser undertakes to improve the home within a [named] period ? ( under such schemes financial assistance is generally available through home improvement grants and arrangements for mortgages and loans . )

As in the 1830s and 1840s , this medico-moral domain specified key concepts of sexuality as part of its concerns .
as in the 1830s and 1840s , this medico-moral domain [named] key concepts of sexuality as part of its concerns .

The field of sexuality was now much more clearly specified and theorized , in comparison with its relatively undifferentiated treatment in the moral repertoire of earlier environmentalists .
the field of sexuality was now much more clearly [named] and theorized , in comparison with its relatively undifferentiated treatment in the moral repertoire of earlier environmentalists .

What the kidnappers wanted was not specified .
what the kidnappers wanted was not [named] .

Since Natasha had not specified which room they were to meet in , there was nothing for it but to progress through each , ignoring the paintings and studying only the other visitors .
since natasha had not [named] which room they were to meet in , there was nothing for it but to progress through each , ignoring the paintings and studying only the other visitors .

He had even specified the date of his unwitting confessional .
he had even [named] the date of his unwitting confessional .

‘ They 've specified a document written in Catalan by a friend of Tristram Abberley .
‘ they 've [named] a document written in catalan by a friend of tristram abberley .

Details of the current Fire Offices ' Committee Rules are specified in chapter 4 — Insurers Requirements for High-Bay Warehouses .
details of the current fire offices ' committee rules are [named] in chapter 4 — insurers requirements for high-bay warehouses .

These requirements were specified as follows for the design of ‘ new ’ systems .
these requirements were [named] as follows for the design of ‘ new ’ systems .

These systems have proved capable of meeting the specified operational requirements on a variety of fires in different categories of combustibles .
these systems have proved capable of meeting the [named] operational requirements on a variety of fires in different categories of combustibles .

The external walls of all buildings are therefore required to have the requisite period of fire resistance , unless the building is placed at , or more than a specified distance from , the boundary .
the external walls of all buildings are therefore required to have the requisite period of fire resistance , unless the building is placed at , or more than a [named] distance from , the boundary .

In Scotland the required distance is specified in terms of a maximum thermal radiation intensity received from the buildings at the boundary .
in scotland the required distance is [named] in terms of a maximum thermal radiation intensity received from the buildings at the boundary .

Many of these Acts have specified requirement for fire precautions in warehouse buildings and some have requirements for fire brigade access , means of escape and for large storage buildings .
many of these acts have [named] requirement for fire precautions in warehouse buildings and some have requirements for fire brigade access , means of escape and for large storage buildings .

to line up typeset or other graphic material as specified , using a base or vertical line as the reference point .
to line up typeset or other graphic material as [named] , using a base or vertical line as the reference point .

On the other hand , supervisors with poor performance are described as spending more time in ensuring that their staff were busily employed in fulfilling specified stages of work .
on the other hand , supervisors with poor performance are described as spending more time in ensuring that their staff were busily employed in fulfilling [named] stages of work .

Workers expect to have some control over the means by which they perform a set task , and they resent having means specified in too much detail .
workers expect to have some control over the means by which they perform a set task , and they resent having means [named] in too much detail .

the expected performance levels ( the expected results ) of the subordinate should be clearly specified ( ie determine the required results ) . These should be fully understood and accepted by the subordinate ; tasks should be assigned to the subordinate who should agree to do them ;
the expected performance levels ( the expected results ) of the subordinate should be clearly [named] ( ie determine the required results ) . these should be fully understood and accepted by the subordinate ; tasks should be assigned to the subordinate who should agree to do them ;

It is general if the subordinate is given authority to make any decisions with regard to a certain ( specified ) area of the operations — ie. he is put in charge .
it is general if the subordinate is given authority to make any decisions with regard to a certain ( [named] ) area of the operations — ie. he is put in charge .

Classical theorists such as Fayol therefore argued that the scalar chain of command must be clearly specified in terms of who holds what authority and who is accountable to whom and for what .
classical theorists such as fayol therefore argued that the scalar chain of command must be clearly [named] in terms of who holds what authority and who is accountable to whom and for what .

Bureaucracy : authority is bestowed by dividing an organisation into jurisdictional areas ( production , marketing , sales etc ) each with specified duties .
bureaucracy : authority is bestowed by dividing an organisation into jurisdictional areas ( production , marketing , sales etc ) each with [named] duties .

Weber specified several general characteristics of bureaucracy , which he described as ‘ a continuous organisation of official functions bound by rules ’ :
weber [named] several general characteristics of bureaucracy , which he described as ‘ a continuous organisation of official functions bound by rules ’ :

Reference here is mainly to the formal structure of organisations — that is , the official hierarchy of positions , the division of labour and specified operating procedures .
reference here is mainly to the formal structure of organisations — that is , the official hierarchy of positions , the division of labour and [named] operating procedures .

The formal mature of organisation structure reflects the fact of goals having been identified and the criteria of achievement specified .
the formal mature of organisation structure reflects the fact of goals having been identified and the criteria of achievement [named] .

Individuals might assign the income from specified lands to pay off their debts , pledge their own faith , and produce guarantors .
individuals might assign the income from [named] lands to pay off their debts , pledge their own faith , and produce guarantors .

Wheels , rods , cranks , and other components were added so that boys ( girls were never specified in the advertising ) , with instruction manuals , could build the illustrated models .
wheels , rods , cranks , and other components were added so that boys ( girls were never [named] in the advertising ) , with instruction manuals , could build the illustrated models .

When they are authorised , whether generally or in relation to a particular allotment , the company may resolve by special resolution that section 89 ( 1 ) shall not apply to a specified allotment under that authority or shall apply with such modifications as are specified in the resolution .
when they are authorised , whether generally or in relation to a particular allotment , the company may resolve by special resolution that section 89 ( 1 ) shall not apply to a [named] allotment under that authority or shall apply with such modifications as are [named] in the resolution .

’ The nearest approach to this in the Act is section 93 under which sections 89 to 92 are ‘ without prejudice ’ to any enactment by virtue of which the company is prohibited ( either generally or in specified circumstances ) from offering or allotting equity securities to any person .
’ the nearest approach to this in the act is section 93 under which sections 89 to 92 are ‘ without prejudice ’ to any enactment by virtue of which the company is prohibited ( either generally or in [named] circumstances ) from offering or allotting equity securities to any person .

’ Under these definitions , participating preference shares will be equity shares if they participate in distributions ‘ beyond a specified amount .
’ under these definitions , participating preference shares will be equity shares if they participate in distributions ‘ beyond a [named] amount .

Section 1889 provides that a company , if so authorised by its articles , may issue with respect to any fully-paid shares a warrant stating that the bearer of the warrant is entitled to the shares specified in it .
section 1889 provides that a company , if so authorised by its articles , may issue with respect to any fully-paid shares a warrant stating that the bearer of the warrant is entitled to the shares [named] in it .

Title to the shares specified then passes by manual delivery of the warrant , which is a negotiable instrument .
title to the shares [named] then passes by manual delivery of the warrant , which is a negotiable instrument .

It would equally be possible to require the registration of all charges ( with perhaps some specified exceptions ) but this approach , while guaranteeing comprehensiveness , is not free from difficulties .
it would equally be possible to require the registration of all charges ( with perhaps some [named] exceptions ) but this approach , while guaranteeing comprehensiveness , is not free from difficulties .

Also , at the end of the day there may not be a great deal of difference between a system which requires all charges subject to exceptions to be registered as opposed to the present one which requires specified charges to be registered subject to the power of the Secretary of State to add to or delete from their number .
also , at the end of the day there may not be a great deal of difference between a system which requires all charges subject to exceptions to be registered as opposed to the present one which requires [named] charges to be registered subject to the power of the secretary of state to add to or delete from their number .

Section 231 requires information specified in Schedule 5 to be given in notes to the accounts regarding what are referred to in the headings to the section and the Schedule as ‘ related undertakings ’ — an expression which the Act does not define but which includes parent and subsidiary undertakings , associated undertakings , joint ventures , and undertakings in which the company has a substantial holding .
section 231 requires information [named] in schedule 5 to be given in notes to the accounts regarding what are referred to in the headings to the section and the schedule as ‘ related undertakings ’ — an expression which the act does not define but which includes parent and subsidiary undertakings , associated undertakings , joint ventures , and undertakings in which the company has a substantial holding .

Similarly section 232 requires the information specified in Schedule 6 , regarding the emoluments and other benefits of directors and their associates , to be given in notes to the accounts .
similarly section 232 requires the information [named] in schedule 6 , regarding the emoluments and other benefits of directors and their associates , to be given in notes to the accounts .

The section provides that the Secretary of State may make provisions by regulations in relation to revised accounts and reports which , in particular , may : — make different provisions according to whether the previous documents are replaced or merely supplemented by a statement of corrections ; deal with the functions of the auditors ; require the directors to take specified steps in relation to circulation to members and others entitled under section 238 ; laying before a general meeting and delivery to the Registrar ; and the application of provisions of the Act ( including penalties ) .
the section provides that the secretary of state may make provisions by regulations in relation to revised accounts and reports which , in particular , may : — make different provisions according to whether the previous documents are replaced or merely supplemented by a statement of corrections ; deal with the functions of the auditors ; require the directors to take [named] steps in relation to circulation to members and others entitled under section 238 ; laying before a general meeting and delivery to the registrar ; and the application of provisions of the act ( including penalties ) .

Under the new section 251 , a company , any of whose shares are officially listed , need not , in such circumstances as are specified by regulations and subject to complying with conditions so specified , send copies of the accounts and reports to members but may instead send them a summary financial statement , derived from the company 's annual accounts and directors ' report , in such form and containing such information as may be specified in the regulations .
under the new section 251 , a company , any of whose shares are officially listed , need not , in such circumstances as are [named] by regulations and subject to complying with conditions so [named] , send copies of the accounts and reports to members but may instead send them a summary financial statement , derived from the company 's annual accounts and directors ' report , in such form and containing such information as may be [named] in the regulations .

Whereas the other forms of offensive conduct may be by words or conduct , ‘ disorderly behaviour ’ is specified to be capable of commission by behaviour only .
whereas the other forms of offensive conduct may be by words or conduct , ‘ disorderly behaviour ’ is [named] to be capable of commission by behaviour only .

If the chief of police reasonably believes that any conditions that he may impose will not prevent ‘ serious public disorder , ’ he shall apply to the district council for an order prohibiting for a specified period ( not exceeding three months ) the holding of all public processions or a specified class of processions .
if the chief of police reasonably believes that any conditions that he may impose will not prevent ‘ serious public disorder , ’ he shall apply to the district council for an order prohibiting for a [named] period ( not exceeding three months ) the holding of all public processions or a [named] class of processions .

Where a procession is organised without notice , no offence is committed if it was not ‘ reasonably practicable ’ to give such notice , either at all , or within the specified six clear days .
where a procession is organised without notice , no offence is committed if it was not ‘ reasonably practicable ’ to give such notice , either at all , or within the [named] six clear days .

What we mean by abstract identification is that semantic and phonological properties of the word are not specified by the output of the visual word-recognition system .
what we mean by abstract identification is that semantic and phonological properties of the word are not [named] by the output of the visual word-recognition system .

However , in real life such referentially obscure and ambiguous material is rare and Thorndyke therefore investigated memory for passages which were relatively coherent even when their precise theme was not specified in advance .
however , in real life such referentially obscure and ambiguous material is rare and thorndyke therefore investigated memory for passages which were relatively coherent even when their precise theme was not [named] in advance .

the difference between the pronunciations of the plural -s in cats , dogs , and churches — are specified .
the difference between the pronunciations of the plural -s in cats , dogs , and churches — are [named] .

If a bequest to a school was specified in terms of ‘ the best performance in the School Certificate ’ it would be unreasonable not to release that restriction when the School Certificate was abolished .
if a bequest to a school was [named] in terms of ‘ the best performance in the school certificate ’ it would be unreasonable not to release that restriction when the school certificate was abolished .

Each fund accounts for specified items of income and expenditure .
each fund accounts for [named] items of income and expenditure .

Schedule 13 , para 7(i) , Local Government Act 1972 required that where expenditure was defrayed by borrowing , a sum equivalent to an instalment of principal and interest was debited to the relevant operating statement so that the loan was repaid over a specified period of years .
schedule 13 , para 7(i) , local government act 1972 required that where expenditure was defrayed by borrowing , a sum equivalent to an instalment of principal and interest was debited to the relevant operating statement so that the loan was repaid over a [named] period of years .

Asset lives are not specified , they must only be fair .
asset lives are not [named] , they must only be fair .

They were radical proposals that specified in considerable detail the form and content of accounts .
they were radical proposals that [named] in considerable detail the form and content of accounts .

In addition to the seven types of investigations specified above as referring to fluvial geomorphology , the main focus of research by physical geographers was on small instrumented areas as indicated below ( p. 107 ) and this developed towards the assessment of sediment and solute yields , as exemplified by Walling ( 1983 ) and to the assessment of human impact including that on urban areas ( e.g .
in addition to the seven types of investigations [named] above as referring to fluvial geomorphology , the main focus of research by physical geographers was on small instrumented areas as indicated below ( p. 107 ) and this developed towards the assessment of sediment and solute yields , as exemplified by walling ( 1983 ) and to the assessment of human impact including that on urban areas ( e.g .

Another requirement could be the removal of nuclear weapons from the specified region — denuclearisation .
another requirement could be the removal of nuclear weapons from the [named] region — denuclearisation .

But he specified later that the Five-Power Defence Arrangements , involving Malaysia , Singapore , the United Kingdom , Australia and New Zealand , which had been formalised in London in April 1970 were ‘ in no way incompatible with our neutralisation proposal or our non-aligned policy ’ since the Arrangements were intended for current defence needs and were entirely defensive in nature , whereas the neutralisation was a ‘ long-term solution ’ .
but he [named] later that the five-power defence arrangements , involving malaysia , singapore , the united kingdom , australia and new zealand , which had been formalised in london in april 1970 were ‘ in no way incompatible with our neutralisation proposal or our non-aligned policy ’ since the arrangements were intended for current defence needs and were entirely defensive in nature , whereas the neutralisation was a ‘ long-term solution ’ .

He specified such regions as the Indian Ocean , the Persian Gulf and the Mediterranean Sea .
he [named] such regions as the indian ocean , the persian gulf and the mediterranean sea .

Brezhnev went on to propose a ‘ doctrine of peace and security ’ with respect to the Persian Gulf countries which would require the United States , the other Western powers , China , Japan and ‘ all states showing an interest ’ to reach an agreement on a number of mutual commitments . These were specified as follows :
brezhnev went on to propose a ‘ doctrine of peace and security ’ with respect to the persian gulf countries which would require the united states , the other western powers , china , japan and ‘ all states showing an interest ’ to reach an agreement on a number of mutual commitments . these were [named] as follows :

Political considerations simultaneously led to the Soviet decision to abandon its rights , derived from the Yalta Agreements and specified in the Chinese-Soviet treaty of friendship of August 1945 , to exclusive use of the naval base in Port Arthur and shared use of the port of Dairen in the Chinese People 's Republic .
political considerations simultaneously led to the soviet decision to abandon its rights , derived from the yalta agreements and [named] in the chinese-soviet treaty of friendship of august 1945 , to exclusive use of the naval base in port arthur and shared use of the port of dairen in the chinese people 's republic .

formalisation of rules clearly specified ;
formalisation of rules clearly [named] ;

Individuals may feel happier if they have a clearly specified job within the organisation and know exactly where they fit into the workings of the organisation .
individuals may feel happier if they have a clearly [named] job within the organisation and know exactly where they fit into the workings of the organisation .

That tasks are fully specified in correct sequence
that tasks are fully [named] in correct sequence

( This is not necessary for modules for which the grounds for exemption are specified in the module description . )
( this is not necessary for modules for which the grounds for exemption are [named] in the module description . )

This helps staff focus on the demands they are placing on students within the specified 100 or 12 ( ) hours of student effort required in each module .
this helps staff focus on the demands they are placing on students within the [named] 100 or 12 ( ) hours of student effort required in each module .

Indeed , there is no way of defining ‘ relevant ’ , and thus maintaining the list within finite bounds until a theory is specified .
indeed , there is no way of defining ‘ relevant ’ , and thus maintaining the list within finite bounds until a theory is [named] .

There have been several instances of polytechnic or college academic boards adopting a ‘ modular policy ’ which requires specified courses , over time , to move into a common framework of delivery ( usually achieved administratively by common timetabling and academically by convergence of course titles and examination arrangements ) .
there have been several instances of polytechnic or college academic boards adopting a ‘ modular policy ’ which requires [named] courses , over time , to move into a common framework of delivery ( usually achieved administratively by common timetabling and academically by convergence of course titles and examination arrangements ) .

‘ The tenders for the year 1889 he wrote , ‘ specified the total amount required as 6 million gallons .
‘ the tenders for the year 1889 he wrote , ‘ [named] the total amount required as 6 million gallons .

Selection criteria were specified , including the requirements that the solicitor 's office be reasonably accessible to the appropriate magistrates ' court and that the solicitor have sufficient criminal advocacy experience during the previous 18 months .
selection criteria were [named] , including the requirements that the solicitor 's office be reasonably accessible to the appropriate magistrates ' court and that the solicitor have sufficient criminal advocacy experience during the previous 18 months .

The move to limits based on hours may help , but the periods of two and three hours specified have still been criticised as too low .
the move to limits based on hours may help , but the periods of two and three hours [named] have still been criticised as too low .

As with other insurance policies , cover varies according to the company and according to the premium paid , but the approach favoured by the Law Society , and exemplified by Sun Alliance , is a blanket cover subject to specified exclusions .
as with other insurance policies , cover varies according to the company and according to the premium paid , but the approach favoured by the law society , and exemplified by sun alliance , is a blanket cover subject to [named] exclusions .

Such an agreement is an agreement in writing between a person providing advocacy or litigation services and the client , which is not concerned with certain matrimonial and children proceedings ; provides for that person 's fees and expenses , or part of them , to be payable only in specified circumstances ; complies with any requirements imposed by the Lord Chancellor ; and is not a contentious business agreement .
such an agreement is an agreement in writing between a person providing advocacy or litigation services and the client , which is not concerned with certain matrimonial and children proceedings ; provides for that person 's fees and expenses , or part of them , to be payable only in [named] circumstances ; complies with any requirements imposed by the lord chancellor ; and is not a contentious business agreement .

The agreement may provide for the amount of any fees to which it applies to be increased , but only if a percentage is specified .
the agreement may provide for the amount of any fees to which it applies to be increased , but only if a percentage is [named] .

It only applies in specified courts , for specified proceedings , and to those who fall within the financial conditions and have reasonable grounds for taking , defending or being party to an action .
it only applies in [named] courts , for [named] proceedings , and to those who fall within the financial conditions and have reasonable grounds for taking , defending or being party to an action .

The excepted proceedings , which are specified , are actions in defamation , relator actions , certain proceedings for the recovery of a penalty , election petitions , actions relating to judgment summons in the county court , actions in the county court where the only question is the time and mode of payment of a debt , and any incidental proceedings .
the excepted proceedings , which are [named] , are actions in defamation , relator actions , certain proceedings for the recovery of a penalty , election petitions , actions relating to judgment summons in the county court , actions in the county court where the only question is the time and mode of payment of a debt , and any incidental proceedings .

The Area Director also has power to discharge or revoke it upon the happening of specified events including a request from the applicant so to do , or where the aid has been abused , or where the applicant is in arrears with contributions , or where the applicant 's financial position improves so that he or she is able to afford to fund legal action .
the area director also has power to discharge or revoke it upon the happening of [named] events including a request from the applicant so to do , or where the aid has been abused , or where the applicant is in arrears with contributions , or where the applicant 's financial position improves so that he or she is able to afford to fund legal action .

The automatic reference to arbitration of a dispute involving a sum of less than £500 can be rescinded on the application of either party or on the motion of the district judge , but only on one ( or more ) specified grounds .
the automatic reference to arbitration of a dispute involving a sum of less than £500 can be rescinded on the application of either party or on the motion of the district judge , but only on one ( or more ) [named] grounds .

Attempts on the part of the client to interact with other people as well as the nature of other people 's contact to them ( positive , negative , conversation , or assistance ) and each person 's challenging behaviour was also recorded , using individually specified definitions .
attempts on the part of the client to interact with other people as well as the nature of other people 's contact to them ( positive , negative , conversation , or assistance ) and each person 's challenging behaviour was also recorded , using individually [named] definitions .

The inquiry recommended that the Secretary of State for Health clarify responsibility for after-care , that individual pre-discharge plans be specified and a register of designated patients be kept .
the inquiry recommended that the secretary of state for health clarify responsibility for after-care , that individual pre-discharge plans be [named] and a register of designated patients be kept .

‘ This Order establishes , under section 21 of the Oil and Gas ( Enterprise ) Act 1982 , a safety zone , having a radius of 500 metres from a specified point , around the installation specified in the Schedule to this Order and maintained in waters to which the section applies … Vessels ( which for this purpose include hovercraft , submersible apparatus and installations in transit ) are prohibited from entering or remaining in the safety zone except with the consent of the Secretary of State or in the circumstances mentioned in Article 2(2) of the Order . ’
‘ this order establishes , under section 21 of the oil and gas ( enterprise ) act 1982 , a safety zone , having a radius of 500 metres from a [named] point , around the installation [named] in the schedule to this order and maintained in waters to which the section applies … vessels ( which for this purpose include hovercraft , submersible apparatus and installations in transit ) are prohibited from entering or remaining in the safety zone except with the consent of the secretary of state or in the circumstances mentioned in article 2(2) of the order . ’

It is specified that the explanatory note is not part of the Order .
it is [named] that the explanatory note is not part of the order .

They shall enter into force on the date specified in them or , in the absence thereof , on the twentieth day following their publication .
they shall enter into force on the date [named] in them or , in the absence thereof , on the twentieth day following their publication .

After testing the video equipment , they sent Asmar 's volunteer cameramen off to start shooting the locations Control had specified in the western sectors of Beirut , places where , Coleman assumed , the hostages were being held .
after testing the video equipment , they sent asmar 's volunteer cameramen off to start shooting the locations control had [named] in the western sectors of beirut , places where , coleman assumed , the hostages were being held .

The court 's order , signed 12 December 1990 , showed that , after the 27 July conference , the government had approached Chief Judge Platt privately to suggest that , rather than produce the documents he had specified , its agents should simply brief the court on certain matters connected with the bombing .
the court 's order , signed 12 december 1990 , showed that , after the 27 july conference , the government had approached chief judge platt privately to suggest that , rather than produce the documents he had [named] , its agents should simply brief the court on certain matters connected with the bombing .

Where sexual penetration takes place without the specified aggravating factors but in circumstances which include , inter alia , the use of force or coercion , criminal sexual conduct in the third degree is committed .
where sexual penetration takes place without the [named] aggravating factors but in circumstances which include , inter alia , the use of force or coercion , criminal sexual conduct in the third degree is committed .

Proven and probable reserves are the estimated quantities of crude oil , natural gas and natural gas liquids which geological , geophysical and engineering data demonstrate with a specified degree if certainty to be recoverable in future years from known reservoirs and which are considered commercially producible .
proven and probable reserves are the estimated quantities of crude oil , natural gas and natural gas liquids which geological , geophysical and engineering data demonstrate with a [named] degree if certainty to be recoverable in future years from known reservoirs and which are considered commercially producible .

Alternatively , major capital projects would be undertaken by private sector contractors who would finance and build the assets in question , operate them for a specified period in return for an agreed fee and then transfer them to the commissioning authority .
alternatively , major capital projects would be undertaken by private sector contractors who would finance and build the assets in question , operate them for a [named] period in return for an agreed fee and then transfer them to the commissioning authority .

10.3 The appropriate line manager will ensure that adequate support and assistance are provided to the employee on returning to work for a specified ‘ settling in ’ period .
10.3 the appropriate line manager will ensure that adequate support and assistance are provided to the employee on returning to work for a [named] ‘ settling in ’ period .

Staff members trained in Control and Restraint techniques may employ these measures where the situation accords with the conditions specified for their use .
staff members trained in control and restraint techniques may employ these measures where the situation accords with the conditions [named] for their use .

Both bodies regularly inspect the homes and have powers to make sure that care and other conditions reach specified standards .
both bodies regularly inspect the homes and have powers to make sure that care and other conditions reach [named] standards .

Under Article 134 of the Articles of Association of the Company , the directors may , if authorised by an ordinary resolution of the Company , offer holders of ordinary shares the right to elect to receive ordinary shares credited as fully paid instead of cash in respect of any dividend specified by the ordinary resolution [ ‘ scrip alternative ’ ] .
under article 134 of the articles of association of the company , the directors may , if authorised by an ordinary resolution of the company , offer holders of ordinary shares the right to elect to receive ordinary shares credited as fully paid instead of cash in respect of any dividend [named] by the ordinary resolution [ ‘ scrip alternative ’ ] .

The advantage of this approach is that spreads the review process , avoiding the ‘ bunching ’ of permissions for review towards the end of the specified period .
the advantage of this approach is that spreads the review process , avoiding the ‘ bunching ’ of permissions for review towards the end of the [named] period .

The reasons which lead the Government to conclude that the coast represents an ‘ important national resource ’ need to be specified .
the reasons which lead the government to conclude that the coast represents an ‘ important national resource ’ need to be [named] .

An easy way to invest larger sums of money on the Money Market for fixed terms , or at specified terms of notice or indeed at call .
an easy way to invest larger sums of money on the money market for fixed terms , or at [named] terms of notice or indeed at call .

Should they wish to complete the programme students should make arrangements to do so within the time limits specified .
should they wish to complete the programme students should make arrangements to do so within the time limits [named] .

In an earlier definition , where pragmatics was restricted to encoded aspects of context , one could claim that the relevant aspects of context should not be specified in advance but rather discovered by a survey of the world 's languages .
in an earlier definition , where pragmatics was restricted to encoded aspects of context , one could claim that the relevant aspects of context should not be [named] in advance but rather discovered by a survey of the world 's languages .

Katz ( 1977 : 19 ) suggests that the input should be the full grammatical ( including semantical ) description of a sentence , together with information about the context in which it was uttered , while the output is a set of representations ( or propositions ) which capture the full meaning of the utterance in the context specified .
katz ( 1977 : 19 ) suggests that the input should be the full grammatical ( including semantical ) description of a sentence , together with information about the context in which it was uttered , while the output is a set of representations ( or propositions ) which capture the full meaning of the utterance in the context [named] .

Such proposals include : ( i ) longer term agreements so that the full benefits of the scheme can be realised ; ( ii ) greater incentives for water level management ; ( iii ) developing a tiered system of payments in all ESAs to reflect different levels of environmental quality ; ( iv ) ensuring that farmers only enter the scheme if they can achieve the specified standards of water management etc .
such proposals include : ( i ) longer term agreements so that the full benefits of the scheme can be realised ; ( ii ) greater incentives for water level management ; ( iii ) developing a tiered system of payments in all esas to reflect different levels of environmental quality ; ( iv ) ensuring that farmers only enter the scheme if they can achieve the [named] standards of water management etc .

The headship of the amalgamated department will be assigned by the Hebdomadal Council from time to time for specified periods of not less than five years to one of the persons holding an established academic post in the department , normally with the title of professor or reader .
the headship of the amalgamated department will be assigned by the hebdomadal council from time to time for [named] periods of not less than five years to one of the persons holding an established academic post in the department , normally with the title of professor or reader .

The headship of the Physical and Theoretical Chemistry Laboratory is assigned by the Hebdomadal Council , on the recommendation of the Physical Sciences Board and of the General Board of the Faculties , for specified periods of not less than five years , to a person holding an established academic post in the department , who will usually be a professor or reader or the holder of such a title .
the headship of the physical and theoretical chemistry laboratory is assigned by the hebdomadal council , on the recommendation of the physical sciences board and of the general board of the faculties , for [named] periods of not less than five years , to a person holding an established academic post in the department , who will usually be a professor or reader or the holder of such a title .

2.4.2 as may be [ reasonably ] required by the Architect provided that no modification shall be made pursuant to this clause 2.4.2 which would substantially alter the design layout nature capacity or standard of construction of the Premises as provided for in the Building Documents or substantially prejudice the use of the Premises for the purpose specified in the Lease It may be preferable to substitute the word `` materially `` for the word `` substantially `` in clause 2.4.2 as the latter suggests that some alteration less than substantial may be permitted but which could result in not inconsequential prejudice occurring to the design or use of the premises .
2.4.2 as may be [ reasonably ] required by the architect provided that no modification shall be made pursuant to this clause 2.4.2 which would substantially alter the design layout nature capacity or standard of construction of the premises as provided for in the building documents or substantially prejudice the use of the premises for the purpose [named] in the lease it may be preferable to substitute the word `` materially `` for the word `` substantially `` in clause 2.4.2 as the latter suggests that some alteration less than substantial may be permitted but which could result in not inconsequential prejudice occurring to the design or use of the premises .

2.10 The Landlord shall procure that no Certificate shall be issued by the Architect unless the Architect has given to the Surveyors not less than [ 5 ] working days ' notice that the Architect proposes on a date specified in such notice to carry out an inspection ( " Inspection " ) of the Works with a view to issuing a Certificate
2.10 the landlord shall procure that no certificate shall be issued by the architect unless the architect has given to the surveyors not less than [ 5 ] working days ' notice that the architect proposes on a date [named] in such notice to carry out an inspection ( " inspection " ) of the works with a view to issuing a certificate

2.14 The Landlord shall procure that the obligations of the contractor under clause of the Building Contract are complied with within the period applicable but ( save as provided in clause 16.3 [ of this agreement and in clause [ s ] of the Lease ] the Landlord shall with effect from the Certificate Date be under no liability to the Tenant in respect of any failure to carry out the Works in accordance with clauses 2.2.1 and 2.2.3 ( save as regards matters specified in any Defects Notice which were not remedied to the Surveyor 's [ reasonable ] satisfaction ) The part of this clause commencing … but ( save as provided in clause 16.3 … to the end of the clause should be deleted , as a tenant may consider it unreasonable for a landlord to exempt itself from liability in this manner .
2.14 the landlord shall procure that the obligations of the contractor under clause of the building contract are complied with within the period applicable but ( save as provided in clause 16.3 [ of this agreement and in clause [ s ] of the lease ] the landlord shall with effect from the certificate date be under no liability to the tenant in respect of any failure to carry out the works in accordance with clauses 2.2.1 and 2.2.3 ( save as regards matters [named] in any defects notice which were not remedied to the surveyor 's [ reasonable ] satisfaction ) the part of this clause commencing … but ( save as provided in clause 16.3 … to the end of the clause should be deleted , as a tenant may consider it unreasonable for a landlord to exempt itself from liability in this manner .

5.4 If any of the circumstances specified in clauses 5.1 , 5.2 and 5.3 or if the Tenant fails to comply with [ its ] obligations under clause 6.5 then and in any such case this agreement shall ( save for clauses 3.8 and 5.5 and without prejudice to any pre-existing right of action of either party in respect of any breach by the other of [ its ] obligations under this agreement ) immediately determine and cease to have effect and neither party shall be under any further liability to the other under this agreement
5.4 if any of the circumstances [named] in clauses 5.1 , 5.2 and 5.3 or if the tenant fails to comply with [ its ] obligations under clause 6.5 then and in any such case this agreement shall ( save for clauses 3.8 and 5.5 and without prejudice to any pre-existing right of action of either party in respect of any breach by the other of [ its ] obligations under this agreement ) immediately determine and cease to have effect and neither party shall be under any further liability to the other under this agreement

Various factors could prevent the tenant from commencing to trade within a specified period and where a tenant has fitted out the premises and is paying a full rent ( or using up a rent free period ) the tenant would hopefully only delay opening for trade for a good reason .
various factors could prevent the tenant from commencing to trade within a [named] period and where a tenant has fitted out the premises and is paying a full rent ( or using up a rent free period ) the tenant would hopefully only delay opening for trade for a good reason .

It appears that if the lease states that the term is to commence `` on `` a specified date , the term will include that date .
it appears that if the lease states that the term is to commence `` on `` a [named] date , the term will include that date .

2.1 For all purposes of this Lease the terms defined in clauses 1 and 2 and Paragraph 1 of the fourth schedule and the sixth schedule have the meanings specified
2.1 for all purposes of this lease the terms defined in clauses 1 and 2 and paragraph 1 of the fourth schedule and the sixth schedule have the meanings [named]

The tenant should nevertheless consider whether it wishes the specified risks to include subsidence , the sprinkler system ( if any ) , aerial devices other than aircraft and impact other than road vehicles , among others .
the tenant should nevertheless consider whether it wishes the [named] risks to include subsidence , the sprinkler system ( if any ) , aerial devices other than aircraft and impact other than road vehicles , among others .

The Landlord demises to the Tenant the Premises Together with the rights specified in the second Schedule but Excepting and reserving to the Landlord the rights specified in the third Schedule To hold the Premises to the Tenant for the Contractual Term Subject to all rights easements privileges restrictions covenants and stipulations of whatever nature affecting the Premises [ including the matters contained or referred to in the seventh Schedule ] Yielding and paying to the Landlord :
the landlord demises to the tenant the premises together with the rights [named] in the second schedule but excepting and reserving to the landlord the rights [named] in the third schedule to hold the premises to the tenant for the contractual term subject to all rights easements privileges restrictions covenants and stipulations of whatever nature affecting the premises [ including the matters contained or referred to in the seventh schedule ] yielding and paying to the landlord :

5.9.9.6 to give notice to the Landlord of the details of the determination of every rent review within [ 28 ] days provided that the Landlord 's approval specified above shall not be unreasonably withheld [ or delayed ] ]
5.9.9.6 to give notice to the landlord of the details of the determination of every rent review within [ 28 ] days provided that the landlord 's approval [named] above shall not be unreasonably withheld [ or delayed ] ]

The tenant , however , will wish to make certain that the landlord 's consent for an application for planning permission can not be unreasonably withheld at least for certain specified matters , having regard to the nature and situation of the premises .
the tenant , however , will wish to make certain that the landlord 's consent for an application for planning permission can not be unreasonably withheld at least for certain [named] matters , having regard to the nature and situation of the premises .

7.6.1.2 the payment of the insurance money is not refused in whole or in part by reason of any act or default of the Tenant or anyone at the Premises expressly or by implication with the Tenant 's authority [ and under the Tenant 's control ] the Landlord shall use [ its ] best endeavours to obtain all planning permissions or other permits and consents that may be required under the Planning Acts or other statutes ( if any ) to enable the Landlord to rebuild and reinstate ( " Permissions " ) The insured risks referred to in 7.6.1.1 will hopefully have been specified in clause 2.8 or in the policy details supplied to the tenant from time to time pursuant to clause 7.9.1
7.6.1.2 the payment of the insurance money is not refused in whole or in part by reason of any act or default of the tenant or anyone at the premises expressly or by implication with the tenant 's authority [ and under the tenant 's control ] the landlord shall use [ its ] best endeavours to obtain all planning permissions or other permits and consents that may be required under the planning acts or other statutes ( if any ) to enable the landlord to rebuild and reinstate ( " permissions " ) the insured risks referred to in 7.6.1.1 will hopefully have been [named] in clause 2.8 or in the policy details supplied to the tenant from time to time pursuant to clause 7.9.1

The specified period of 80 years is the period referred to in the Perpetuities and Accumulations Act 1964 , but there is no reason why the period can not be less , eg 30 years for a 25 year term .
the [named] period of 80 years is the period referred to in the perpetuities and accumulations act 1964 , but there is no reason why the period can not be less , eg 30 years for a 25 year term .

Where a period of time is to run `` from `` a specified date , the specified date is excluded in calculating the period .
where a period of time is to run `` from `` a [named] date , the [named] date is excluded in calculating the period .

When the purchase price includes fixtures or furniture , these should be specified in detail in the draft , and if their value is substantial it is sometimes useful to agree and state the value at which they should be taken in order to reduce the consideration , and the stamp duty payable thereon , in the ultimate conveyance or transfer of the property .
when the purchase price includes fixtures or furniture , these should be [named] in detail in the draft , and if their value is substantial it is sometimes useful to agree and state the value at which they should be taken in order to reduce the consideration , and the stamp duty payable thereon , in the ultimate conveyance or transfer of the property .

British Coal can publish notices withdrawing support from specified areas .
british coal can publish notices withdrawing support from [named] areas .

When the buyer calls to sign the transfer or lease , see that any mortgage or other document requiring a signature ( such as an undertaking to a building society to carry out specified repairs ) is engrossed and ready for execution at the same time , to avoid unnecessary attendances ; and if you wish , you can let your client sign any undertakings as to outgoings instead of doing so on your client 's behalf ( Chapter 7 , head 2 ( c ) ) .
when the buyer calls to sign the transfer or lease , see that any mortgage or other document requiring a signature ( such as an undertaking to a building society to carry out [named] repairs ) is engrossed and ready for execution at the same time , to avoid unnecessary attendances ; and if you wish , you can let your client sign any undertakings as to outgoings instead of doing so on your client 's behalf ( chapter 7 , head 2 ( c ) ) .

This may be dealt with in some way in the contract in that a certain notice period may have been specified and this may have been adhered to by the parties .
this may be dealt with in some way in the contract in that a certain notice period may have been [named] and this may have been adhered to by the parties .

To avoid customers being prejudiced in this way , a firm must not effect a contingent liability transaction unless it can show that it believes on reasonable grounds that the customer understands : ( 1 ) The circumstances under which he may be required to provide any margin ; ( 2 ) Particulars of the form in which the margin may be provided ; ( 3 ) Particulars of the steps which the firm may be entitled to take if the customer fails to provide the required margin ; ( 4 ) That failure by the customer to meet a margin call may lead to the firm closing out his position after time limits specified by the firm , and that the firm will be required to close out the position in any event after a period of five business days ; and ( 5 ) That circumstances other than failure to provide margin may lead to the customer 's position being closed out with prior reference to him .
to avoid customers being prejudiced in this way , a firm must not effect a contingent liability transaction unless it can show that it believes on reasonable grounds that the customer understands : ( 1 ) the circumstances under which he may be required to provide any margin ; ( 2 ) particulars of the form in which the margin may be provided ; ( 3 ) particulars of the steps which the firm may be entitled to take if the customer fails to provide the required margin ; ( 4 ) that failure by the customer to meet a margin call may lead to the firm closing out his position after time limits [named] by the firm , and that the firm will be required to close out the position in any event after a period of five business days ; and ( 5 ) that circumstances other than failure to provide margin may lead to the customer 's position being closed out with prior reference to him .

Nor does it take account of the fact that it can be consistent with the status of agency for an intermediary to be empowered to retain the proceeds of sale above a specified price .
nor does it take account of the fact that it can be consistent with the status of agency for an intermediary to be empowered to retain the proceeds of sale above a [named] price .

Section 47 imposes a duty to investigate on local authorities in certain specified circumstances .
section 47 imposes a duty to investigate on local authorities in certain [named] circumstances .

The data to be held on the register is specified in Appendix 4 of Working Together and includes details of any relevant offences committed by any adult members of , or regular visitors to , the child 's household .
the data to be held on the register is [named] in appendix 4 of working together and includes details of any relevant offences committed by any adult members of , or regular visitors to , the child 's household .

Application should be made in writing but there is no specified form .
application should be made in writing but there is no [named] form .

Note that the child does not have automatic party status when an application is made for a s8 order except in the circumstances specified in ( iii ) and ( iv ) above although he can apply for party status as explained below .
note that the child does not have automatic party status when an application is made for a s8 order except in the circumstances [named] in ( iii ) and ( iv ) above although he can apply for party status as explained below .

Thus , the local authority will have parental responsibility for the child , a duty to review the case in accordance with the regulations , a duty to allow reasonable contact as specified in s34 ( see 8 ( b ) below ) and a duty to comply with s23 and the relevant regulations when placing the child .
thus , the local authority will have parental responsibility for the child , a duty to review the case in accordance with the regulations , a duty to allow reasonable contact as [named] in s34 ( see 8 ( b ) below ) and a duty to comply with s23 and the relevant regulations when placing the child .

In this case it can include a requirement in the order that he comply with the supervisor 's directions to attend at a specified place to participate in specified activities either with or without the child ( para 3 ( 1 ) ( c ) ( 2 ) ) .
in this case it can include a requirement in the order that he comply with the supervisor 's directions to attend at a [named] place to participate in [named] activities either with or without the child ( para 3 ( 1 ) ( c ) ( 2 ) ) .

The treatment must be by , or under the direction of , a registered medical practitioner who may be specified in the order .
the treatment must be by , or under the direction of , a registered medical practitioner who may be [named] in the order .

The doctor responsible for the treatment must make a written report to the supervisor if he is unwilling to continue with the treatment or he forms the view that : ( i ) it should continue beyond the period specified in the order ; ( ii ) the child needs different treatment ; ( iii ) he is not susceptible to treatment ; or ( iv ) he does not require further treatment .
the doctor responsible for the treatment must make a written report to the supervisor if he is unwilling to continue with the treatment or he forms the view that : ( i ) it should continue beyond the period [named] in the order ; ( ii ) the child needs different treatment ; ( iii ) he is not susceptible to treatment ; or ( iv ) he does not require further treatment .

This would not only be detailed but would require the submission of a number of `` case report `` forms relating to cases dealt with ( but anonymised ) which would demonstrate how the applicant had dealt with certain types of specified cases .
this would not only be detailed but would require the submission of a number of `` case report `` forms relating to cases dealt with ( but anonymised ) which would demonstrate how the applicant had dealt with certain types of [named] cases .

Load the specified file into memory at hexadecimal address `` aaaa `` .
load the [named] file into memory at hexadecimal address `` aaaa `` .

You can use this function to check that a calculated answer is within certain limits of a specified value .
you can use this function to check that a calculated answer is within certain limits of a [named] value .

You can use this function to wait for a specified time for a key to be pressed .
you can use this function to wait for a [named] time for a key to be pressed .

For example , Irrespective of the initial value of the loop control variable and the specified terminating value , the loop will execute at least once . For example ,
for example , irrespective of the initial value of the loop control variable and the [named] terminating value , the loop will execute at least once . for example ,

If the specified width is zero ( the initial value ) the interpreter will not attempt to control the overall field width .
if the [named] width is zero ( the initial value ) the interpreter will not attempt to control the overall field width .

Notice that the parameter count is 10 and it is consequently specified in the " alternative " way .
notice that the parameter count is 10 and it is consequently [named] in the " alternative " way .

If a lesser number of parameters are specified , the unspecified rows will be set to 0 .
if a lesser number of parameters are [named] , the unspecified rows will be set to 0 .

The list of directories which must be followed in order to find the specified file .
the list of directories which must be followed in order to find the [named] file .

If the path is omitted , the current directory on the specified drive is assumed .
if the path is omitted , the current directory on the [named] drive is assumed .

Delete the specified file .
delete the [named] file .

There is no law on emotional damages , for instance , if it has never been decided by any statute or precedent or other procedure specified by convention either that people have a legal right to compensation for emotional damages or that they do not .
there is no law on emotional damages , for instance , if it has never been decided by any statute or precedent or other procedure [named] by convention either that people have a legal right to compensation for emotional damages or that they do not .

Would you not think a statute prohibiting abortion except in the case of rape distinctly better than a statute prohibiting abortion except to women born in one specified decade each century ?
would you not think a statute prohibiting abortion except in the case of rape distinctly better than a statute prohibiting abortion except to women born in one [named] decade each century ?

The new `` aspect lies in entering the information at the microcomputer keyboard , having specified the number of fields , field names and position of fields in each record according to the design decisions reached earlier .
the new `` aspect lies in entering the information at the microcomputer keyboard , having [named] the number of fields , field names and position of fields in each record according to the design decisions reached earlier .

It may also recognise that the husband should be entitled to a financial stake in the matrimonial home , such stake being made available to him at the end of the period specified in the court order or at a time previously agreed between the parties .
it may also recognise that the husband should be entitled to a financial stake in the matrimonial home , such stake being made available to him at the end of the period [named] in the court order or at a time previously agreed between the parties .

It can be conveyed or transferred to one of them alone ( see Chapters 3 and 4 ) or the rights of the husband can be postponed until the happening of a specified event ( see Chapter 6 ) .
it can be conveyed or transferred to one of them alone ( see chapters 3 and 4 ) or the rights of the husband can be postponed until the happening of a [named] event ( see chapter 6 ) .

More commonly , the parties ( or the court ) may consider that the matrimonial home should stand in the sole name of the wife but that the husband should be compensated by the payment of cash , or ( if cash is not available ) that the husband should have a charge on the property for a fixed amount ( as opposed to an interest in the equityas to which see Chapter 6 ) , the calling in of the charge being deferred until a specific time or happening of a specified event ( eg death of wife , remarriage of wife or youngest child attaining the age of eighteen years ) .
more commonly , the parties ( or the court ) may consider that the matrimonial home should stand in the sole name of the wife but that the husband should be compensated by the payment of cash , or ( if cash is not available ) that the husband should have a charge on the property for a fixed amount ( as opposed to an interest in the equityas to which see chapter 6 ) , the calling in of the charge being deferred until a specific time or happening of a [named] event ( eg death of wife , remarriage of wife or youngest child attaining the age of eighteen years ) .

From the husband 's point of view it is obviously more satisfactory to have repayment of the mortgage on a fixed date or on the happening of a specified event ( such as remarriage of the wife ) if earlier rather than have repayment of his charge postponed until sale of the property .
from the husband 's point of view it is obviously more satisfactory to have repayment of the mortgage on a fixed date or on the happening of a [named] event ( such as remarriage of the wife ) if earlier rather than have repayment of his charge postponed until sale of the property .

Recognising this , it is not unusual for the court to make an order that the property be transferred to the wife , but with a charge in favour of the husband equivalent to a percentage of the net proceeds of sale with the calling in of the charge deferred until the happening of one of the `` specified events `` .
recognising this , it is not unusual for the court to make an order that the property be transferred to the wife , but with a charge in favour of the husband equivalent to a percentage of the net proceeds of sale with the calling in of the charge deferred until the happening of one of the `` [named] events `` .

While the house in the wife 's sole name with a fixed charge in favour of the husband facilitates the wife 's control of the property , this does not offer her the flexibility to move house that might be incorporated when the house is held by trustees until a specified event ( see Chapter 6 ) .
while the house in the wife 's sole name with a fixed charge in favour of the husband facilitates the wife 's control of the property , this does not offer her the flexibility to move house that might be incorporated when the house is held by trustees until a [named] event ( see chapter 6 ) .

Such a notice states that the planning permission lapses after the expiration of a specified period ( of not less than one year ) .
such a notice states that the planning permission lapses after the expiration of a [named] period ( of not less than one year ) .

The charge was to be levied ‘ for failure to complete development within a specified period from the grant of planning permission ’ .
the charge was to be levied ‘ for failure to complete development within a [named] period from the grant of planning permission ’ .

As authorities built up resources and expertise , and became able to take on the responsibility for making available all land needed for particular types of development , the secretary of state was to have made orders providing that land for development of the kind designated in the order and in the area specified by the order must have passed through public ownership before development took place .
as authorities built up resources and expertise , and became able to take on the responsibility for making available all land needed for particular types of development , the secretary of state was to have made orders providing that land for development of the kind designated in the order and in the area [named] by the order must have passed through public ownership before development took place .

Its particulars may be specified by a diagram such as Fig .
its particulars may be [named] by a diagram such as fig .

So far the type of situation in which salt fingers occur has been specified in only rather general terms .
so far the type of situation in which salt fingers occur has been [named] in only rather general terms .

On the one had he notes : ‘ By 1967 , the definition of the sculptural object had already been expanded to include photographs and film , video ( sic ) and performance work , propositions and declarations , informal scatterings , imaginary sites and specified geographical locations , maps , books and audio-discs ’ .
on the one had he notes : ‘ by 1967 , the definition of the sculptural object had already been expanded to include photographs and film , video ( sic ) and performance work , propositions and declarations , informal scatterings , imaginary sites and [named] geographical locations , maps , books and audio-discs ’ .

These bonds will be redeemed by the government at their face value at some specified date in the future , say in twenty years ' time .
these bonds will be redeemed by the government at their face value at some [named] date in the future , say in twenty years ' time .

In the past , the Bank of England has required banks to hold a certain liquidity ratio and has specified those assets that were to count as liquid ( see page 662 ) .
in the past , the bank of england has required banks to hold a certain liquidity ratio and has [named] those assets that were to count as liquid ( see page 662 ) .

Because this cake mixture uses baking powder to make it rise rather than gradual incorporation of air while beating , make sure you do not overbeat the mixture or add more than the specified amount of baking powder — this would only serve to toughen the cake and make it heavy .
because this cake mixture uses baking powder to make it rise rather than gradual incorporation of air while beating , make sure you do not overbeat the mixture or add more than the [named] amount of baking powder — this would only serve to toughen the cake and make it heavy .

Bake the cake for the time specified in the chart , or in the case of the basic quantity given here , about 1 hour .
bake the cake for the time [named] in the chart , or in the case of the basic quantity given here , about 1 hour .

Bake the cake ( s ) for the time specified in the chart , or in the case of the basic quantity given here , about 25 minutes until golden and just firm when lightly pressed .
bake the cake ( s ) for the time [named] in the chart , or in the case of the basic quantity given here , about 25 minutes until golden and just firm when lightly pressed .

Bake the cake for the time specified in the chart , or in the case of the basic quantity given here , about 3–3½ hours or until a skewer inserted into the centre comes out clean .
bake the cake for the time [named] in the chart , or in the case of the basic quantity given here , about 3–3½ hours or until a skewer inserted into the centre comes out clean .

Bake for the time specified in the chart , or in the case of the basic quantity given here , about 1 hour and 10 minutes or until a skewer inserted into the centre comes out clean and dry .
bake for the time [named] in the chart , or in the case of the basic quantity given here , about 1 hour and 10 minutes or until a skewer inserted into the centre comes out clean and dry .

What she had been after was a specified date and time .
what she had been after was a [named] date and time .

’ The Court had in mind information regarding when and by whom the information was received , the fact that distribution lists are maintained separately from the messages sent and so would not be printed out , unless specified , on the paper copy .
’ the court had in mind information regarding when and by whom the information was received , the fact that distribution lists are maintained separately from the messages sent and so would not be printed out , unless [named] , on the paper copy .

The project will deliver a fully specified set of Guidelines which will enable researchers in any discipline to interchange texts and datasets in machine-readable form , independently of the software or hardware in use , and also independently of the particular application for which such electronic resources are used .
the project will deliver a fully [named] set of guidelines which will enable researchers in any discipline to interchange texts and datasets in machine-readable form , independently of the software or hardware in use , and also independently of the particular application for which such electronic resources are used .

‘ Personal data shall be held for one or more specified and lawful purposes ’ .
‘ personal data shall be held for one or more [named] and lawful purposes ’ .

This principle seems to imply that data should be destroyed when the specified purpose for which they were collected has been achieved .
this principle seems to imply that data should be destroyed when the [named] purpose for which they were collected has been achieved .

( 1 ) For the purposes of arts 5 and 7 ( see above ) : ( a ) the value of an action for a sum of money , whether specified or not , is the amount which the plaintiff or applicant reasonably expects to recover ; ( b ) an action for specified relief other than a sum of money : ( i ) has a value equal to the amount of money which the plaintiff or applicant could reasonably state to be the financial worth of the claim to him , or ( ii ) where there is no such amount , has no quantifiable value .
( 1 ) for the purposes of arts 5 and 7 ( see above ) : ( a ) the value of an action for a sum of money , whether [named] or not , is the amount which the plaintiff or applicant reasonably expects to recover ; ( b ) an action for [named] relief other than a sum of money : ( i ) has a value equal to the amount of money which the plaintiff or applicant could reasonably state to be the financial worth of the claim to him , or ( ii ) where there is no such amount , has no quantifiable value .

( c ) an action which includes more than one claim : ( i ) if one or more of the claims is of a kind specified in paragraph ( b ) ( ii ) , has no quantifiable value ; ( ii ) in any other case , has a value which is the aggregate of the values of the claims as determined in accordance with paragraphs 1 and ( 2 ) In determining the value of an action under paragraph ( 1 ) above : ( a ) unspecified further or other relief ; ( b ) interest , other than interest pursuant to a contract ; and ( c ) costs ; shall be disregarded .
( c ) an action which includes more than one claim : ( i ) if one or more of the claims is of a kind [named] in paragraph ( b ) ( ii ) , has no quantifiable value ; ( ii ) in any other case , has a value which is the aggregate of the values of the claims as determined in accordance with paragraphs 1 and ( 2 ) in determining the value of an action under paragraph ( 1 ) above : ( a ) unspecified further or other relief ; ( b ) interest , other than interest pursuant to a contract ; and ( c ) costs ; shall be disregarded .

( 3 ) In addition to the sum claimed , judgment for interest to date of judgment or payment if earlier , may be given ( i ) at the contractual or statutory rate specified in the particulars of claim or ( ii ) if no rate is specified , at the rate allowed in the High Court ( when the summons is issued ) , assessed without appointment ( Ord 9 , r 8 ) .
( 3 ) in addition to the sum claimed , judgment for interest to date of judgment or payment if earlier , may be given ( i ) at the contractual or statutory rate [named] in the particulars of claim or ( ii ) if no rate is [named] , at the rate allowed in the high court ( when the summons is issued ) , assessed without appointment ( ord 9 , r 8 ) .

( 2 ) Subject to para ( 3 ) ( below ) , the parties must make discovery by serving lists of documents and ; ( a ) subject to sub-para ( c ) , each party must make and serve on every other party a list of documents which are or have been in his possession , custody or power relating to any matter in question between them in the action ; ( b ) the court may , on application ; ( i ) order that discovery under this paragraph shall be limited to such documents or classes of documents only , or as to such only of the matters in question , as may be specified in the order , or ( ii ) if satisfied that discovery by all or any of the parties is not necessary , order that there shall be no discovery of documents by any or all of the parties ; and the court shall make such an order if and so far as it is of opinion that discovery is not necessary either for disposing fairly of the action or for saving costs ; ( c ) where liability is admitted or in an action for personal injuries arising out of a road accident , discovery shall be limited to disclosure of any documents relating to the amount of damages ; ( d ) the provisions of Ord 14 of these rules relating to inspection of documents shall apply where discovery is made under this paragraph as it applies where discovery is made under that Order .
( 2 ) subject to para ( 3 ) ( below ) , the parties must make discovery by serving lists of documents and ; ( a ) subject to sub-para ( c ) , each party must make and serve on every other party a list of documents which are or have been in his possession , custody or power relating to any matter in question between them in the action ; ( b ) the court may , on application ; ( i ) order that discovery under this paragraph shall be limited to such documents or classes of documents only , or as to such only of the matters in question , as may be [named] in the order , or ( ii ) if satisfied that discovery by all or any of the parties is not necessary , order that there shall be no discovery of documents by any or all of the parties ; and the court shall make such an order if and so far as it is of opinion that discovery is not necessary either for disposing fairly of the action or for saving costs ; ( c ) where liability is admitted or in an action for personal injuries arising out of a road accident , discovery shall be limited to disclosure of any documents relating to the amount of damages ; ( d ) the provisions of ord 14 of these rules relating to inspection of documents shall apply where discovery is made under this paragraph as it applies where discovery is made under that order .

The application is to be supported by a statement showing whether or not the value of the action exceeds the sum for the time being specified in art 7 ( 3 ) of the Order , and shall be on notice stating the grounds of the application ( Ord 16 , r 9 ( 2 ) ) — See above .
the application is to be supported by a statement showing whether or not the value of the action exceeds the sum for the time being [named] in art 7 ( 3 ) of the order , and shall be on notice stating the grounds of the application ( ord 16 , r 9 ( 2 ) ) — see above .

Conduct money must be sufficient to cover cost of travelling each way and , in addition , a sum specified currently as £15.00 for a police officer or £21.50 for anyone else for compensation for loss of time , but there is provision for increase and updating ; the amounts are specified in the costs appendices .
conduct money must be sufficient to cover cost of travelling each way and , in addition , a sum [named] currently as £15.00 for a police officer or £21.50 for anyone else for compensation for loss of time , but there is provision for increase and updating ; the amounts are [named] in the costs appendices .

Costs , where taxation takes place after the date for payment specified in the judgment or order , are payable fourteen days after taxation ( Ord 22 , r 2 ( 2 ) ) .
costs , where taxation takes place after the date for payment [named] in the judgment or order , are payable fourteen days after taxation ( ord 22 , r 2 ( 2 ) ) .

If an order for provisional damages is made , the court will make an award of immediate damages excluding any for the risk that the plaintiff will develop the specified disease or suffer the specified deterioration .
if an order for provisional damages is made , the court will make an award of immediate damages excluding any for the risk that the plaintiff will develop the [named] disease or suffer the [named] deterioration .

He can protect himself under Ord 33 , r4A by making a written offer to accept liability up to a specified proportion , which can be brought to the attention of the judge after he has decided the liability issue at trial .
he can protect himself under ord 33 , r4a by making a written offer to accept liability up to a [named] proportion , which can be brought to the attention of the judge after he has decided the liability issue at trial .

Section 11(4) requires regard to be had to the financial resources of a party claiming the protection of an exemption clause which limits liability by reference to a specified sum of money , and also to the extent to which he could cover his liability by insurance .
section 11(4) requires regard to be had to the financial resources of a party claiming the protection of an exemption clause which limits liability by reference to a [named] sum of money , and also to the extent to which he could cover his liability by insurance .

On the question of delivery , cl 2.1 of Precedent 2 imposes the strict obligations of compliance with a specified delivery date upon the seller , which a buyer will normally try to require .
on the question of delivery , cl 2.1 of precedent 2 imposes the strict obligations of compliance with a [named] delivery date upon the seller , which a buyer will normally try to require .

The seller should of course resist such warranties because of their vagueness , and insist that , if he is to give such a warranty , the purpose should be clearly specified in the contract , with sufficient detail to enable him to be sure that the goods that he supplies are in fact suitable for that purpose .
the seller should of course resist such warranties because of their vagueness , and insist that , if he is to give such a warranty , the purpose should be clearly [named] in the contract , with sufficient detail to enable him to be sure that the goods that he supplies are in fact suitable for that purpose .

The Purchaser shall be deemed to have accepted all goods upon their delivery by the Seller to the address specified in the Order .
the purchaser shall be deemed to have accepted all goods upon their delivery by the seller to the address [named] in the order .

4.1 Unless otherwise stated in the Order , the price quoted includes delivery to the address specified in the Order , provided that the Seller reserves the right to make an additional charge to cover any increase in transport costs occurring before the date of delivery .
4.1 unless otherwise stated in the order , the price quoted includes delivery to the address [named] in the order , provided that the seller reserves the right to make an additional charge to cover any increase in transport costs occurring before the date of delivery .

Subject to Condition 14 , and notwithstanding anything contained in these Conditions ( other than Condition 14 ) or the Order , the Seller 's liability to the Purchaser in respect of the Order , in contract , tort ( including negligence or breach of statutory duty ) or howsoever otherwise arising , shall be limited to the price of the goods specified in the Order or [ £ ] whichever is the greater .
subject to condition 14 , and notwithstanding anything contained in these conditions ( other than condition 14 ) or the order , the seller 's liability to the purchaser in respect of the order , in contract , tort ( including negligence or breach of statutory duty ) or howsoever otherwise arising , shall be limited to the price of the goods [named] in the order or [ £ ] whichever is the greater .

1.3 If the goods and/or the work the subject of this order are to be used in carrying out or otherwise in connection with another contract specified overleaf this order shall be subject to the contract conditions of such specified contract in so far as the same are applicable and do not conflict with these purchase conditions .
1.3 if the goods and/or the work the subject of this order are to be used in carrying out or otherwise in connection with another contract [named] overleaf this order shall be subject to the contract conditions of such [named] contract in so far as the same are applicable and do not conflict with these purchase conditions .

The goods shall be delivered and/or the work performed on the date and at the place stated overleaf , and in accordance with the instructions specified overleaf , during normal business hours unless previously arranged otherwise .
the goods shall be delivered and/or the work performed on the date and at the place stated overleaf , and in accordance with the instructions [named] overleaf , during normal business hours unless previously arranged otherwise .

Delivery of goods shall be to the place specified overleaf and terms of carriage shall be as specified overleaf .
delivery of goods shall be to the place [named] overleaf and terms of carriage shall be as [named] overleaf .

In cases where Condition 10.1 does not apply , we shall be obliged to pay you in accordance with the terms specified overleaf upon delivery of the goods to storage , and ( where such storage exceeds 30 days ) we shall reimburse you for your reasonable expenses ( including insurance ) of such storage .
in cases where condition 10.1 does not apply , we shall be obliged to pay you in accordance with the terms [named] overleaf upon delivery of the goods to storage , and ( where such storage exceeds 30 days ) we shall reimburse you for your reasonable expenses ( including insurance ) of such storage .

5.1 Prices , payment terms and currency shall be those specified overleaf .
5.1 prices , payment terms and currency shall be those [named] overleaf .

9.2 You may not , without our written consent , sub-contract this order or part thereof , other than for materials , minor details , or for any part of the goods in respect of which the makers are specified overleaf , or to the extent to which sub-contracting is a trade custom in relation to the subject matter of the order .
9.2 you may not , without our written consent , sub-contract this order or part thereof , other than for materials , minor details , or for any part of the goods in respect of which the makers are [named] overleaf , or to the extent to which sub-contracting is a trade custom in relation to the subject matter of the order .

10.1 If either you or we are delayed or prevented from performing our obligations under this order , by circumstances beyond the reasonable control of either of us , ( including without limitation any form of government intervention , strikes and lock-outs relevant to this order , breakdown of plant or delays by sub-contractors concerned ) such performance shall be suspended , and if it can not be completed within a reasonable time after the due date as specified in this order , this order may be cancelled by either party .
10.1 if either you or we are delayed or prevented from performing our obligations under this order , by circumstances beyond the reasonable control of either of us , ( including without limitation any form of government intervention , strikes and lock-outs relevant to this order , breakdown of plant or delays by sub-contractors concerned ) such performance shall be suspended , and if it can not be completed within a reasonable time after the due date as [named] in this order , this order may be cancelled by either party .

In the event of our cancelling this order as to all or any of the goods and/or the work covered thereby we shall be entitled to purchase from a third party a like quantity of goods of similar description and quality , or a reasonable alternative thereto , bearing in mind our need to take delivery of the goods by the date specified overleaf , or to contract with a third party to perform work of a similar description and quality , and in that event you shall be liable to reimburse to us on demand all expenditure incurred by us in connection with our said cancellation , including any increase in the price over that stated overleaf .
in the event of our cancelling this order as to all or any of the goods and/or the work covered thereby we shall be entitled to purchase from a third party a like quantity of goods of similar description and quality , or a reasonable alternative thereto , bearing in mind our need to take delivery of the goods by the date [named] overleaf , or to contract with a third party to perform work of a similar description and quality , and in that event you shall be liable to reimburse to us on demand all expenditure incurred by us in connection with our said cancellation , including any increase in the price over that stated overleaf .

Act 1974 , I/we [ ] of [ ] having agreed to purchase [ ] ( `` the Article `` ) for use at work , hereby undertake in accordance with the above Section that I/we will implement the Specified Steps as set out below in order to ensure , so far as reasonably practicable , that the Article will be safe and without risks to health when properly so used .
act 1974 , i/we [ ] of [ ] having agreed to purchase [ ] ( `` the article `` ) for use at work , hereby undertake in accordance with the above section that i/we will implement the [named] steps as set out below in order to ensure , so far as reasonably practicable , that the article will be safe and without risks to health when properly so used .

Specified Steps
[named] steps

Whilst the provisions of the agreement should when drafted accurately reflect what the partners desire to happen in certain specified events or , at any rate , what the partners may have agreed as a satisfactory basis for subsequent negotiation or a sufficient fall-back position if those negotiations should break down , they should be kept under regular review .
whilst the provisions of the agreement should when drafted accurately reflect what the partners desire to happen in certain [named] events or , at any rate , what the partners may have agreed as a satisfactory basis for subsequent negotiation or a sufficient fall-back position if those negotiations should break down , they should be kept under regular review .

Equally most firms will want to make express provision for the retirement of their partners , though that need not involve compulsory retirement on attaining a specified age .
equally most firms will want to make express provision for the retirement of their partners , though that need not involve compulsory retirement on attaining a [named] age .

In some firms , interest is agreed to be paid in respect of the partners ' capital accounts ( Clause 7.03 ) : that fact together with the agreed rate should be specified , for it would not be presumed .
in some firms , interest is agreed to be paid in respect of the partners ' capital accounts ( clause 7.03 ) : that fact together with the agreed rate should be [named] , for it would not be presumed .

Maybe , an in terrorem provision to the effect that : ( a ) the ratio for year one should be [ as specified ] ; ( b ) the ratio for future years shall be determined annually by the partners ; and ( c ) pending agreement by the partners , no drawings at all are permitted , would provide the necessary pressure for all partners to approach the matter constructively , but it would be a bold firm which chose such a course .
maybe , an in terrorem provision to the effect that : ( a ) the ratio for year one should be [ as [named] ] ; ( b ) the ratio for future years shall be determined annually by the partners ; and ( c ) pending agreement by the partners , no drawings at all are permitted , would provide the necessary pressure for all partners to approach the matter constructively , but it would be a bold firm which chose such a course .

It will be in everyone 's interest that the precise arrangements are specified , eg whether the partnership has a tenancy or contractual licence to occupy and in consideration of what payments , or whether the property is to be enjoyed rent free , or whether the firm is given only a non-exclusive personal licence which will determine on the death or retirement of the partner who grants the same .
it will be in everyone 's interest that the precise arrangements are [named] , eg whether the partnership has a tenancy or contractual licence to occupy and in consideration of what payments , or whether the property is to be enjoyed rent free , or whether the firm is given only a non-exclusive personal licence which will determine on the death or retirement of the partner who grants the same .

Thus , where at the outset it has been decided ( Clause 12.01 ) to leave the goodwill of the firm out of individual account so as to allow it to enure for the benefit of the continuing practice , or where , for similar reasons , revaluations of partnership assets have been ruled out , this should be specified ( Clause 12.02 ) .
thus , where at the outset it has been decided ( clause 12.01 ) to leave the goodwill of the firm out of individual account so as to allow it to enure for the benefit of the continuing practice , or where , for similar reasons , revaluations of partnership assets have been ruled out , this should be [named] ( clause 12.02 ) .

It should also be possible for extraordinary meetings of partners to be convened on reasonable notice ( Clause 17.04 ) ; by any one partner ( in a small or medium sized firm ) or a specified number ( in a larger concern ) .
it should also be possible for extraordinary meetings of partners to be convened on reasonable notice ( clause 17.04 ) ; by any one partner ( in a small or medium sized firm ) or a [named] number ( in a larger concern ) .

Some arrangement for instant decision taking ( by , for example , the senior partner and/or a specified number of other partners ) without prior consultation might also be introduced to cope with emergencies .
some arrangement for instant decision taking ( by , for example , the senior partner and/or a [named] number of other partners ) without prior consultation might also be introduced to cope with emergencies .

It would , however , be proper for a circular letter to indicate that in the absence of any contrary indication within a specified period the client 's affairs would be acted upon in accordance with instructions previously given to the acquired firm .
it would , however , be proper for a circular letter to indicate that in the absence of any contrary indication within a [named] period the client 's affairs would be acted upon in accordance with instructions previously given to the acquired firm .

No rule of law or the profession , therefore , prevents him from entering into a contract by which he undertakes not to act for a specified class of person .
no rule of law or the profession , therefore , prevents him from entering into a contract by which he undertakes not to act for a [named] class of person .

The expression " breach of warranty " is often used in disputes about deferred consideration , when vendors are said in the agreement to " warrant " that the profits reach a specified figure , and the purchasers seek a repayment from the vendors to compensate them for that loss , in most cases calculated on a pre-agreed formula : if the profits exceed the specified figure , the vendors may be entitled to additional consideration .
the expression " breach of warranty " is often used in disputes about deferred consideration , when vendors are said in the agreement to " warrant " that the profits reach a [named] figure , and the purchasers seek a repayment from the vendors to compensate them for that loss , in most cases calculated on a pre-agreed formula : if the profits exceed the [named] figure , the vendors may be entitled to additional consideration .

Expert determination must be expressly specified in the agreement .
expert determination must be expressly [named] in the agreement .

Commercial contracts often contain time bars which seek to prevent claims after a specified date .
commercial contracts often contain time bars which seek to prevent claims after a [named] date .

As has already been seen in the earlier chapters , the professions most often specified are surveyors , accountants , actuaries and engineers .
as has already been seen in the earlier chapters , the professions most often [named] are surveyors , accountants , actuaries and engineers .

It is probably unnecessary to specify the president , as the relevant institution 's procedures will be similar even if the president is not specified .
it is probably unnecessary to specify the president , as the relevant institution 's procedures will be similar even if the president is not [named] .

On the one hand , he may include individual parking spaces within each demise ; on the other , he may grant each tenant a general right to park cars , either limited to a specified number of cars per tenant or on a daily `` first come first served `` basis .
on the one hand , he may include individual parking spaces within each demise ; on the other , he may grant each tenant a general right to park cars , either limited to a [named] number of cars per tenant or on a daily `` first come first served `` basis .

The inclusion of specified car parking spaces within each demise has the advantage that each tenant knows precisely how many cars he ( or his staff or visitors ) may park , and where .
the inclusion of [named] car parking spaces within each demise has the advantage that each tenant knows precisely how many cars he ( or his staff or visitors ) may park , and where .

Features that will tend towards a tenancy at will are : ( 1 ) the absence of a right of re-entry ; ( 2 ) the absence of onerous repairing covenants ; ( 3 ) the absence of a prohibition against assignment ; ( 4 ) the absence of any specified period of notice ; ( 5 ) a rent payable on demand .
features that will tend towards a tenancy at will are : ( 1 ) the absence of a right of re-entry ; ( 2 ) the absence of onerous repairing covenants ; ( 3 ) the absence of a prohibition against assignment ; ( 4 ) the absence of any [named] period of notice ; ( 5 ) a rent payable on demand .

The usual way in which his power is circumscribed is by limiting it to a right to break for certain specified purposes .
the usual way in which his power is circumscribed is by limiting it to a right to break for certain [named] purposes .

The most satisfactory solution for the landlord ( and probably for the tenant ) is for the power to break to be modelled closely on the provisions of the Landlord and Tenant Act 1954 , s30 ( 1 ) ( f ) or ( g ) and for the power to be exercisable on or after a specified date .
the most satisfactory solution for the landlord ( and probably for the tenant ) is for the power to break to be modelled closely on the provisions of the landlord and tenant act 1954 , s30 ( 1 ) ( f ) or ( g ) and for the power to be exercisable on or after a [named] date .

( d ) Terms of the new lease The terms of the new lease should be clearly specified in the grant of the option .
( d ) terms of the new lease the terms of the new lease should be clearly [named] in the grant of the option .

Example 3:11 Option to renew ( 1 ) The tenant may by notice in writing served not less than six months before the date on which the term hereby granted is expressed to expire call upon the landlord for a further lease of the demised property ( `` the further lease `` ) provided that up to that date he has paid the rent and reasonably performed and observed his covenants ( 2 ) The further lease shall be for a term of ten years from the said date upon the same terms and conditions as this lease ( save as to rent and as to this option for renewal ) and at a rent to be agreed between the parties or in default of agreement to be determined by a single arbitrator to be appointed by the President for the time being of the Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors ( 3 ) In determining the rent payable under the further lease the arbitrator shall have the same powers as would be enjoyed by the court determining a rent for the demised property under section 34 of the Landlord and Tenant Act 1954 and shall disregard the same matters as are therein specified ( 4 ) This option shall be of no effect if the tenant fails to register it as an estate contract within three months from the date of this lease Example 3:12 Option to renew contracted out tenancy If : ( 1 ) the tenant wishes to take a further tenancy of the demised property for a term of five years from the expiry date of the term hereby created ; and ( 2 ) the tenant gives written notice of his desire to the landlord not more than six nor less than three months before the expiry of the term ; and ( 3 ) up to the date of the notice the tenant has paid the rent and substantially performed his covenants ; and ( 4 ) the tenant joins with the landlord in making an application to the court for an order authorising the exclusion of the provisions of ss24-28 of the Landlord and Tenant Act 1954 in relation to the further tenancy ; and ( 5 ) the court makes such an order then the landlord shall let the demised property to the tenant for a term of five years from the expiry of the term hereby created at a rent to be agreed between the parties or in default of agreement to be determined by arbitration and otherwise upon the terms of this lease ( except this option for renewal ) Example 3:13 Clause negativing perpetual renewal Nothing in this clause shall entitle the tenant to renew the tenancy for any term expiring more than twenty years after the beginning of the term of this lease
example 3:11 option to renew ( 1 ) the tenant may by notice in writing served not less than six months before the date on which the term hereby granted is expressed to expire call upon the landlord for a further lease of the demised property ( `` the further lease `` ) provided that up to that date he has paid the rent and reasonably performed and observed his covenants ( 2 ) the further lease shall be for a term of ten years from the said date upon the same terms and conditions as this lease ( save as to rent and as to this option for renewal ) and at a rent to be agreed between the parties or in default of agreement to be determined by a single arbitrator to be appointed by the president for the time being of the royal institution of chartered surveyors ( 3 ) in determining the rent payable under the further lease the arbitrator shall have the same powers as would be enjoyed by the court determining a rent for the demised property under section 34 of the landlord and tenant act 1954 and shall disregard the same matters as are therein [named] ( 4 ) this option shall be of no effect if the tenant fails to register it as an estate contract within three months from the date of this lease example 3:12 option to renew contracted out tenancy if : ( 1 ) the tenant wishes to take a further tenancy of the demised property for a term of five years from the expiry date of the term hereby created ; and ( 2 ) the tenant gives written notice of his desire to the landlord not more than six nor less than three months before the expiry of the term ; and ( 3 ) up to the date of the notice the tenant has paid the rent and substantially performed his covenants ; and ( 4 ) the tenant joins with the landlord in making an application to the court for an order authorising the exclusion of the provisions of ss24-28 of the landlord and tenant act 1954 in relation to the further tenancy ; and ( 5 ) the court makes such an order then the landlord shall let the demised property to the tenant for a term of five years from the expiry of the term hereby created at a rent to be agreed between the parties or in default of agreement to be determined by arbitration and otherwise upon the terms of this lease ( except this option for renewal ) example 3:13 clause negativing perpetual renewal nothing in this clause shall entitle the tenant to renew the tenancy for any term expiring more than twenty years after the beginning of the term of this lease

Allied to the indexation of rent is the reservation of rent calculated by reference to the price of some specified commodity , such as gold , or by reference to the value of the pound in relation to a foreign currency .
allied to the indexation of rent is the reservation of rent calculated by reference to the price of some [named] commodity , such as gold , or by reference to the value of the pound in relation to a foreign currency .

First , the draftsman may provide that a specified proportion of the premium be paid by the headtenant to the landlord .
first , the draftsman may provide that a [named] proportion of the premium be paid by the headtenant to the landlord .

Where the parties have not only required a step to be taken within a specified time but have expressly provided for the consequences in case of default , this provides an indication , of greater or less strength , that time is to be of the essence , but it is not necessarily decisive .
where the parties have not only required a step to be taken within a [named] time but have expressly provided for the consequences in case of default , this provides an indication , of greater or less strength , that time is to be of the essence , but it is not necessarily decisive .

This may be done by conferring on the tenant a right to serve a late notice in the event that the rent has not been determined in accordance with the timetable specified in the lease .
this may be done by conferring on the tenant a right to serve a late notice in the event that the rent has not been determined in accordance with the timetable [named] in the lease .

Example 4:10 Tenant 's power to make time of the essence ( 1 ) if the landlord fails to take any step in the procedure for rent review within a period of time prescribed by this lease ( whether or not that step could also have been taken by the tenant ) the tenant may give the landlord written notice : ( a ) referring to the step which the landlord has failed to take ( b ) requiring the landlord to take that step within such period of not less than 21 days as may be specified in the notice and ( c ) informing the landlord that if he fails to take that step within the period specified in the notice he will be precluded thereafter from taking it and that time is of the essence of the period so specified ( 2 ) if the landlord fails to take the step specified in a notice under paragraph ( 1 ) within the time specified in that notice ( time being of the essence ) he shall thereafter be precluded from taking it
example 4:10 tenant 's power to make time of the essence ( 1 ) if the landlord fails to take any step in the procedure for rent review within a period of time prescribed by this lease ( whether or not that step could also have been taken by the tenant ) the tenant may give the landlord written notice : ( a ) referring to the step which the landlord has failed to take ( b ) requiring the landlord to take that step within such period of not less than 21 days as may be [named] in the notice and ( c ) informing the landlord that if he fails to take that step within the period [named] in the notice he will be precluded thereafter from taking it and that time is of the essence of the period so [named] ( 2 ) if the landlord fails to take the step [named] in a notice under paragraph ( 1 ) within the time [named] in that notice ( time being of the essence ) he shall thereafter be precluded from taking it

Nevertheless , it is common that preference shares with a right to a cumulative dividend obtain voting rights if the dividend is in arrears for a specified period .
nevertheless , it is common that preference shares with a right to a cumulative dividend obtain voting rights if the dividend is in arrears for a [named] period .

This can often be harsh to an employee who may well have contributed fully to enhancing the value of the company and may wish to retain his shares ; sometimes exceptions to a provision of this kind can be specified .
this can often be harsh to an employee who may well have contributed fully to enhancing the value of the company and may wish to retain his shares ; sometimes exceptions to a provision of this kind can be [named] .

As a result it is common in mandatory transfer notice provisions to see `` good and bad leader `` provisions , so that management who `` walk out `` within a specified period after completion are penalised by receiving an amount equal to the lower of market value or the amount they initially subscribed .
as a result it is common in mandatory transfer notice provisions to see `` good and bad leader `` provisions , so that management who `` walk out `` within a [named] period after completion are penalised by receiving an amount equal to the lower of market value or the amount they initially subscribed .

Accordingly , the investor may seek to include a provision whereby if the investor wishes to sell a specified percentage of the equity , then the other shareholders must follow suit and sell at the same price per share .
accordingly , the investor may seek to include a provision whereby if the investor wishes to sell a [named] percentage of the equity , then the other shareholders must follow suit and sell at the same price per share .

The most important of these will be specified in the Articles of Association , and may well oblige the manager to sell his shares at a price probably less than market value .
the most important of these will be [named] in the articles of association , and may well oblige the manager to sell his shares at a price probably less than market value .

In such a situation the purchaser will normally be willing to take over the vendor 's liabilities up to a specified maximum or as specifically itemised in completion accounts .
in such a situation the purchaser will normally be willing to take over the vendor 's liabilities up to a [named] maximum or as specifically itemised in completion accounts .

The distinction in the due diligence exercise is that , with an asset sale , the purchaser is verifying the existence and ownership of specified assets and liabilities , but with the share sale the purchaser 's exercise is to check the non-existence of certain matters .
the distinction in the due diligence exercise is that , with an asset sale , the purchaser is verifying the existence and ownership of [named] assets and liabilities , but with the share sale the purchaser 's exercise is to check the non-existence of certain matters .

This is normally dealt with by specifying in the heads that all its contents are subject to contract except for specified paragraphs .
this is normally dealt with by specifying in the heads that all its contents are subject to contract except for [named] paragraphs .

It is common for the articles of association of a company that is a management buy-out vehicle , a joint venture company , or which is owned by multiple shareholders to provide that the sale of the assets and undertaking of the company requires the consent of specified individuals .
it is common for the articles of association of a company that is a management buy-out vehicle , a joint venture company , or which is owned by multiple shareholders to provide that the sale of the assets and undertaking of the company requires the consent of [named] individuals .

If these contracts require consent to assign or novate the purchaser may insist that completion only takes place once a specified number of consents have been given or , in particular , consents in relation to the most important contracts comprising a specified percentage of annual turnover .
if these contracts require consent to assign or novate the purchaser may insist that completion only takes place once a [named] number of consents have been given or , in particular , consents in relation to the most important contracts comprising a [named] percentage of annual turnover .

In addition to , the purchaser will normally base the price on the assignment or novation of all contracts and provide that the price reduces on an agreed formula if any consents are not obtained within a specified period .
in addition to , the purchaser will normally base the price on the assignment or novation of all contracts and provide that the price reduces on an agreed formula if any consents are not obtained within a [named] period .

For the sake of clarity , one possible solution is to provide that the SSAPs to be used are those that applied at a specified date even if changed subsequently between exchange and completion .
for the sake of clarity , one possible solution is to provide that the ssaps to be used are those that applied at a [named] date even if changed subsequently between exchange and completion .

Rather its provisions will deem the transfer to be treated as if it took place on an earlier specified date .
rather its provisions will deem the transfer to be treated as if it took place on an earlier [named] date .

For example , if the business is heavily dependent on numerous long-term contracts , a purchaser may decide to investigate the contracts equating to a specified percentage of the turnover of the business plus one or two minor contracts .
for example , if the business is heavily dependent on numerous long-term contracts , a purchaser may decide to investigate the contracts equating to a [named] percentage of the turnover of the business plus one or two minor contracts .

There is no specified consultation period but the employer must give the specified information to the union `` long enough `` before the sale to enable consultations to take place .
there is no [named] consultation period but the employer must give the [named] information to the union `` long enough `` before the sale to enable consultations to take place .

Announcing its decision , the Department of Environment said it had responded to three main criticisms : i ) the register would have listed all potential , not necessarily actual , contaminated sites , since it included all locations where specified industries had been sited ; ii ) sites would not be removed from the register , even if after clean-up ; iii ) there was no specific provision for determining who should bear the liability , and the costs , of the clean-up .
announcing its decision , the department of environment said it had responded to three main criticisms : i ) the register would have listed all potential , not necessarily actual , contaminated sites , since it included all locations where [named] industries had been sited ; ii ) sites would not be removed from the register , even if after clean-up ; iii ) there was no specific provision for determining who should bear the liability , and the costs , of the clean-up .

The five-point agreement provides for : i ) standards for good forest management ; ii ) independent monitoring to verify that these standards are met ; iii ) a tracing mechanism to check that timber does indeed originate from the source specified by the agents ; iv ) certification by an independent organization ; and v ) labelling for the consumer .
the five-point agreement provides for : i ) standards for good forest management ; ii ) independent monitoring to verify that these standards are met ; iii ) a tracing mechanism to check that timber does indeed originate from the source [named] by the agents ; iv ) certification by an independent organization ; and v ) labelling for the consumer .

Each would have specified permitted levels of chemical and other pollutants and target levels of oxygen .
each would have [named] permitted levels of chemical and other pollutants and target levels of oxygen .

It is specified in advance .
it is [named] in advance .

There is nothing special about the particular Mont Blanc that we know , nothing specified in advance , nothing equivalent to the plane taking off , or equivalent to the safe door swinging open and the money tumbling out .
there is nothing special about the particular mont blanc that we know , nothing [named] in advance , nothing equivalent to the plane taking off , or equivalent to the safe door swinging open and the money tumbling out .

In the case of living things , the quality that is specified in advance is , in some sense , `` proficiency `` ; either proficiency in a particular ability such as flying , as an aero-engineer might admire it ; or proficiency in something more general , such as the ability to stave off death , or the ability to propagate genes in reproduction .
in the case of living things , the quality that is [named] in advance is , in some sense , `` proficiency `` ; either proficiency in a particular ability such as flying , as an aero-engineer might admire it ; or proficiency in something more general , such as the ability to stave off death , or the ability to propagate genes in reproduction .

Yet it is the idea that men should have power over women , coupled with the belief that women have a particular ‘ role ’ — much more closely specified than is any corresponding male ‘ role ’ , that is coming to be questioned .
yet it is the idea that men should have power over women , coupled with the belief that women have a particular ‘ role ’ — much more closely [named] than is any corresponding male ‘ role ’ , that is coming to be questioned .

The chief thing to remember is that all these soups — unless otherwise specified — must be made with plain water .
the chief thing to remember is that all these soups — unless otherwise [named] — must be made with plain water .

He burnt a specified part with certain portions of fat ( or the entire animal in the case of the burnt-offering ) .
he burnt a [named] part with certain portions of fat ( or the entire animal in the case of the burnt-offering ) .

Standard referential communication tasks have used a structured setting and precisely specified tasks with the emphasis on the accurate transmission of referential information .
standard referential communication tasks have used a structured setting and precisely [named] tasks with the emphasis on the accurate transmission of referential information .

The second notable point is the one which , when the remit was published , led to much criticism of it , and which is registered in paragraph 1 of the minority report signed by three of the nine members remaining from the ten who at the outset composed the Committee : Certainly , the terms of reference specified industrial democracy as an extension of the activities of trade unions into the control of enterprises , other than public sector enterprises , by which the members of those unions were employed .
the second notable point is the one which , when the remit was published , led to much criticism of it , and which is registered in paragraph 1 of the minority report signed by three of the nine members remaining from the ten who at the outset composed the committee : certainly , the terms of reference [named] industrial democracy as an extension of the activities of trade unions into the control of enterprises , other than public sector enterprises , by which the members of those unions were employed .

So it is especially a matter for satisfaction that the signatories nevertheless provided a chapter in support of the specified objective .
so it is especially a matter for satisfaction that the signatories nevertheless provided a chapter in support of the [named] objective .

Anyway , it is in Chapter 3 that is mainly to be sought any justification for the conclusion , in advance of the Committee 's work , that industrial democracy in the particular form specified by the remit was necessary or desirable in the general interest .
anyway , it is in chapter 3 that is mainly to be sought any justification for the conclusion , in advance of the committee 's work , that industrial democracy in the particular form [named] by the remit was necessary or desirable in the general interest .

Although third party claims may be made in all areas of international law , the topic will be examined only in three specified areas .
although third party claims may be made in all areas of international law , the topic will be examined only in three [named] areas .

It is not a condition that the third State be specified by name provided it is clear from the context or surrounding circumstances what State is intended , or that a group or class of States is intended of which the claiming State is a member .
it is not a condition that the third state be [named] by name provided it is clear from the context or surrounding circumstances what state is intended , or that a group or class of states is intended of which the claiming state is a member .

Neither the individual State responsibility of a State that concludes a treaty contrary to jus cogens , nor the rights of third States where a treaty violates a peremptory norm of international law are specified .
neither the individual state responsibility of a state that concludes a treaty contrary to jus cogens , nor the rights of third states where a treaty violates a peremptory norm of international law are [named] .

Treaties void ab initio are stated to be ‘ of no legal effect ’ or ‘ void ’ but without any reference to procedures to give effect to the voidness , while for voidable treaties it is specified that the State affected by the defect may raise the defect to invalidate its consent .
treaties void ab initio are stated to be ‘ of no legal effect ’ or ‘ void ’ but without any reference to procedures to give effect to the voidness , while for voidable treaties it is [named] that the state affected by the defect may raise the defect to invalidate its consent .

This could be resolved by requiring that the more certain method ( acceptance in writing ) apply to such a ‘ mixed ’ treaty , but this is not specified .
this could be resolved by requiring that the more certain method ( acceptance in writing ) apply to such a ‘ mixed ’ treaty , but this is not [named] .

The effect of a devolution agreement is not specified , so that many of the problems discussed by O'Connell remain .
the effect of a devolution agreement is not [named] , so that many of the problems discussed by o'connell remain .

The claim in Costa Rica v Nicaragua was based upon a bilateral agreement whereby Costa Rica acquired specified rights .
the claim in costa rica v nicaragua was based upon a bilateral agreement whereby costa rica acquired [named] rights .

The Court advised that the exclusive power of referral to arbitration belonged to the Mixed Commission , which had been established by the parties as a separate legal entity with specified functions .
the court advised that the exclusive power of referral to arbitration belonged to the mixed commission , which had been established by the parties as a separate legal entity with [named] functions .

To some extent perhaps they were the victims of their own official attitude to what was happening — as when the French Ambassador in London told Eden that a French civil and military resistance organization in Vietnam had the general support of the army and the civil population : whether this was the French or the Vietnamese population was apparently not specified — but in their Declaration of 24 March 1945 the Provisional French Government implied that all the peoples of Indochina were fighting for a common cause ; which was that of the entire French community .
to some extent perhaps they were the victims of their own official attitude to what was happening — as when the french ambassador in london told eden that a french civil and military resistance organization in vietnam had the general support of the army and the civil population : whether this was the french or the vietnamese population was apparently not [named] — but in their declaration of 24 march 1945 the provisional french government implied that all the peoples of indochina were fighting for a common cause ; which was that of the entire french community .

Although the Master was not allowed any wages or salary for his teaching beyond the £10 specified in the bequest , he was not prevented from taking other paid duties to supplement his income , perhaps for example serving a local family in its chapel .
although the master was not allowed any wages or salary for his teaching beyond the £10 [named] in the bequest , he was not prevented from taking other paid duties to supplement his income , perhaps for example serving a local family in its chapel .

Sir Edmond 's will had specified , however , only that the Master should teach `` all man persons children `` .
sir edmond 's will had [named] , however , only that the master should teach `` all man persons children `` .

The air traffic control clearance at Keflavik specified that the aircraft maintain an altitude of 28,000′ and this altitude was flown until near Prince Christian .
the air traffic control clearance at keflavik [named] that the aircraft maintain an altitude of 28,000′ and this altitude was flown until near prince christian .

The Library Association standards for college of education libraries ( 1967 ) specified ( p.10 ) :
the library association standards for college of education libraries ( 1967 ) [named] ( p.10 ) :

Leadership is all about securing the high performance of a team to achieve a specified goal .
leadership is all about securing the high performance of a team to achieve a [named] goal .

To calculate Feynman tells us that we should think of all the different ways in which an old-fashioned electron with classically picturable simultaneous position and momentum could travel from the source through slit 1 and onto the specified point on the second screen .
to calculate feynman tells us that we should think of all the different ways in which an old-fashioned electron with classically picturable simultaneous position and momentum could travel from the source through slit 1 and onto the [named] point on the second screen .

In other words , as the location is better specified ( decreasing ) , the momentum is further spread out ( the uncertainty Ap increases ) , and vice versa .
in other words , as the location is better [named] ( decreasing ) , the momentum is further spread out ( the uncertainty ap increases ) , and vice versa .

Loss of deposit or cancellation charges up to the total ( excluding the insurance premiums ) holiday invoice cost due to Amsterdam Travel Service as a result of cancellation due to illness or injury , etc as specified in the insurance synopsis .
loss of deposit or cancellation charges up to the total ( excluding the insurance premiums ) holiday invoice cost due to amsterdam travel service as a result of cancellation due to illness or injury , etc as [named] in the insurance synopsis .

If you are kept waiting at any airport , hoverport or seaport because the departure of your scheduled aircraft , hovercraft or ship , is delayed from the time specified in your Amsterdam Travel Confirmation of Booking invoice , then you can claim benefit in accordance with the following scale .
if you are kept waiting at any airport , hoverport or seaport because the departure of your scheduled aircraft , hovercraft or ship , is delayed from the time [named] in your amsterdam travel confirmation of booking invoice , then you can claim benefit in accordance with the following scale .

Barnes ' will specified that the foundation be established as an educational institution , a mission that will be eliminated when the paintings go on tour , the students say .
barnes ' will [named] that the foundation be established as an educational institution , a mission that will be eliminated when the paintings go on tour , the students say .

The heightened interest in underwater archaeology caused by the find of the Brindisi bronzes has prompted the new Ministro per i Beni Culturali , Alberto Ronchey , to propose changes in the law : first , to extend the limit of Italian territorial waters beyond the six miles off the coast currently in force and beyond the seabed on the continental shelf ( no distance has yet been specified ) ; second , to consider allocating underwater ‘ concessions ’ to non-government teams who would take a course in the theory and practice of underwater excavation and make up the shortfall in trained divers .
the heightened interest in underwater archaeology caused by the find of the brindisi bronzes has prompted the new ministro per i beni culturali , alberto ronchey , to propose changes in the law : first , to extend the limit of italian territorial waters beyond the six miles off the coast currently in force and beyond the seabed on the continental shelf ( no distance has yet been [named] ) ; second , to consider allocating underwater ‘ concessions ’ to non-government teams who would take a course in the theory and practice of underwater excavation and make up the shortfall in trained divers .

If large goals are broken down into small specified short-term tasks , a sense of purpose is created .
if large goals are broken down into small [named] short-term tasks , a sense of purpose is created .

Member States would normally be given eighteen months within which to incorporate the directive objectives into their domestic laws , but it may well be that in this case a shorter period is specified .
member states would normally be given eighteen months within which to incorporate the directive objectives into their domestic laws , but it may well be that in this case a shorter period is [named] .

They could involve matching a variety of situations or uses to a list of products or a list of items using those products ; they could involve putting the benefits of the product in order of merit or they could take the form of a question and answer quiz with specified answers from which to choose .
they could involve matching a variety of situations or uses to a list of products or a list of items using those products ; they could involve putting the benefits of the product in order of merit or they could take the form of a question and answer quiz with [named] answers from which to choose .

For a verb such as ’ collide ’ , all that is specified by the case restrictions is that the object case can be any inanimate entity .
for a verb such as ’ collide ’ , all that is [named] by the case restrictions is that the object case can be any inanimate entity .

The sprouting process involves the creation of a semantic tree from a specified root , organising the results of the head-finding into a ’ hyponym index ’ .
the sprouting process involves the creation of a semantic tree from a [named] root , organising the results of the head-finding into a ’ hyponym index ’ .

At the same time his wardenship of the march was confirmed and made hereditary , and to support the office he was given specified royal lands and rights in Cumberland together with 10,000 marks .
at the same time his wardenship of the march was confirmed and made hereditary , and to support the office he was given [named] royal lands and rights in cumberland together with 10,000 marks .

On the most general level Foucault 's society of normalisation is in danger of being as rigidly functional , tending towards a necessary social equilibrium , as Talcott Parsons ' , particularly as both the resistances and the individual internalisations are not specified : social control seems to be absolute .
on the most general level foucault 's society of normalisation is in danger of being as rigidly functional , tending towards a necessary social equilibrium , as talcott parsons ' , particularly as both the resistances and the individual internalisations are not [named] : social control seems to be absolute .

It is not just a series of acts , not a collection of bodies which can be eroticised , but a thing in itself , with its general causations and specified effects .
it is not just a series of acts , not a collection of bodies which can be eroticised , but a thing in itself , with its general causations and [named] effects .

Activities beyond those specified in the Statutes are essentially extra voluntary provisions made for the benefit of members of Convocation .
activities beyond those [named] in the statutes are essentially extra voluntary provisions made for the benefit of members of convocation .

If your parcel is lost or damaged , compensation may be paid up the specified limit according to the fee paid .
if your parcel is lost or damaged , compensation may be paid up the [named] limit according to the fee paid .

Parcels will not be delivered until a specified sum ( the Trade Charge ) has been collected on sender 's behalf .
parcels will not be delivered until a [named] sum ( the trade charge ) has been collected on sender 's behalf .

Return flights as specified in the price panels .
return flights as [named] in the price panels .

‘ Where a person designs , manufactures , imports or supplies an article for or to another on the basis of a written undertaking by that other to take specified steps sufficient to ensure , so far as is reasonably practicable , that the article will be safe and without risks to health when properly used , the undertaking shall have the effect of relieving the first-mentioned person from the duty imposed by paragraph ( 1 ) ( a ) to such extent as is reasonable having regard to the terms of the undertaking . ’
‘ where a person designs , manufactures , imports or supplies an article for or to another on the basis of a written undertaking by that other to take [named] steps sufficient to ensure , so far as is reasonably practicable , that the article will be safe and without risks to health when properly used , the undertaking shall have the effect of relieving the first-mentioned person from the duty imposed by paragraph ( 1 ) ( a ) to such extent as is reasonable having regard to the terms of the undertaking . ’

issue a prohibition notice if there is a risk of serious personal injury , to stop the activity giving rise to this risk , until the remedial action specified in the notice has been taken .
issue a prohibition notice if there is a risk of serious personal injury , to stop the activity giving rise to this risk , until the remedial action [named] in the notice has been taken .

issue an improvement notice to remedy the fault within a specified time .
issue an improvement notice to remedy the fault within a [named] time .

Probably most parents subscribe to this view , and while they may not deliberately choose particular methods of child care to bring about a specified long-term outcome , their belief in the association may well make them feel an added responsibility .
probably most parents subscribe to this view , and while they may not deliberately choose particular methods of child care to bring about a [named] long-term outcome , their belief in the association may well make them feel an added responsibility .

Freud , however , was not content merely to make the general assertion ; he went further in stipulating the kinds of experience that would produce particular kinds of results if encountered at specified stages of development .
freud , however , was not content merely to make the general assertion ; he went further in stipulating the kinds of experience that would produce particular kinds of results if encountered at [named] stages of development .

The problem of bridging the gap between early experience and later personality has for the time being been shelved , and questions are being asked instead about what is indeed the logically prior problem : whether and in what way infants of various ages are affected by specified environmental happenings .
the problem of bridging the gap between early experience and later personality has for the time being been shelved , and questions are being asked instead about what is indeed the logically prior problem : whether and in what way infants of various ages are affected by [named] environmental happenings .

To support himself and his followers a daimyo took as tax a specified proportion of the harvest in all areas under his control .
to support himself and his followers a daimyo took as tax a [named] proportion of the harvest in all areas under his control .

With a talk , the topic is specified in advance and you will be expected to keep to your brief .
with a talk , the topic is [named] in advance and you will be expected to keep to your brief .

b ) In cases where a Default Notice has not been served because it is not required under the Consumer Credit Act , we shall send you a letter of demand , requiring repayment of a specified sum .
b ) in cases where a default notice has not been served because it is not required under the consumer credit act , we shall send you a letter of demand , requiring repayment of a [named] sum .

Aristotle had implied that an explanation was never complete unless a final cause had been specified .
aristotle had implied that an explanation was never complete unless a final cause had been [named] .

Whereas the esoteric practices of the alchemist were insufficiently specified to be repeatable , modern science has been characterized by the repeatability of control experiments .
whereas the esoteric practices of the alchemist were insufficiently [named] to be repeatable , modern science has been characterized by the repeatability of control experiments .

The offences causing the injury were not specified , although offences committed against a member of the offender 's own family would not be compensated .
the offences causing the injury were not [named] , although offences committed against a member of the offender 's own family would not be compensated .

On passing a sentence of imprisonment of two years or less the Act empowered a court to suspend the sentence by ordering that it should not take effect unless during a specified period the offender committed another offence punishable by imprisonment .
on passing a sentence of imprisonment of two years or less the act empowered a court to suspend the sentence by ordering that it should not take effect unless during a [named] period the offender committed another offence punishable by imprisonment .

’ Belt loops were specified for the first time , and the khaki trousers were not to bear branch-coloured leg stripes .
’ belt loops were [named] for the first time , and the khaki trousers were not to bear branch-coloured leg stripes .

Its uses for other social purposes , however , would need to be specified and justified in relation to the context .
its uses for other social purposes , however , would need to be [named] and justified in relation to the context .

As specified proceedings under section 41 of the Act the court shall appoint a guardian ad litem — a player not referred to at all in the article .
as [named] proceedings under section 41 of the act the court shall appoint a guardian ad litem — a player not referred to at all in the article .

The form should be completed as specified in sections 3–7 .
the form should be completed as [named] in sections 3–7 .

The form requires only the Table Number for photocomposition to be specified .
the form requires only the table number for photocomposition to be [named] .

The Current Version will always be the one(s) transferred unless otherwise specified in the comments section .
the current version will always be the one(s) transferred unless otherwise [named] in the comments section .

When a single entry is to be processed the identifier should be specified in the Start column .
when a single entry is to be processed the identifier should be [named] in the start column .

a headword can be specified in the Finish column . This represents the last entry to be proofed with all entries lying between the two headwords also being proofed
a headword can be [named] in the finish column . this represents the last entry to be proofed with all entries lying between the two headwords also being proofed

a number can be specified in the Number box .
a number can be [named] in the number box .

This represents the number of entries subsequent the specified print sequence number which are also to be proofed .
this represents the number of entries subsequent the [named] print sequence number which are also to be proofed .

an Headword can be specified in the Finish column .
an headword can be [named] in the finish column .

a number can be specified in the Number box .
a number can be [named] in the number box .

This represents the number of entries subsequent the specified print sequence number which are also to be cross-referenced .
this represents the number of entries subsequent the [named] print sequence number which are also to be cross-referenced .

For the printed reports , a particular sequence may be specified . This included :
for the printed reports , a particular sequence may be [named] . this included :

recorded padded out where necessary with a specified character ( e.g. null ) ?
recorded padded out where necessary with a [named] character ( e.g. null ) ?

This has led some commentators to observe that it is possible to find an individual of either sex who will show almost any specified degree of any ability that we might care to select .
this has led some commentators to observe that it is possible to find an individual of either sex who will show almost any [named] degree of any ability that we might care to select .

Within hours , the new recruit may have agreed , explicitly or implicitly , to objectives , tasks to be performed , hours of work , codes of behaviour , boss-subordinate relationships , work territory , and so on , all in exchange for specified rewards , usually monetary , and unspecified promises , such as promotion .
within hours , the new recruit may have agreed , explicitly or implicitly , to objectives , tasks to be performed , hours of work , codes of behaviour , boss-subordinate relationships , work territory , and so on , all in exchange for [named] rewards , usually monetary , and unspecified promises , such as promotion .

Their functions are usually clearly specified , their membership restricted , their control over resources limited , often in writing .
their functions are usually clearly [named] , their membership restricted , their control over resources limited , often in writing .

This has been reinforced by the threat that contracts will be switched to alternative providers if the standards specified by purchasers are not met .
this has been reinforced by the threat that contracts will be switched to alternative providers if the standards [named] by purchasers are not met .

This includes providing additional services through primary care teams , negotiating for the provision of some outpatient services in practices , changing prescribing patterns to obtain better value for money , and using those hospitals that are prepared to deliver the standard of care specified by fundholders .
this includes providing additional services through primary care teams , negotiating for the provision of some outpatient services in practices , changing prescribing patterns to obtain better value for money , and using those hospitals that are prepared to deliver the standard of care [named] by fundholders .

Firstly , the results may simply be due to chance since a search for clusters is likely to reveal some spatial aggregations of cases even if there is no causal explanation : this is particularly true if the age groups , areas , calendar periods , and diagnostic groups to be studied are not specified in advance .
firstly , the results may simply be due to chance since a search for clusters is likely to reveal some spatial aggregations of cases even if there is no causal explanation : this is particularly true if the age groups , areas , calendar periods , and diagnostic groups to be studied are not [named] in advance .

Just as significantly , it betrays Henry the Liberal 's view of feudalism as a clearly defined contract in which the holder of a specified fief of land performed a set amount of military service for the privilege ; and , in cases where he had fiefs of several lords , had the obligation to recognize one homage as overriding .
just as significantly , it betrays henry the liberal 's view of feudalism as a clearly defined contract in which the holder of a [named] fief of land performed a set amount of military service for the privilege ; and , in cases where he had fiefs of several lords , had the obligation to recognize one homage as overriding .

It should be possible to search for specified strings of text and modify these either individually or collectively .
it should be possible to search for [named] strings of text and modify these either individually or collectively .

The interview elements ( a ) , ( f ) and ( h ) may also be more restricted , but should include those elements specified in the designer 's questions .
the interview elements ( a ) , ( f ) and ( h ) may also be more restricted , but should include those elements [named] in the designer 's questions .

The general attitude was that dealers were paid to sell specified stock , and only that stock — not to discuss the market generally .
the general attitude was that dealers were paid to sell [named] stock , and only that stock — not to discuss the market generally .

In these cases ( except perhaps in 2.6–8 ) it is only the fourth trangression that is specified , almost certainly because the fourth is so climactic that the others may be left out of consideration .
in these cases ( except perhaps in 2.6–8 ) it is only the fourth trangression that is [named] , almost certainly because the fourth is so climactic that the others may be left out of consideration .

As with the data manipulation unit , these units are able to carry out any one of an appropriate set of operations when signalled by the control unit ; for example , to read a digit punched on paper tape and store it in a specified store location or to retrieve a digit from a specified store location and print it on an electric typewriter .
as with the data manipulation unit , these units are able to carry out any one of an appropriate set of operations when signalled by the control unit ; for example , to read a digit punched on paper tape and store it in a [named] store location or to retrieve a digit from a [named] store location and print it on an electric typewriter .

Input/output operations were not specified in detail in this paper , but three devices were proposed : an electric typewriter for the transfer of small quantities of data , a display unit for graphical presentation of results , and several magnetic wire or tape units to provide a secondary storage medium and for all normal input and output .
input/output operations were not [named] in detail in this paper , but three devices were proposed : an electric typewriter for the transfer of small quantities of data , a display unit for graphical presentation of results , and several magnetic wire or tape units to provide a secondary storage medium and for all normal input and output .

The only other conditional jump instructions based on arithmetic tests that are at all common are ( a ) Jump if the contents of a specified store location is zero , usually forming part of an " increment and jump if zero " instruction ( see 3.3 ) .
the only other conditional jump instructions based on arithmetic tests that are at all common are ( a ) jump if the contents of a [named] store location is zero , usually forming part of an " increment and jump if zero " instruction ( see 3.3 ) .

The floating-point accumulator must now be double-length , and operands are specified by the address of the first store location in the pair .
the floating-point accumulator must now be double-length , and operands are [named] by the address of the first store location in the pair .

This operation can also be used to clear a specified bit of a word to zero , as shown in Figure 2.12 ( a `` ) .
this operation can also be used to clear a [named] bit of a word to zero , as shown in figure 2.12 ( a `` ) .

This operation can be used to set a specified bit of a word to one , as shown in Figure 2.12 ( b ' ) .
this operation can be used to set a [named] bit of a word to one , as shown in figure 2.12 ( b ' ) .

Exclusive Or can be used to invert a specified bit of a word , as shown in Figure 2.12 ( c ' ) .
exclusive or can be used to invert a [named] bit of a word , as shown in figure 2.12 ( c ' ) .

The mask may be held in an implied processor register ( for example accumulator zero in a computer with an array of accumulators ) or in a store location specified in the instruction .
the mask may be held in an implied processor register ( for example accumulator zero in a computer with an array of accumulators ) or in a store location [named] in the instruction .

On a two-address computer a `` move `` instruction which specified the address of both store locations would be available .
on a two-address computer a `` move `` instruction which [named] the address of both store locations would be available .

There are further instructions to test a specified character for a set word mark bit , or for various combinations of zone bits .
there are further instructions to test a [named] character for a set word mark bit , or for various combinations of zone bits .

Although most processing of arithmetic fields is from right to left , the operand is specified by the address of its left-hand byte ; since the instruction specifies the length of each packed decimal operand , the address of the right-hand byte is easily obtained .
although most processing of arithmetic fields is from right to left , the operand is [named] by the address of its left-hand byte ; since the instruction specifies the length of each packed decimal operand , the address of the right-hand byte is easily obtained .

Such variations may be irrelevant to the programmer , even when writing a program in a low-level language , since the assembler deals with the detailed representation in the computer store of the sequence of instruction fields specified by the programmer .
such variations may be irrelevant to the programmer , even when writing a program in a low-level language , since the assembler deals with the detailed representation in the computer store of the sequence of instruction fields [named] by the programmer .

Nowadays most computers have several methods by which an operand may be specified : we have met direct addressing and indexing in Chapter 1 , and the other methods are discussed in Chapter 4 .
nowadays most computers have several methods by which an operand may be [named] : we have met direct addressing and indexing in chapter 1 , and the other methods are discussed in chapter 4 .

Often this field simply encodes the number of the index register to be used , with one value implying `` no indexing `` : any other addressing methods available would then be specified as part of the operation code field .
often this field simply encodes the number of the index register to be used , with one value implying `` no indexing `` : any other addressing methods available would then be [named] as part of the operation code field .

Thus the number of bits to be shifted is specified in the subsidiary information field , or encoded as part of the operation code field .
thus the number of bits to be shifted is [named] in the subsidiary information field , or encoded as part of the operation code field .

The assignment of binary bit patterns to operation codes , and of portions of the operation code field to positions in the instruction format , must be done in such a way that the hardware of the computer can decode the instruction ; thus it must be possible to extract an initial portion of the operation code from a fixed position in the instruction and decide , from the bit pattern found there , whether an operation is now specified ( in which case the rest of the instruction can be interpreted as secondary fields ) or whether a further portion of instruction has to be decoded , and so on .
the assignment of binary bit patterns to operation codes , and of portions of the operation code field to positions in the instruction format , must be done in such a way that the hardware of the computer can decode the instruction ; thus it must be possible to extract an initial portion of the operation code from a fixed position in the instruction and decide , from the bit pattern found there , whether an operation is now [named] ( in which case the rest of the instruction can be interpreted as secondary fields ) or whether a further portion of instruction has to be decoded , and so on .

The following are possible : ( a ) The first operand is in the ( specified ) accumulator , the second is in a store location , and the result replaces the contents of the original accumulator .
the following are possible : ( a ) the first operand is in the ( [named] ) accumulator , the second is in a store location , and the result replaces the contents of the original accumulator .

( b ) The first operand is in the ( specified ) accumulator , the second is in a store location , and the result replaces the contents of the store location .
( b ) the first operand is in the ( [named] ) accumulator , the second is in a store location , and the result replaces the contents of the store location .

The simplest transfer of control instruction is , of course , the unconditional jump or unconditional branch , after the execution of which the next instruction is taken from the store address specified in the jump instruction .
the simplest transfer of control instruction is , of course , the unconditional jump or unconditional branch , after the execution of which the next instruction is taken from the store address [named] in the jump instruction .

We therefore require a set of conditional jump or conditional branch instructions , which transfer control to the instruction at the specified store address only if a certain condition is met ; if the condition is not met , the next instruction to be executed is that immediately following the jump instruction .
we therefore require a set of conditional jump or conditional branch instructions , which transfer control to the instruction at the [named] store address only if a certain condition is met ; if the condition is not met , the next instruction to be executed is that immediately following the jump instruction .

If the jump conditions are specified by bits in a subsidiary information field , then we may be able to specify further conditions by setting combinations of bits .
if the jump conditions are [named] by bits in a subsidiary information field , then we may be able to specify further conditions by setting combinations of bits .

On some computers such instructions are special cases of normal instructions , as in the example above ; another example might be a multiples length move instruction , with the number of words to be moved specified as zero .
on some computers such instructions are special cases of normal instructions , as in the example above ; another example might be a multiples length move instruction , with the number of words to be moved [named] as zero .

For example , we might wish to test a specified store location to see if its contents are zero or non-zero , or to Compare the contents of an accumulator with the contents of a specified store location as in Figure 3.11 ( e ) .
for example , we might wish to test a [named] store location to see if its contents are zero or non-zero , or to compare the contents of an accumulator with the contents of a [named] store location as in figure 3.11 ( e ) .

One of the most common programming devices is the loop , whereby a set of instructions is performed a specified number of times .
one of the most common programming devices is the loop , whereby a set of instructions is performed a [named] number of times .

If not ( that is , further iterations of the loop are to be performed ) , a jump is made to a specified store address ( presumably the beginning of the loop ) .
if not ( that is , further iterations of the loop are to be performed ) , a jump is made to a [named] store address ( presumably the beginning of the loop ) .

In the past the field which normally specified the addressing mode was often used in these instructions to specify the index register to be manipulated , thus reducing the available addressing modes .
in the past the field which normally [named] the addressing mode was often used in these instructions to specify the index register to be manipulated , thus reducing the available addressing modes .

An instruction adds one to each field of a specified index register , and jumps to a specified address unless the loop count field has reached zero .
an instruction adds one to each field of a [named] index register , and jumps to a [named] address unless the loop count field has reached zero .

An instruction adds one to the modifier field of a specified index register , and jumps to a specified address unless the two fields are equal .
an instruction adds one to the modifier field of a [named] index register , and jumps to a [named] address unless the two fields are equal .

The type of manipulation required would be specified by the operation code of the accessing instruction , or by a descriptor referred to in the instruction .
the type of manipulation required would be [named] by the operation code of the accessing instruction , or by a descriptor referred to in the instruction .

The method used in all modern computers is to provide a `` subroutine call `` ( or `` link `` ) instruction , which jumps to a specified store location and saves the value of the program counter , to enable control to be returned from the subroutine .
the method used in all modern computers is to provide a `` subroutine call `` ( or `` link `` ) instruction , which jumps to a [named] store location and saves the value of the program counter , to enable control to be returned from the subroutine .

Alternatively , assistance may be provided in the form of an `` analyse `` instruction , which treats a specified store location as holding an instruction , unpacks its various fields , and calculates an effective store address .
alternatively , assistance may be provided in the form of an `` analyse `` instruction , which treats a [named] store location as holding an instruction , unpacks its various fields , and calculates an effective store address .

The instruction set of a computer includes a range of instructions , from simple ones such as to load an accumulator from a specified store location , to complex ones such as the edit and search instructions described earlier .
the instruction set of a computer includes a range of instructions , from simple ones such as to load an accumulator from a [named] store location , to complex ones such as the edit and search instructions described earlier .

In practice this sequence would need to be expanded to include performing any specified address modification , and checking for pending interrupts before accessing the next instruction .
in practice this sequence would need to be expanded to include performing any [named] address modification , and checking for pending interrupts before accessing the next instruction .

These last few bits are then specified by testing various conditions in the processor .
these last few bits are then [named] by testing various conditions in the processor .

How many different instructions can be specified under each of the allocation schemes ? Why might a computer designer choose the first scheme ?
how many different instructions can be [named] under each of the allocation schemes ? why might a computer designer choose the first scheme ?

Suppose that an instruction which specified indexed addressing could also specify whether the index value was to be modified ( for example , it could be incremented by one ) .
suppose that an instruction which [named] indexed addressing could also specify whether the index value was to be modified ( for example , it could be incremented by one ) .

List the different methods by which this modification value could be specified , and discuss their relative advantages and disadvantages .
list the different methods by which this modification value could be [named] , and discuss their relative advantages and disadvantages .

Sometimes the child is warned not to go beyond the specified page until the next interview .
sometimes the child is warned not to go beyond the [named] page until the next interview .

This method of judgement is relevant whenever tasks and their solutions have not been completely specified in advance .
this method of judgement is relevant whenever tasks and their solutions have not been completely [named] in advance .

Incidental `` assessment is contrasted with `` Purposive `` assessment in which a specially arranged procedure , such as a test , is designed to assess pupils ' achievement of specified criteria .
incidental `` assessment is contrasted with `` purposive `` assessment in which a specially arranged procedure , such as a test , is designed to assess pupils ' achievement of [named] criteria .

Despite the fairly low success rates on questions probing the concepts , those questions asking pupils to use a protractor to measure given angles or draw an angle to a specified size yielded quite high success rates for both acute and obtuse angles .
despite the fairly low success rates on questions probing the concepts , those questions asking pupils to use a protractor to measure given angles or draw an angle to a [named] size yielded quite high success rates for both acute and obtuse angles .

One station in the practical circus included a task requiring pupils to draw a rectangle of a specified area .
one station in the practical circus included a task requiring pupils to draw a rectangle of a [named] area .

The test items themselves may indeed have been specified in terms of their subject matter but a norm-referenced test result is given as a measure of performance rather than a description of what examinees know .
the test items themselves may indeed have been [named] in terms of their subject matter but a norm-referenced test result is given as a measure of performance rather than a description of what examinees know .

Knowledge and skills to be acquired are specified in criterion statements for example , `` can add whole numbers `` .
knowledge and skills to be acquired are [named] in criterion statements for example , `` can add whole numbers `` .

In certain instances a pass/fail cut-off score is specified which is often referred to as a criterion .
in certain instances a pass/fail cut-off score is [named] which is often referred to as a criterion .

Criteria may range in breadth from very narrow ( `` can add two single-digit numbers when no regrouping is required `` ) to very broad ( `` can calculate using any of the four rules of number `` ) ; the narrower a criterion statement the less equivocal its reference and so the more precisely assessment tasks based on it will be specified .
criteria may range in breadth from very narrow ( `` can add two single-digit numbers when no regrouping is required `` ) to very broad ( `` can calculate using any of the four rules of number `` ) ; the narrower a criterion statement the less equivocal its reference and so the more precisely assessment tasks based on it will be [named] .

But how precisely can test items be specified by a criterion statement anyway ?
but how precisely can test items be [named] by a criterion statement anyway ?

It may be that those aspects of a curriculum , such as skills which are readily expressible in behavioural terms could usefully be laid down in some detail while other aspects , such as problem solving would be more loosely specified or , perhaps , not specified at all .
it may be that those aspects of a curriculum , such as skills which are readily expressible in behavioural terms could usefully be laid down in some detail while other aspects , such as problem solving would be more loosely [named] or , perhaps , not [named] at all .

Evidently , there is more to our belief that the flipping caused the wipers to start to work than has so far been specified .
evidently , there is more to our belief that the flipping caused the wipers to start to work than has so far been [named] .

We come to believe that whenever ten specified types of conditions obtain , including a flipping of the switch , there is the effect of the wipers ' starting to work .
we come to believe that whenever ten [named] types of conditions obtain , including a flipping of the switch , there is the effect of the wipers ' starting to work .

What is needed is not exactly a particular type of condition specified before the present occasion , but a slightly different one , which did indeed obtain previously when the wipers started .
what is needed is not exactly a particular type of condition [named] before the present occasion , but a slightly different one , which did indeed obtain previously when the wipers started .

It is the stuff of or the basis of all the relations specified so far or still to be specified between cause and effect , causal circumstance and effect , and nomic correlates .
it is the stuff of or the basis of all the relations [named] so far or still to be [named] between cause and effect , causal circumstance and effect , and nomic correlates .

The point is that an equation can be interpreted as stating this : given each of a number of possible extents to which specified things possess certain different general properties , it is then the case , despite accompanying conditions and events , that another specified thing would still possess another general property to one of a number of possible extents .
the point is that an equation can be interpreted as stating this : given each of a number of possible extents to which [named] things possess certain different general properties , it is then the case , despite accompanying conditions and events , that another [named] thing would still possess another general property to one of a number of possible extents .

That is , roughly , they do not assert that variations in a fully specified type of causal circumstance are followed by variations in a type of effect .
that is , roughly , they do not assert that variations in a fully [named] type of causal circumstance are followed by variations in a type of effect .

It is usually the case that what is specified , against a certain background assumption , is a part of the nomic correlate of something else .
it is usually the case that what is [named] , against a certain background assumption , is a part of the nomic correlate of something else .

But a causal circumstance , as specified earlier ( p.46 ) , most certainly does not include all of the causal history of itself and hence of the effect .
but a causal circumstance , as [named] earlier ( p.46 ) , most certainly does not include all of the causal history of itself and hence of the effect .

As specified , a causal circumstance includes no more than was needed to necessitate the effect , which is to say that it included just a set of conditions or events such that if the set existed , so did the effect , and still would have even if certain other conditions or events had also existed .
as [named] , a causal circumstance includes no more than was needed to necessitate the effect , which is to say that it included just a set of conditions or events such that if the set existed , so did the effect , and still would have even if certain other conditions or events had also existed .

It amounts to a determination or tendency to accept as conceptually respectable , and as a report of reality , only what is in accord with some part of scientific practice , or a fully specified calculus , or particular and explicit scientific laws , or particular kinds of quantification , or some principle in the philosophy of science .
it amounts to a determination or tendency to accept as conceptually respectable , and as a report of reality , only what is in accord with some part of scientific practice , or a fully [named] calculus , or particular and explicit scientific laws , or particular kinds of quantification , or some principle in the philosophy of science .

The conception does not have to do , above all , with the statement 's having some otherwise specified content or subject-matter : that is , say , as being about thoughts , wants , or intentions , or conveying something about persons , minds , subjectivity , experience , or an inner world .
the conception does not have to do , above all , with the statement 's having some otherwise [named] content or subject-matter : that is , say , as being about thoughts , wants , or intentions , or conveying something about persons , minds , subjectivity , experience , or an inner world .

It is perhaps audacious , given the undeniable uncertainty in which we find ourselves in thinking of consciousness , but it may be possible to regard this mutual dependency as a matter of nomic correlation of one of the kinds specified earlier ( 1.5 ) , although nomic connection of a uniquely primitive character .
it is perhaps audacious , given the undeniable uncertainty in which we find ourselves in thinking of consciousness , but it may be possible to regard this mutual dependency as a matter of nomic correlation of one of the kinds [named] earlier ( 1.5 ) , although nomic connection of a uniquely primitive character .

Even the evaluators appear on the minutes as members present , without their role being specified !
even the evaluators appear on the minutes as members present , without their role being [named] !

Since the project did not and does not operate on the basis of a general , public advertisement for schools to make bids for a share of a specified sum , the rules of the game are not common knowledge .
since the project did not and does not operate on the basis of a general , public advertisement for schools to make bids for a share of a [named] sum , the rules of the game are not common knowledge .

They include the targets set out in the guidelines issued to project schools , more or less explicitly in the process of selecting schools , and of course , implicitly in the objectives specified in the successful proposals which schools made .
they include the targets set out in the guidelines issued to project schools , more or less explicitly in the process of selecting schools , and of course , implicitly in the objectives [named] in the successful proposals which schools made .

While this is in accord with the development of learning skills specified in the second part of Objective 1 , it could deflect attention from the central concern of linking library enhancement to curriculum development across the board .
while this is in accord with the development of learning skills [named] in the second part of objective 1 , it could deflect attention from the central concern of linking library enhancement to curriculum development across the board .

She had not specified , but somewhere around four thirty to five would have been a reasonable time to return .
she had not [named] , but somewhere around four thirty to five would have been a reasonable time to return .

In 1980 the Local Government , Planning and Land Act specified that all planning applications would be received by district councils .
in 1980 the local government , planning and land act [named] that all planning applications would be received by district councils .

The salary of such officers is restricted to an amount specified from time to time by the Secretary of State and they are not permitted to manage other council staff ( clause 9 ) .
the salary of such officers is restricted to an amount [named] from time to time by the secretary of state and they are not permitted to manage other council staff ( clause 9 ) .

The Local Government ( Access to Information ) Act 1985 requires the public and press to be admitted to all council committees and sub-committees unless specified business exempts items of the agenda from the provisions of the Act .
the local government ( access to information ) act 1985 requires the public and press to be admitted to all council committees and sub-committees unless [named] business exempts items of the agenda from the provisions of the act .

Second , political objectives can not be as clearly specified as the scientific or rational model seems to demand .
second , political objectives can not be as clearly [named] as the scientific or rational model seems to demand .

The scheme may include a basic allowance for every councillor , an attendance allowance in relation to specified duties and a special responsibility allowance for members who have such responsibilities .
the scheme may include a basic allowance for every councillor , an attendance allowance in relation to [named] duties and a special responsibility allowance for members who have such responsibilities .

To make this precise , he takes a well-defined notion of instrumental rationality ( Zweckrationalität ) from economics , as specified for an ideal-type case where the agent is fully rational and the rational choice fully calculable .
to make this precise , he takes a well-defined notion of instrumental rationality ( zweckrationalität ) from economics , as [named] for an ideal-type case where the agent is fully rational and the rational choice fully calculable .

Not all cases known to the indicator agencies were examined , but only those who were resident in the Borough of Wirral during the specified time period .
not all cases known to the indicator agencies were examined , but only those who were resident in the borough of wirral during the [named] time period .

The more formal civil law tradition requires international service to be initiated by specified officials .
the more formal civil law tradition requires international service to be initiated by [named] officials .

The ‘ indirectness ’ lies in the fact that the consul does not approach the defendant directly , but the appropriate authority in the state of destination ; this will usually be some central government agency , within the Ministry of Justice for example , but local officers can be specified .
the ‘ indirectness ’ lies in the fact that the consul does not approach the defendant directly , but the appropriate authority in the state of destination ; this will usually be some central government agency , within the ministry of justice for example , but local officers can be [named] .

There may be real practical advantages in having a central source of expertise ; such a source is more likely to send documents in a form , and with accompanying material , required by the state of destination or specified in the applicable bilateral or multilateral convention .
there may be real practical advantages in having a central source of expertise ; such a source is more likely to send documents in a form , and with accompanying material , required by the state of destination or [named] in the applicable bilateral or multilateral convention .

Most Contracting States have made such a declaration , and all but one of declarant States have specified a one-year time limit .
most contracting states have made such a declaration , and all but one of declarant states have [named] a one-year time limit .

Official assistance is available in cases specified in Order 11 , rule 6 .
official assistance is available in cases [named] in order 11 , rule 6 .

The forms to be followed in executing the request were those of the requested State , but a request that a special form be followed would be complied with provided the form specified were not contrary to the legislation of that State .
the forms to be followed in executing the request were those of the requested state , but a request that a special form be followed would be complied with provided the form [named] were not contrary to the legislation of that state .

In place of a draft provision which gave protection in all cases where criminal or disciplinary proceedings were possible in a third State , the final Convention text allows States to declare that they will respect privileges and duties under the law of third States to the extent specified in the declaration .
in place of a draft provision which gave protection in all cases where criminal or disciplinary proceedings were possible in a third state , the final convention text allows states to declare that they will respect privileges and duties under the law of third states to the extent [named] in the declaration .

to produce any documents other than particular documents specified in the Letter of Request as being documents appearing to the requested court to be , or to be likely to be , in his possession , custody or power .
to produce any documents other than particular documents [named] in the letter of request as being documents appearing to the requested court to be , or to be likely to be , in his possession , custody or power .

It is possible to read paragraph ( b ) of this declaration as implying that the United Kingdom will execute Letters of Request seeking the production of particular documents specified in the Letter and required by way of ‘ discovery ’ , even if they do not ( in the words of the corresponding Rule of the Supreme Court ) 502 ‘ relate to a matter in question in the cause or matter ’ .
it is possible to read paragraph ( b ) of this declaration as implying that the united kingdom will execute letters of request seeking the production of particular documents [named] in the letter and required by way of ‘ discovery ’ , even if they do not ( in the words of the corresponding rule of the supreme court ) 502 ‘ relate to a matter in question in the cause or matter ’ .

An order may not be made under section 2 requiring a person to state what documents relevant to the proceedings to which the application relates are , or have been , in his possession , custody or power ; or to produce any documents other than particular documents specified in the order as being documents appearing to the High Court court to be , or to be likely to be , in his possession , custody or power .
an order may not be made under section 2 requiring a person to state what documents relevant to the proceedings to which the application relates are , or have been , in his possession , custody or power ; or to produce any documents other than particular documents [named] in the order as being documents appearing to the high court court to be , or to be likely to be , in his possession , custody or power .

So far as the production of documents is concerned much attention has focussed on the words ‘ particular documents specified in the order ’ .
so far as the production of documents is concerned much attention has focussed on the words ‘ particular documents [named] in the order ’ .

The University shall provide the accommodation , catering services and other services specified in writing in the booking and which the University has undertaken in writing to provide , except in circumstances in 6.1 of these Conditions .
the university shall provide the accommodation , catering services and other services [named] in writing in the booking and which the university has undertaken in writing to provide , except in circumstances in 6.1 of these conditions .

Operationally , this might be defined as those unplanned readmissions occurring within a ‘ short ’ ( but specified ) interval after the first discharge .
operationally , this might be defined as those unplanned readmissions occurring within a ‘ short ’ ( but [named] ) interval after the first discharge .

The penalties for failure to comply with the request of an investigator made under s.177 are specified in s.178 ( 1 ) - ( 2 ) .
the penalties for failure to comply with the request of an investigator made under s.177 are [named] in s.178 ( 1 ) - ( 2 ) .

According to ns.62A ( 1 ) these exceptions are to be specified in regulations made by the Secretary of State .
according to ns.62a ( 1 ) these exceptions are to be [named] in regulations made by the secretary of state .

Ages specified below apply to the child/infants age on the date of return travel . Child reductions at the Forte Hotel Village , Hotel Castello and Villa del Parco apply to the following dates :
ages [named] below apply to the child/infants age on the date of return travel . child reductions at the forte hotel village , hotel castello and villa del parco apply to the following dates :

The treaty was never implemented , however , perhaps because the French could not raise the first instalment of the ransom in the six months specified , and in May 1359 the ‘ Second Treaty of London ’ was concluded .
the treaty was never implemented , however , perhaps because the french could not raise the first instalment of the ransom in the six months [named] , and in may 1359 the ‘ second treaty of london ’ was concluded .

The approach of companies varies , but many prefer to have a flexible legal agreement allowing surface access for prospecting , including overburden drilling and geophysics , with the right of a first refusal to an option over the mineral rights after a specified time .
the approach of companies varies , but many prefer to have a flexible legal agreement allowing surface access for prospecting , including overburden drilling and geophysics , with the right of a first refusal to an option over the mineral rights after a [named] time .

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Description of Use or in any restriction of driving to specified persons in this Policy the indemnity to the Policyholder in connection with any motor car described in the Schedule shall operate while such motor car is in the custody or control of a member of the Motor Trade and used only for the purpose of its overhaul upkeep or repair .
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this description of use or in any restriction of driving to [named] persons in this policy the indemnity to the policyholder in connection with any motor car described in the schedule shall operate while such motor car is in the custody or control of a member of the motor trade and used only for the purpose of its overhaul upkeep or repair .

So it is imperative that the quality of service is extended into the washroom facilities , which is why the Facilities Manager specified Rentokil Healthcare Services .
so it is imperative that the quality of service is extended into the washroom facilities , which is why the facilities manager [named] rentokil healthcare services .

3.2 Implementation will require all courses to be specified in the new unit-based format , with candidates ' performance detailed in terms of outcomes and performance criteria .
3.2 implementation will require all courses to be [named] in the new unit-based format , with candidates ' performance detailed in terms of outcomes and performance criteria .

For courses in which all units , or core units , are undergoing national development of unit specifications , it is intended that specified existing courses in these and closely related subjects will be converted to the new format for candidate enrolment in :
for courses in which all units , or core units , are undergoing national development of unit specifications , it is intended that [named] existing courses in these and closely related subjects will be converted to the new format for candidate enrolment in :

Specified nationally-developed courses in : Unit specifications for core areas and some optional areas of these courses will be available at the start of session 1989–90 .
[named] nationally-developed courses in : unit specifications for core areas and some optional areas of these courses will be available at the start of session 1989–90 .

The 16 tonne lorry depositing a load is one of the 7,500 that are needed to make up the specified contours .
the 16 tonne lorry depositing a load is one of the 7,500 that are needed to make up the [named] contours .

Andrew Burt explains that another common reason is that the instruments of assessment specified in the module descriptor are not being used or have been varied .
andrew burt explains that another common reason is that the instruments of assessment [named] in the module descriptor are not being used or have been varied .

Provision should be made for ensuring that the competences specified can take into account changes which may occur in technology or market requirements .
provision should be made for ensuring that the competences [named] can take into account changes which may occur in technology or market requirements .

The centre has implemented effective systems for ensuring that consistent standards are applied to the evaluation of the candidates ' work and that the standards comply with those specified in the unit/model .
the centre has implemented effective systems for ensuring that consistent standards are applied to the evaluation of the candidates ' work and that the standards comply with those [named] in the unit/model .

2*/3* Specified perils on Household Contents , All Risks on Optional selected items .
2*/3* [named] perils on household contents , all risks on optional selected items .

The Buildings as defined in the policy are covered against loss or damage due to ( i ) specified perils under Standard Cover policies and ( ii ) all risks under Wider Cover policies .
the buildings as defined in the policy are covered against loss or damage due to ( i ) [named] perils under standard cover policies and ( ii ) all risks under wider cover policies .

It can cover unspecified and/or specified valuables .
it can cover unspecified and/or [named] valuables .

Specified items are covered up to the amount shown on the Home Underwriting advice .
[named] items are covered up to the amount shown on the home underwriting advice .

In some cases items may be specified on the policy as a pair or a set e.g .
in some cases items may be [named] on the policy as a pair or a set e.g .

Total disablement from engaging in or giving attention to profession or occupation as specified on the policy schedule .
total disablement from engaging in or giving attention to profession or occupation as [named] on the policy schedule .

The only requirements are that cardboard boxes are flattened before being placed into cages and that only cardboard is deposited , unless otherwise specified . ’
the only requirements are that cardboard boxes are flattened before being placed into cages and that only cardboard is deposited , unless otherwise [named] . ’

An Optional Procedure claim is identifiable because the conclusion is expressed in a different form from that in a normal action , requiring payment here of a specified sum ‘ or such other greater or smaller sums as to the Court shall seem proper ’ .
an optional procedure claim is identifiable because the conclusion is expressed in a different form from that in a normal action , requiring payment here of a [named] sum ‘ or such other greater or smaller sums as to the court shall seem proper ’ .

This endorsement should be applied where a stamp collection is insured as a specified item under the policy .
this endorsement should be applied where a stamp collection is insured as a [named] item under the policy .

This endorsement should be applied where a coin collection is insured as a specified item under the policy .
this endorsement should be applied where a coin collection is insured as a [named] item under the policy .

An extra risk item now requires to be specified only if it exceeds a value of £2,000 or 10 % of the sum insured on contents which ever is the less .
an extra risk item now requires to be [named] only if it exceeds a value of £2,000 or 10 % of the sum insured on contents which ever is the less .

Often maths and English are required to certain specified levels .
often maths and english are required to certain [named] levels .

The majority of financial years specified ended on 31 March 1991 .
the majority of financial years [named] ended on 31 march 1991 .

The majority of financial years specified ended on 31 March 1991 .
the majority of financial years [named] ended on 31 march 1991 .

‘ An unconditional order in writing , addressed by one person* to another , signed by the person giving it , requiring the person to whom it is addressed to pay on demand or at a fixed or determinable future time a sum certain in money to , or to the order of , a specified person , or to order ’ .
‘ an unconditional order in writing , addressed by one person* to another , signed by the person giving it , requiring the person to whom it is addressed to pay on demand or at a fixed or determinable future time a sum certain in money to , or to the order of , a [named] person , or to order ’ .

Influencing a short , predictable , product-oriented transaction ( say purchasing a hamburger at a fast food restaurant ) would lend itself to prescriptive training techniques supported by highly specified procedures and standards .
influencing a short , predictable , product-oriented transaction ( say purchasing a hamburger at a fast food restaurant ) would lend itself to prescriptive training techniques supported by highly [named] procedures and standards .

As she had worked for the civil service previously , she applied and was sent a booklet which specified an age range for applicants of 17 ½ to 28 years .
as she had worked for the civil service previously , she applied and was sent a booklet which [named] an age range for applicants of 17 ½ to 28 years .

She complained to an industrial tribunal alleging discrimination on the basis of the age range specified and she was successful .
she complained to an industrial tribunal alleging discrimination on the basis of the age range [named] and she was successful .

Many women in their 40s/50s/60s are involved in looking after and nursing ageing parents so it is quite possible that a specified age range of 45 to 65 could also be indirect sex discrimination .
many women in their 40s/50s/60s are involved in looking after and nursing ageing parents so it is quite possible that a [named] age range of 45 to 65 could also be indirect sex discrimination .

If people over a certain age , or within a certain age group , are required for a specified job for valid reasons , then it is not unlawful discrimination .
if people over a certain age , or within a certain age group , are required for a [named] job for valid reasons , then it is not unlawful discrimination .

Package contracts must be in writing and must also contain certain matters — included in these are the situation where a minimum number of customers must book before the package is on — the minimum number must be specified and the deadline for cancellation ( due to that number not being achieved ) must be stated .
package contracts must be in writing and must also contain certain matters — included in these are the situation where a minimum number of customers must book before the package is on — the minimum number must be [named] and the deadline for cancellation ( due to that number not being achieved ) must be stated .

For the reasons specified above , the 50 schools sampled were asked to provide us both with their overall attendance rate and the numbers of pupils absent for a specific week in June and again for a specific week in November .
for the reasons [named] above , the 50 schools sampled were asked to provide us both with their overall attendance rate and the numbers of pupils absent for a specific week in june and again for a specific week in november .

They are based on standards of competent performance which have been specified by the industry and which are assessed in the workplace .
they are based on standards of competent performance which have been [named] by the industry and which are assessed in the workplace .

The reason had not been specified .
the reason had not been [named] .

All research students are required to take the courses in research methods and skills which are specified by their departments .
all research students are required to take the courses in research methods and skills which are [named] by their departments .

Like special relativity , the monotraumatic theory is a restricted one , applicable only to certain specified frames of reference .
like special relativity , the monotraumatic theory is a restricted one , applicable only to certain [named] frames of reference .

It is important that every student makes a written application for an award to cover fees to the appropriate education authority within the period specified in the Awards Regulations .
it is important that every student makes a written application for an award to cover fees to the appropriate education authority within the period [named] in the awards regulations .

The ‘ going rate ’ — that is the rate for unconditional offers — is usually a grade or so above the minimum rate specified there .
the ‘ going rate ’ — that is the rate for unconditional offers — is usually a grade or so above the minimum rate [named] there .

In addition , applicants to the faculty must have passes in the subjects specified for each degree course .
in addition , applicants to the faculty must have passes in the subjects [named] for each degree course .

Most degree courses have certain subjects specified as essential , but usually some choice is allowed .
most degree courses have certain subjects [named] as essential , but usually some choice is allowed .

For instance , in several degree curricula it is possible to gain exemption from Stage One of the Chartered Accountant 's qualification provided that the curricula include the relevant courses specified by the Institute of Chartered Accountants .
for instance , in several degree curricula it is possible to gain exemption from stage one of the chartered accountant 's qualification provided that the curricula include the relevant courses [named] by the institute of chartered accountants .

The preferences of the sponsor are represented by a ‘ budget-output ’ function , any point on which represents the maximum budget the sponsor is willing to grant the bureau for a specified level of service .
the preferences of the sponsor are represented by a ‘ budget-output ’ function , any point on which represents the maximum budget the sponsor is willing to grant the bureau for a [named] level of service .

At the same time his wardenship of the march was confirmed and made hereditary , and to support the office he was given specified royal lands and rights in Cumberland together with 10,000 marks .
at the same time his wardenship of the march was confirmed and made hereditary , and to support the office he was given [named] royal lands and rights in cumberland together with 10,000 marks .

At their weekly visits , fieldworkers were instructed to refer ill children to the clinics , according to specified criteria .
at their weekly visits , fieldworkers were instructed to refer ill children to the clinics , according to [named] criteria .

And with health care a provincial jurisdiction , there is no way to force a province to provide a specified level or form of benefit .
and with health care a provincial jurisdiction , there is no way to force a province to provide a [named] level or form of benefit .

They specified that .
they [named] that .

The structure of any model of the type described above can be captured in the general formulation where is all the autonomous elements and collects together all the coefficients on in the specified model ; i.e .
the structure of any model of the type described above can be captured in the general formulation where is all the autonomous elements and collects together all the coefficients on in the [named] model ; i.e .

For a public good-the consumption of which is defined over geographic subsets of the total population and for which the costs of providing each level of output of the good in each jurisdiction are the same for the central government or the respective local government — it will always be more efficient or at least as efficient for local government to provide the Pareto-efficient levels of output for their respective jurisdictions than for central government to provide any specified and uniform level of output across all jurisdictions . ( Oates 1972 , p. 35 )
for a public good-the consumption of which is defined over geographic subsets of the total population and for which the costs of providing each level of output of the good in each jurisdiction are the same for the central government or the respective local government — it will always be more efficient or at least as efficient for local government to provide the pareto-efficient levels of output for their respective jurisdictions than for central government to provide any [named] and uniform level of output across all jurisdictions . ( oates 1972 , p. 35 )

In this example , for every pound spent by the central government , a specified sum must be spent by the recipient authority .
in this example , for every pound spent by the central government , a [named] sum must be spent by the recipient authority .

The above examples of intergovernmental grants are by no means exhaustive , but enough has been said to indicate that , when the form of grant aid is specified , the nature of the amendment of the budget line for local authorities is specified .
the above examples of intergovernmental grants are by no means exhaustive , but enough has been said to indicate that , when the form of grant aid is [named] , the nature of the amendment of the budget line for local authorities is [named] .

If a majority of voters accept the proposal , it is enacted ; if not , the local expenditure is set at a legally specified reversion level .
if a majority of voters accept the proposal , it is enacted ; if not , the local expenditure is set at a legally [named] reversion level .

However , he assumes that , when the median voter votes , she will not accept proposals that imply that the local tax rate leaves the poorest citizens in the locality with a net private income below some specified level .
however , he assumes that , when the median voter votes , she will not accept proposals that imply that the local tax rate leaves the poorest citizens in the locality with a net private income below some [named] level .

Despite the urging of Wicksell and the modern public choice theorists , in practice the two sectors of the budget are essentially treated separately so that very few expenditure proposals come forward with a specific financial source specified .
despite the urging of wicksell and the modern public choice theorists , in practice the two sectors of the budget are essentially treated separately so that very few expenditure proposals come forward with a specific financial source [named] .

The user name specified at the start of the run must be the manager of the module .
the user name [named] at the start of the run must be the manager of the module .

all the files specified in the module header will be transferred .
all the files [named] in the module header will be transferred .

Note that no file name is specified since no modules are transferred .
note that no file name is [named] since no modules are transferred .

In this case the transfer results in one or more files being moved into the user 's account ; file names are specified by a module which defines the binary construction commands attached to the referenced package .
in this case the transfer results in one or more files being moved into the user 's account ; file names are [named] by a module which defines the binary construction commands attached to the referenced package .

In addition , the file names specified in the foreign set must be unique within the module header and within the set of file names used in any package which contains the foreign module .
in addition , the file names [named] in the foreign set must be unique within the module header and within the set of file names used in any package which contains the foreign module .

Set membership of a package need not comprise only source modules and the package module itself ; other packages may also be specified .
set membership of a package need not comprise only source modules and the package module itself ; other packages may also be [named] .

If the package is to contain modules which already exist , then each one must be specified in one of the following ways :
if the package is to contain modules which already exist , then each one must be [named] in one of the following ways :

The offline process is carried out as a ‘ run ’ at a specified time and of specified duration , during which period the offline operator must be present to fulfil the demands for mounting and dismounting the offline media .
the offline process is carried out as a ‘ run ’ at a [named] time and of [named] duration , during which period the offline operator must be present to fulfil the demands for mounting and dismounting the offline media .

Unless otherwise specified , all fields have a maximum length of 20 characters , including colons , square brackets , etc .
unless otherwise [named] , all fields have a maximum length of 20 characters , including colons , square brackets , etc .

checks for the existence of the input configuration file in the specified directory .
checks for the existence of the input configuration file in the [named] directory .

When Option 9.6.0 is used , if any offline request ( Store or Restore ) has not been serviced during the specified period of days it will be reported .
when option 9.6.0 is used , if any offline request ( store or restore ) has not been serviced during the [named] period of days it will be reported .

Taking the second first , the pathname specified for the concealed logical must be a physical pathname — you can not use a concealed logical of a concealed logical in order to traverse deeper than 16 directory levels .
taking the second first , the pathname [named] for the concealed logical must be a physical pathname — you can not use a concealed logical of a concealed logical in order to traverse deeper than 16 directory levels .

Maintain specified relationships between items of software and ensure that required software is not inadvertently deleted .
maintain [named] relationships between items of software and ensure that required software is not inadvertently deleted .

Ensures that only specified users have the privileges to approve software in a given project .
ensures that only [named] users have the privileges to approve software in a given project .

Next time offline runs ( as specified using Option 9.2.0 ) , one or both copies of the package will be offlined ( depending on whether simultaneous copies are enabled . )
next time offline runs ( as [named] using option 9.2.0 ) , one or both copies of the package will be offlined ( depending on whether simultaneous copies are enabled . )

The Hard Copy system works on the basis of charge codes : when a particular charge code is specified in the configuration file , as described later in this section , all modules with that charge code , except those specified using the description and code filter , will be hard copied .
the hard copy system works on the basis of charge codes : when a particular charge code is [named] in the configuration file , as described later in this section , all modules with that charge code , except those [named] using the description and code filter , will be hard copied .

If a volume is filled before data for the specified charge code is exhausted , the next volume in the set for that charge code is opened .
if a volume is filled before data for the [named] charge code is exhausted , the next volume in the set for that charge code is opened .

However , the ampersand acts as an ‘ or ’ qualifier , meaning that only one of the elements specified , the one which matches first , will be acted on .
however , the ampersand acts as an ‘ or ’ qualifier , meaning that only one of the elements [named] , the one which matches first , will be acted on .

The hard copy formatter opens one or more volumes in the hard copy directory for each charge code specified in the configuration file , when it finds the first module which is associated with the given charge code and which has not been hard copied .
the hard copy formatter opens one or more volumes in the hard copy directory for each charge code [named] in the configuration file , when it finds the first module which is associated with the given charge code and which has not been hard copied .

it has the charge code specified in the configuration file .
it has the charge code [named] in the configuration file .

The hard copy formatter works cyclically through the modules , searching for those with the specified charge code and classification and filling the relevant volume with them until its minimum fill mark is reached .
the hard copy formatter works cyclically through the modules , searching for those with the [named] charge code and classification and filling the relevant volume with them until its minimum fill mark is reached .

However , if more modules with the specified charge code , and which will fit , are available then these will be entered into the volume .
however , if more modules with the [named] charge code , and which will fit , are available then these will be entered into the volume .

All volumes containing modules of the same charge code are given the same name , as specified by the user , but the serial number at the end of the volume name is incremented for each new volume that is opened .
all volumes containing modules of the same charge code are given the same name , as [named] by the user , but the serial number at the end of the volume name is incremented for each new volume that is opened .

deletes module names which were reserved before a specified date but for which there is no module
deletes module names which were reserved before a [named] date but for which there is no module

specified charge code range .
[named] charge code range .

specified module name range .
[named] module name range .

These need not be specified in full as the Listing begins on or after the start string and finishes on or before the end string without exceeding the specified range .
these need not be [named] in full as the listing begins on or after the start string and finishes on or before the end string without exceeding the [named] range .

the total number of emanating relationships encountered ( when a Full Listing is specified ) .
the total number of emanating relationships encountered ( when a full listing is [named] ) .

the total number of using relationships encountered ( when a Full Listing is specified ) .
the total number of using relationships encountered ( when a full listing is [named] ) .

the number of modules not in a Package ( when a Full Listing is specified ) .
the number of modules not in a package ( when a full listing is [named] ) .

This report gives a structured listing of a specific package , detailing its modules and sub-packages according to the version specified .
this report gives a structured listing of a specific package , detailing its modules and sub-packages according to the version [named] .

the version number as specified by relationship
the version number as [named] by relationship

The user is asked for the root package name and the version number for the Package Structure Listing . The package name must be specified in full , but the version number can be supplied as one of the following :
the user is asked for the root package name and the version number for the package structure listing . the package name must be [named] in full , but the version number can be supplied as one of the following :

This option allows the user to generate a Structure Listing based on a specified Package .
this option allows the user to generate a structure listing based on a [named] package .

The user should enter the name of the desired package and then the package version . The package name must be entered in full , but the version number can be specified as one of the following :
the user should enter the name of the desired package and then the package version . the package name must be entered in full , but the version number can be [named] as one of the following :

When the user selects this option the Listing will be prepared as specified , with any customised features the user may have selected via Option 4 Amend Configuration Setup which is described later in this section .
when the user selects this option the listing will be prepared as [named] , with any customised features the user may have selected via option 4 amend configuration setup which is described later in this section .

When this limit is reached , the current file will be closed and printed/deleted as specified , and a new version of the file will be created for the next series of pages .
when this limit is reached , the current file will be closed and printed/deleted as [named] , and a new version of the file will be created for the next series of pages .

version number specified by relationship
version number [named] by relationship

If this occurs the user should check that there is sufficient disk quota in the specified directory and that the user has write access to the directory .
if this occurs the user should check that there is sufficient disk quota in the [named] directory and that the user has write access to the directory .

3057 Invalid package specified for activating DC(s) :
3057 invalid package [named] for activating dc(s) :

The specified date ( for completion of approval of the package ) is not valid .
the [named] date ( for completion of approval of the package ) is not valid .

The user has specified a value for the number of items in the named list which exceeds the valid range .
the user has [named] a value for the number of items in the named list which exceeds the valid range .

3145 Unknown preferred issue specified for module :
3145 unknown preferred issue [named] for module :

The module owner specified when trying to update the module details is not related to the current module owner .
the module owner [named] when trying to update the module details is not related to the current module owner .

The module manager specified when trying to update the module details is not related to the current module manager .
the module manager [named] when trying to update the module details is not related to the current module manager .

3152 Invalid preferred issue specified :
3152 invalid preferred issue [named] :

The user has specified a preferred issue which is not in the valid format .
the user has [named] a preferred issue which is not in the valid format .

The user has specified a Part Number which is already in use .
the user has [named] a part number which is already in use .

The user has specified an invalid selection of a module .
the user has [named] an invalid selection of a module .

This report will provide a listing of all Design Changes in a specified state .
this report will provide a listing of all design changes in a [named] state .

This report will provide a listing of all Design Changes which have changed state since a specified date .
this report will provide a listing of all design changes which have changed state since a [named] date .

The state field will be optional and if not specified , all DCs which have changed state since the specified date will be provided .
the state field will be optional and if not [named] , all dcs which have changed state since the [named] date will be provided .

If no date is specified , today 's date will be used .
if no date is [named] , today 's date will be used .

Bulk — all information of specified type is transferred
bulk — all information of [named] type is transferred

Delete — delete from relational database all information previously transferred for the specified type
delete — delete from relational database all information previously transferred for the [named] type

User/module names will be transferred when ‘ inhibit ’ or ‘ delete ’ is specified for either user or module details .
user/module names will be transferred when ‘ inhibit ’ or ‘ delete ’ is [named] for either user or module details .

The entries in all columns not specified above are unrestricted .
the entries in all columns not [named] above are unrestricted .

The entries in all columns not specified above are unrestricted .
the entries in all columns not [named] above are unrestricted .

List Modules and their Packages for a Specified User .
list modules and their packages for a [named] user .

Batch queue not specified on command line
batch queue not [named] on command line

Could not access database specified in configuration file
could not access database [named] in configuration file

Invalid Duration Time specified in configuration file
invalid duration time [named] in configuration file

Invalid Repeat Time specified in configuration file
invalid repeat time [named] in configuration file

Invalid Start Time specified in configuration file
invalid start time [named] in configuration file

As specified previously , items of any data type are added to and deleted from the associated partition of the cache in a pre-defined order .
as [named] previously , items of any data type are added to and deleted from the associated partition of the cache in a pre-defined order .

If a secondary item is not specified ( eg .
if a secondary item is not [named] ( eg .

For every module name entered , the module type must be specified .
for every module name entered , the module type must be [named] .

This column indicates any errors against the relevant modules ; for example , you may have specified a module with an incorrect syntax .
this column indicates any errors against the relevant modules ; for example , you may have [named] a module with an incorrect syntax .

It can only be accessed by the Manager or the Approver of the package , as specified from option 1.5.1 .
it can only be accessed by the manager or the approver of the package , as [named] from option 1.5.1 .

Note that before approval , all modules must be referenced correctly by the package as specified under option 1.5.1 .
note that before approval , all modules must be referenced correctly by the package as [named] under option 1.5.1 .

This column allows the identifiers of any superseded DCs to be specified .
this column allows the identifiers of any superseded dcs to be [named] .

This column allows the identifiers of the related SPRs to be specified .
this column allows the identifiers of the related sprs to be [named] .

This column allows the identifiers of any related DCs to be specified .
this column allows the identifiers of any related dcs to be [named] .

This page enables you to activate further DCs via the specified package .
this page enables you to activate further dcs via the [named] package .

Any DCs specified must be in the Agreed state .
any dcs [named] must be in the agreed state .

The name of the package specified on the previous page and the number of additional DCs which can be added will be displayed above the scrolled area , for information only .
the name of the package [named] on the previous page and the number of additional dcs which can be added will be displayed above the scrolled area , for information only .

This column allows the identifiers of any related Issues to be specified .
this column allows the identifiers of any related issues to be [named] .

It is not compulsory to provide any module names , but for each one specified , you must provide a First Issue No and a Last Issue No .
it is not compulsory to provide any module names , but for each one [named] , you must provide a first issue no and a last issue no .

This column allows the names of the affected modules to be specified .
this column allows the names of the affected modules to be [named] .

This column allows the issue number of the first version of the specified module to be entered .
this column allows the issue number of the first version of the [named] module to be entered .

The issue number can be specified as an actual number ( eg .
the issue number can be [named] as an actual number ( eg .

This column allows the issue number of the last version of the specified module to be entered .
this column allows the issue number of the last version of the [named] module to be entered .

The issue number can be specified as an actual number ( eg .
the issue number can be [named] as an actual number ( eg .

the first module referenced , if no valid Issues have been specified
the first module referenced , if no valid issues have been [named]

This column allows the names of any additional modules to be specified .
this column allows the names of any additional modules to be [named] .

This column allows the issue number of the first version of the specified module to be entered .
this column allows the issue number of the first version of the [named] module to be entered .

The issue number can be specified as an actual number ( eg .
the issue number can be [named] as an actual number ( eg .

This column allows the issue number of the last version of the specified module to be entered .
this column allows the issue number of the last version of the [named] module to be entered .

The issue number can be specified as an actual number ( eg .
the issue number can be [named] as an actual number ( eg .

This option enables you to view the identifier , title and status for a set of up to 10 Software Performance Reports ( SPRs ) that are related to a specified module name .
this option enables you to view the identifier , title and status for a set of up to 10 software performance reports ( sprs ) that are related to a [named] module name .

This option enables you to view the identifier , title and status for a set of up to 10 Software Performance Reports ( SPRs ) that have been passed to a specified user .
this option enables you to view the identifier , title and status for a set of up to 10 software performance reports ( sprs ) that have been passed to a [named] user .

If any SPRs are specified , the following conditions must be satisfied :
if any sprs are [named] , the following conditions must be satisfied :

This column allows the identifiers of any related SPRs to be specified .
this column allows the identifiers of any related sprs to be [named] .

This column allows the names of the affected modules to be specified .
this column allows the names of the affected modules to be [named] .

This column allows the issue number of the first version of the specified module to be entered .
this column allows the issue number of the first version of the [named] module to be entered .

The issue number can be specified as an actual number ( eg .
the issue number can be [named] as an actual number ( eg .

This column allows the issue number of the last version of the specified module to be entered .
this column allows the issue number of the last version of the [named] module to be entered .

The issue number can be specified as an actual number ( eg .
the issue number can be [named] as an actual number ( eg .

The scrolled area will display the packages that have to be endorsed , from the start package specified , and you may enter a Mark to indicate which packages you wish to accept or reject .
the scrolled area will display the packages that have to be endorsed , from the start package [named] , and you may enter a mark to indicate which packages you wish to accept or reject .

The issue number can be specified as an actual number ( eg .
the issue number can be [named] as an actual number ( eg .

The issue number can be specified as an actual number ( eg .
the issue number can be [named] as an actual number ( eg .

This column allows the names of the additional modules to be specified .
this column allows the names of the additional modules to be [named] .

This column allows the issue number of the first version of the specified module to be entered .
this column allows the issue number of the first version of the [named] module to be entered .

The issue number can be specified as an actual number ( eg .
the issue number can be [named] as an actual number ( eg .

This column allows the issue number of the last version of the specified module to be entered .
this column allows the issue number of the last version of the [named] module to be entered .

The issue number can be specified as an actual number ( eg .
the issue number can be [named] as an actual number ( eg .

This column allows the identifiers of any additional SPRs to be specified .
this column allows the identifiers of any additional sprs to be [named] .

This option enables you to view the identifier , title and status for a set of up to 10 submitted Software Status Reports ( SSRs ) that are related to a specified module name .
this option enables you to view the identifier , title and status for a set of up to 10 submitted software status reports ( ssrs ) that are related to a [named] module name .

The name specified must be unique and may be up to 28 alphanumeric characters long , including spaces .
the name [named] must be unique and may be up to 28 alphanumeric characters long , including spaces .

If you wish to view these you should reinvoke the option with the start date specified as that of the 16th mail message .
if you wish to view these you should reinvoke the option with the start date [named] as that of the 16th mail message .

You must indicate a time window within which the check should take place ; this time is specified by a maximum period and a minimum period .
you must indicate a time window within which the check should take place ; this time is [named] by a maximum period and a minimum period .

An invalid mark character has been specified .
an invalid mark character has been [named] .

An invalid charge code has been specified .
an invalid charge code has been [named] .

The Design Changes ( DCs ) specified have been successfully activated via the given package .
the design changes ( dcs ) [named] have been successfully activated via the given package .

The specified module owner is not related to the user responsible for the given charge code , using options 1.1.1 — Create Package / Product or 1.1.3 — Reserve Source , Foreign and Pmodel Modules .
the [named] module owner is not related to the user responsible for the given charge code , using options 1.1.1 — create package / product or 1.1.3 — reserve source , foreign and pmodel modules .

The specified module owner is not related to you ( as the module manager ) , using options 1.1.1 — Create Package / Product or 1.1.3 — Reserve Source , Foreign and Pmodel Modules .
the [named] module owner is not related to you ( as the module manager ) , using options 1.1.1 — create package / product or 1.1.3 — reserve source , foreign and pmodel modules .

An invalid issue for a product has been specified .
an invalid issue for a product has been [named] .

An invalid module name has been specified as the start module for the transaction .
an invalid module name has been [named] as the start module for the transaction .

The selected mail message(s) have been copied successfully to the specified user using index 6.3.0 — Copy Mail .
the selected mail message(s) have been copied successfully to the [named] user using index 6.3.0 — copy mail .

You do not have access to the package specified .
you do not have access to the package [named] .

You do not have access to the module specified .
you do not have access to the module [named] .

The offline operator screen ( if supplied ) will appear on the specified terminal ( assuming it is not in use ) at the stated time .
the offline operator screen ( if supplied ) will appear on the [named] terminal ( assuming it is not in use ) at the stated time .

The package specified is currently in approval .
the package [named] is currently in approval .

The verification of the password you have specified has been unsuccessful .
the verification of the password you have [named] has been unsuccessful .

If the link has been granted , the specified user will have access to all your modules .
if the link has been granted , the [named] user will have access to all your modules .

The manager of an issue ( if specified )
the manager of an issue ( if [named] )

The manager of a module listed ( if specified )
the manager of a module listed ( if [named] )

The start issue identifier for a range of issues is alphabetically after the specified end issue identifier .
the start issue identifier for a range of issues is alphabetically after the [named] end issue identifier .

The start module name for a range of modules is alphabetically after the specified end module name .
the start module name for a range of modules is alphabetically after the [named] end module name .

You have specified a non-numeric value for a charge code — this is invalid .
you have [named] a non-numeric value for a charge code — this is invalid .

You have specified a value for a charge code which is outside the permitted range .
you have [named] a value for a charge code which is outside the permitted range .

You have specified a non-numeric value for a client identifier — this is invalid .
you have [named] a non-numeric value for a client identifier — this is invalid .

You have specified a value for a client identifier which is outside the permitted range .
you have [named] a value for a client identifier which is outside the permitted range .

The date and time specified is in an invalid format .
the date and time [named] is in an invalid format .

The date and time specified is later than the current date and time .
the date and time [named] is later than the current date and time .

The date has been specified incorrectly .
the date has been [named] incorrectly .

The future date specified is in an invalid format .
the future date [named] is in an invalid format .

The future date specified is earlier than the current date .
the future date [named] is earlier than the current date .

You have specified a non-numeric value for a media identifier — this is invalid .
you have [named] a non-numeric value for a media identifier — this is invalid .

You have specified a value for a media identifier which is outside the permitted range .
you have [named] a value for a media identifier which is outside the permitted range .

An invalid module name has been specified .
an invalid module name has been [named] .

An invalid package name has been specified .
an invalid package name has been [named] .

You have specified a non-numeric value for a page number — this is invalid .
you have [named] a non-numeric value for a page number — this is invalid .

You have specified a value for a page number which is outside the permitted range .
you have [named] a value for a page number which is outside the permitted range .

The past date specified is in an invalid format .
the past date [named] is in an invalid format .

The past date specified is not earlier than the current date .
the past date [named] is not earlier than the current date .

You have specified a non-numeric value for a product identifier — this is invalid .
you have [named] a non-numeric value for a product identifier — this is invalid .

You have specified a value for a product identifier which is outside the permitted range .
you have [named] a value for a product identifier which is outside the permitted range .

The relative time specified is in an invalid format .
the relative time [named] is in an invalid format .

Too many links specified
too many links [named]

You are not an associated user for the DC(s) on the specified package and therefore can not submit the package for approval ( using option 1.5.1 ) or prepare the approval listings ( using option 1.5.2 ) .
you are not an associated user for the dc(s) on the [named] package and therefore can not submit the package for approval ( using option 1.5.1 ) or prepare the approval listings ( using option 1.5.2 ) .

Check that you have specified the correct package name .
check that you have [named] the correct package name .

The user name you have specified is not one of your descendants .
the user name you have [named] is not one of your descendants .

The user name you have specified is not one of your relations .
the user name you have [named] is not one of your relations .

Check that you have specified the correct charge code , otherwise get the user assoiated with the charge code to change ownership for you .
check that you have [named] the correct charge code , otherwise get the user assoiated with the charge code to change ownership for you .

Invalid issues have been specified .
invalid issues have been [named] .

At this stage , the DCs relating to any other modules which are to be updated using this package can also be specified .
at this stage , the dcs relating to any other modules which are to be updated using this package can also be [named] .

At the specified time , Offline will display the offline workload at an Operator Terminal , and the Offline Operator 's task is to mount the appropriate media items requested by Offline and dismount them when Offline has completed its specified workload .
at the [named] time , offline will display the offline workload at an operator terminal , and the offline operator 's task is to mount the appropriate media items requested by offline and dismount them when offline has completed its [named] workload .

It is important that the media types be specified first , as the type information is required during the specification of Units and Media Items .
it is important that the media types be [named] first , as the type information is required during the specification of units and media items .

Any number and combination of these types may be specified and they may be updated for each offline run .
any number and combination of these types may be [named] and they may be updated for each offline run .

If none are specified , it indicates that the unit is not currently available .
if none are [named] , it indicates that the unit is not currently available .

The Operator Terminal must be specified , using the terminal name ( eg .
the operator terminal must be [named] , using the terminal name ( eg .

The start time and the duration of the offline run must also be specified using option 9.2.0 .
the start time and the duration of the offline run must also be [named] using option 9.2.0 .

At the specified start time of the offline run , the operator terminal will be allocated by the offline system and the Offline Operator will be instructed to mount and dismount the required media items on the available units .
at the [named] start time of the offline run , the operator terminal will be allocated by the offline system and the offline operator will be instructed to mount and dismount the required media items on the available units .

More importantly , the Time Per block parameter specified in option 9.4.0 is used to determine how many blocks can be stored in the specified time i.e .
more importantly , the time per block parameter [named] in option 9.4.0 is used to determine how many blocks can be stored in the [named] time i.e .

Similarly , only one transition action may be specified and it is not possible to have both a task and transition associated with the same state .
similarly , only one transition action may be [named] and it is not possible to have both a task and transition associated with the same state .

This allows information to be specified which varies depending on the context of the message .
this allows information to be [named] which varies depending on the context of the message .

The following parameters can be specified within a mail message :
the following parameters can be [named] within a mail message :

The text of the task is specified like that of the mail message and allows the same parameter substitutions .
the text of the task is [named] like that of the mail message and allows the same parameter substitutions .

Update Baseline allows a user to incorporate a specified list of approved modules into a hierarchical package structure , thereby allowing a new approved baseline to be automatically defined .
update baseline allows a user to incorporate a [named] list of approved modules into a hierarchical package structure , thereby allowing a new approved baseline to be automatically defined .

Prior to running Update Baseline , the user must identify which modules within a specified approved package structure ( baseline ) have later approved versions than are currently referenced and which need to be embodied in order to generate a new baseline .
prior to running update baseline , the user must identify which modules within a [named] approved package structure ( baseline ) have later approved versions than are currently referenced and which need to be embodied in order to generate a new baseline .

the maximum number of modules specified in the steering file is not exceeded ( see Limitations below ) .
the maximum number of modules [named] in the steering file is not exceeded ( see limitations below ) .

The root package specified is checked to ensure that :
the root package [named] is checked to ensure that :

The package structure below the specified root package is then traversed to determine which packages need to be updated to take account of the later versions of modules in the steering file and the consequential impact on all levels of the structure . In doing so it checks the following :
the package structure below the [named] root package is then traversed to determine which packages need to be updated to take account of the later versions of modules in the steering file and the consequential impact on all levels of the structure . in doing so it checks the following :

the modules in the steering file exist within the specified package structure and at a later version than currently referenced .
the modules in the steering file exist within the [named] package structure and at a later version than currently referenced .

The manager of each package to be updated is checked to determine whether the specified user may carry out the changes .
the manager of each package to be updated is checked to determine whether the [named] user may carry out the changes .

The maximum number of modules which may be specified in the steering file for inclusion in a package structure is 100 .
the maximum number of modules which may be [named] in the steering file for inclusion in a package structure is 100 .

The manager of the package being processed and all packages at the next level in the structure which reference it are temporarily changed to the specified user .
the manager of the package being processed and all packages at the next level in the structure which reference it are temporarily changed to the [named] user .

This can only be achieved if the current manager is the specified user or a descendant of the specified user .
this can only be achieved if the current manager is the [named] user or a descendant of the [named] user .

Specified root package exists in steering file
[named] root package exists in steering file

Action : The specified module is already referenced at its current approved issue in the specified package — no action necessary
action : the [named] module is already referenced at its current approved issue in the [named] package — no action necessary

Action : Specified module is not in the structure to be updated — remove it from the steering file
action : [named] module is not in the structure to be updated — remove it from the steering file

Action : Check that the specified steering file is correct
action : check that the [named] steering file is correct

Action : The modules in the steering file have no impact on the specified package structure — no action necessary
action : the modules in the steering file have no impact on the [named] package structure — no action necessary

Root package specified is not approved
root package [named] is not approved

Action : Updates may only be made to the latest approved baseline for the specified root package — the discrepancy must be resolved manually
action : updates may only be made to the latest approved baseline for the [named] root package — the discrepancy must be resolved manually

Action : The manager of the specified package can not be changed in order to update the package by the specified user .
action : the manager of the [named] package can not be changed in order to update the package by the [named] user .

Re-assign the manager of the package temporarily to the specified user or change the specified user .
re-assign the manager of the package temporarily to the [named] user or change the [named] user .

Action : Examine the specified log file to determine the nature of the error
action : examine the [named] log file to determine the nature of the error

The root package specified is checked to ensure that :
the root package [named] is checked to ensure that :

Each file in the specified directory/directory structure is then processed , unless it has a file name extension type which is one of the specified exclusions , in which case it is ignored .
each file in the [named] directory/directory structure is then processed , unless it has a file name extension type which is one of the [named] exclusions , in which case it is ignored .

The module specified is checked to ensure that :
the module [named] is checked to ensure that :

Dijkstra 's algorithm can be used to find the shortest path from one specified vertex s to another vertex t in a weighted graph .
dijkstra 's algorithm can be used to find the shortest path from one [named] vertex s to another vertex t in a weighted graph .

must be specified .
must be [named] .

The elementary entities must be specified and may be atoms , molecules , ions , electrons , other particles , or specified groups of such particles .
the elementary entities must be [named] and may be atoms , molecules , ions , electrons , other particles , or [named] groups of such particles .

The amount of substance is proportional to the number of specified elementary entities of that substance .
the amount of substance is proportional to the number of [named] elementary entities of that substance .

The standard molar enthalpy of a reaction is the enthalpy change under standard conditions per mole of the reaction as specified by a balanced chemical equation .
the standard molar enthalpy of a reaction is the enthalpy change under standard conditions per mole of the reaction as [named] by a balanced chemical equation .

where the change in entropy , during a chemical or physical change is given by The entropy of one mole of a substance in its standard state at a specified temperature is called the standard molar entropy .
where the change in entropy , during a chemical or physical change is given by the entropy of one mole of a substance in its standard state at a [named] temperature is called the standard molar entropy .

( see section 3.1 ) , which dissolves in unit volume of the liquid at the temperature and pressure specified .
( see section 3.1 ) , which dissolves in unit volume of the liquid at the temperature and pressure [named] .

This includes among other things controlling , coordinating , motivating , and planning as specified by Brech .
this includes among other things controlling , coordinating , motivating , and planning as [named] by brech .

By this he means the degree to which an individual wants and chooses to engage in certain specified behaviour is low .
by this he means the degree to which an individual wants and chooses to engage in certain [named] behaviour is low .

Although many of these instructions are specified and as a result rarely used , the instruction set reduces the size of machine code software by reducing memory cost .
although many of these instructions are [named] and as a result rarely used , the instruction set reduces the size of machine code software by reducing memory cost .

For the master suite in the Lighthouse complex and the other luxurious bedrooms , Carolyne Penfold specified Champagne from the successful Silktones range .
for the master suite in the lighthouse complex and the other luxurious bedrooms , carolyne penfold [named] champagne from the successful silktones range .

All corridors , landings and lift lobbies are similarly covered with Stoddard Mercia carpets which , although laid in Edinburgh , were specified by a London designer .
all corridors , landings and lift lobbies are similarly covered with stoddard mercia carpets which , although laid in edinburgh , were [named] by a london designer .

These would include adjustment for items which are not tax deductible ; for example entertaining , and items for which special reliefs are given ; for example capital expenditure where allowances at certain specified rates can be claimed instead of depreciation as shown in the accounts .
these would include adjustment for items which are not tax deductible ; for example entertaining , and items for which special reliefs are given ; for example capital expenditure where allowances at certain [named] rates can be claimed instead of depreciation as shown in the accounts .

all equipment should be delivered on site to the main contractors on a specified date
all equipment should be delivered on site to the main contractors on a [named] date

Export credit agencies provide insurance against certain defaults to the exporter and guarantees to specified banks against which the banks advance the appropriate currency at a preferential interest rate .
export credit agencies provide insurance against certain defaults to the exporter and guarantees to [named] banks against which the banks advance the appropriate currency at a preferential interest rate .

If the project appraisal is flawed , or if the project only marginally exceeds the minimum rate of return specified by the organization , it is better that it should fail at the approval stage than be implemented with the risk of subsequent failure .
if the project appraisal is flawed , or if the project only marginally exceeds the minimum rate of return [named] by the organization , it is better that it should fail at the approval stage than be implemented with the risk of subsequent failure .

completed on time , to a specified quality and within budget
completed on time , to a [named] quality and within budget

For example , if the client wishes to restrict the contractor to working in specified hours , or to restrict access to parts of the works , the client must expect to pay more .
for example , if the client wishes to restrict the contractor to working in [named] hours , or to restrict access to parts of the works , the client must expect to pay more .

Occasionally contractors are unable or unwilling to supply a specified material or equipment .
occasionally contractors are unable or unwilling to supply a [named] material or equipment .

Substitution of specified material may increase or decrease costs to the employer and the engineer should ensure that the employer obtains a refund if a cheaper alternative is used .
substitution of [named] material may increase or decrease costs to the employer and the engineer should ensure that the employer obtains a refund if a cheaper alternative is used .

It is sensible for a contractor to apply for payment for work done to a specified date to limit the amount of funding required .
it is sensible for a contractor to apply for payment for work done to a [named] date to limit the amount of funding required .

In general the timing of any notice of an intention to submit a claim will be specified as will the person to whom the notice should be addressed .
in general the timing of any notice of an intention to submit a claim will be [named] as will the person to whom the notice should be addressed .

Table 7.3 shows the responsible person specified in a number of contracts in common use .
table 7.3 shows the responsible person [named] in a number of contracts in common use .

any specified sequences of work
any [named] sequences of work

On the previous day a military decree had been issued reaffirming a ban on all strikes and protest meetings , introducing 30-day administrative detention without trial , and outlawing specified nationalist organizations including the National Defence Council .
on the previous day a military decree had been issued reaffirming a ban on all strikes and protest meetings , introducing 30-day administrative detention without trial , and outlawing [named] nationalist organizations including the national defence council .

Shortly afterwards , on July 31 , the central bank introduced a two-tier dinar/US dollar exchange rate according to which ( i ) the government would continue to provide dollars at an existing fixed rate for a specified list of imports ; and ( ii ) a separate free market exchange rate would prevail for commercial banks meeting their legitimate foreign currency needs .
shortly afterwards , on july 31 , the central bank introduced a two-tier dinar/us dollar exchange rate according to which ( i ) the government would continue to provide dollars at an existing fixed rate for a [named] list of imports ; and ( ii ) a separate free market exchange rate would prevail for commercial banks meeting their legitimate foreign currency needs .

The agreement , under which the government expected to save $1,000 million , included options for the creditor banks ( i ) to make new bond loans carrying a 15-year maturity and seven-year grace period before payment of interest which would be equivalent to 20 per cent of their exposure ; ( ii ) to offer 30 per cent discounts on bonds for loans swaps in return for guarantees on principal and interest payments and additional payments after six years if oil prices rose beyond a specified level ( thought to be $26 per barrel ) ; ( iii ) to cut interest rates to 5 per cent for two years before gradually raising them ; or ( iv ) to allow the Venezuelan government to buy back existing loans at larger discounts ( estimated to be 60-65 per cent ) should the banks be willing to take the loss .
the agreement , under which the government expected to save $1,000 million , included options for the creditor banks ( i ) to make new bond loans carrying a 15-year maturity and seven-year grace period before payment of interest which would be equivalent to 20 per cent of their exposure ; ( ii ) to offer 30 per cent discounts on bonds for loans swaps in return for guarantees on principal and interest payments and additional payments after six years if oil prices rose beyond a [named] level ( thought to be $26 per barrel ) ; ( iii ) to cut interest rates to 5 per cent for two years before gradually raising them ; or ( iv ) to allow the venezuelan government to buy back existing loans at larger discounts ( estimated to be 60-65 per cent ) should the banks be willing to take the loss .

However , after several years of poor livestock production , a record 24,500,000 head were reported in 1989 ; the government attributed this partly to a contract and leasing system introduced in 1988 [ see also p. 36704 ] , by which rural workers contracted to supply specified products for wages , with their collective or the state farm supplying cattle , implements , machinery and land .
however , after several years of poor livestock production , a record 24,500,000 head were reported in 1989 ; the government attributed this partly to a contract and leasing system introduced in 1988 [ see also p. 36704 ] , by which rural workers contracted to supply [named] products for wages , with their collective or the state farm supplying cattle , implements , machinery and land .

But here there is no minimum price specified and stock is sold to the highest bidders and sold at the price that each has bid .
but here there is no minimum price [named] and stock is sold to the highest bidders and sold at the price that each has bid .

Such operations are carried out in Treasury bills , of one or more specified ( usually short ) maturities .
such operations are carried out in treasury bills , of one or more [named] ( usually short ) maturities .

It is an unconditional order in writing , addressed by one person or company to another , signed by the person or the company to whom it is addressed , to pay on demand or at a fixed or determinable future date a certain sum of money to , or to the order of , a specified person or company , or to bearer .
it is an unconditional order in writing , addressed by one person or company to another , signed by the person or the company to whom it is addressed , to pay on demand or at a fixed or determinable future date a certain sum of money to , or to the order of , a [named] person or company , or to bearer .

In 1651 the Dutch republic forbade its diplomats to accept gifts from foreign governments ; and in 1692 regulations were issued in Sweden which for the first time specified the value of those to be given to foreign representatives on their departure .
in 1651 the dutch republic forbade its diplomats to accept gifts from foreign governments ; and in 1692 regulations were issued in sweden which for the first time [named] the value of those to be given to foreign representatives on their departure .

In 1856 qualifying examinations were introduced in Great Britain for both the foreign office and the diplomatic service ; and in the same year the Sardinian government specified a similar test ( three written papers , one of them in French , and three oral examinations ) .
in 1856 qualifying examinations were introduced in great britain for both the foreign office and the diplomatic service ; and in the same year the sardinian government [named] a similar test ( three written papers , one of them in french , and three oral examinations ) .

Many states specified a minimum private income which recruits to their diplomatic services had to have ( for example the 6,000 lire demanded by the Sardinian government in 1856 which continued to apply in the new united Italy , or the £400 required in Britain ) .
many states [named] a minimum private income which recruits to their diplomatic services had to have ( for example the 6,000 lire demanded by the sardinian government in 1856 which continued to apply in the new united italy , or the £400 required in britain ) .

On the other , we are all highly adept at creating socially defined sub-categories of man and then treating the members of the groups thus specified as if they belonged to quite different species from our own .
on the other , we are all highly adept at creating socially defined sub-categories of man and then treating the members of the groups thus [named] as if they belonged to quite different species from our own .

In the dyad employer/employee the relationship is specified and recognizable in terms of who gives what to whom .
in the dyad employer/employee the relationship is [named] and recognizable in terms of who gives what to whom .

Such relationships are specified by several distinguishable criteria .
such relationships are [named] by several distinguishable criteria .

file the investment advertisement approval form , together with a copy of the advertisement bearing the approving partner 's original signature , as specified
file the investment advertisement approval form , together with a copy of the advertisement bearing the approving partner 's original signature , as [named]

To obtain an assurance from the vendors that they wish to pursue matters on an exclusive basis , at least for a specified time period
to obtain an assurance from the vendors that they wish to pursue matters on an exclusive basis , at least for a [named] time period

The most common occasion when the agreement is drafted by the seller 's solicitors is when the seller is offering a company on a tender basis under which information about the company , together with a draft contract , is sent out to those who express interest and they are required by a specified date to indicate the price they would be prepared to pay for the company and , often , the changes that they would request to the contract .
the most common occasion when the agreement is drafted by the seller 's solicitors is when the seller is offering a company on a tender basis under which information about the company , together with a draft contract , is sent out to those who express interest and they are required by a [named] date to indicate the price they would be prepared to pay for the company and , often , the changes that they would request to the contract .

The Companies Act affords certain powers to holders of specified percentages of the total voting capital :
the companies act affords certain powers to holders of [named] percentages of the total voting capital :

restrictions on transfer or voting rights as specified in the statutes of a company
restrictions on transfer or voting rights as [named] in the statutes of a company

It is the prime duty of the directors to check that they have complied with the law and that any investment advertisement issued by them on behalf of their company complies with , and contains the matters specified by , the law and by Stock Exchange and other regulations .
it is the prime duty of the directors to check that they have complied with the law and that any investment advertisement issued by them on behalf of their company complies with , and contains the matters [named] by , the law and by stock exchange and other regulations .

Note:If appropriate an estimate of fees may be provided couched with suitable caveats , and the person who is to settle the fees specified .
note:if appropriate an estimate of fees may be provided couched with suitable caveats , and the person who is to settle the fees [named] .

If appropriate , consider inserting wording indicating that interest ( at a specified rate etc ) will be charged for late payment .
if appropriate , consider inserting wording indicating that interest ( at a [named] rate etc ) will be charged for late payment .

If appropriate , consider inserting wording indicating that interest ( at a specified rate etc ) will be charged for late payment .
if appropriate , consider inserting wording indicating that interest ( at a [named] rate etc ) will be charged for late payment .

If appropriate , consider inserting workin indicating that interest ( at a specified rate etc ) will be charged for late payment .
if appropriate , consider inserting workin indicating that interest ( at a [named] rate etc ) will be charged for late payment .

If appropriate , consider inserting wording indicating that interest ( at a specified rate etc ) will be charged for late payment .
if appropriate , consider inserting wording indicating that interest ( at a [named] rate etc ) will be charged for late payment .

If appropriate , consider inserting wording indicating that interest ( at a specified rate etc ) will be charged for late payment .
if appropriate , consider inserting wording indicating that interest ( at a [named] rate etc ) will be charged for late payment .

a partial sale of [ shareholder ] 's x% stake with agreement for purchase of the remaining stock at some specified time in the future ; or
a partial sale of [ shareholder ] 's x% stake with agreement for purchase of the remaining stock at some [named] time in the future ; or

Each item comprised in Stock and Work in progress shall be valued at its cost as specified in paragraph ( i ) below or its net realisable value as specified in paragraph ( ii ) below , whichever is the lower .
each item comprised in stock and work in progress shall be valued at its cost as [named] in paragraph ( i ) below or its net realisable value as [named] in paragraph ( ii ) below , whichever is the lower .

What does an adverse change in financial position mean : adecrease in net assets , a decrease in specified ratios ( eg liquidity ) , a reduction in available overdraft facilities ?
what does an adverse change in financial position mean : adecrease in net assets , a decrease in [named] ratios ( eg liquidity ) , a reduction in available overdraft facilities ?

This last option need to be considered carefully and the ‘ self induced ’ breach clearly specified .
this last option need to be considered carefully and the ‘ self induced ’ breach clearly [named] .

Through a series of focus group interviews , it is intended that the level of awareness of alternative treatment systems be measured , the obstacles to acceptance of treated straw identified , and the target market for straw treatment systems specified .
through a series of focus group interviews , it is intended that the level of awareness of alternative treatment systems be measured , the obstacles to acceptance of treated straw identified , and the target market for straw treatment systems [named] .

Private generators could either sell direct to final customers by leasing the use of the public sector 's transmission network ( the Act guaranteed access on specified terms ) or they could sell to the public sector electricity industry ( the Act required purchase to take place on specified terms ) .
private generators could either sell direct to final customers by leasing the use of the public sector 's transmission network ( the act guaranteed access on [named] terms ) or they could sell to the public sector electricity industry ( the act required purchase to take place on [named] terms ) .

According to one school of thought , a bargaining problem can be fully specified in a mathematical form , and then a unique ‘ solution ’ can be deduced ; rational bargainers , it is argued , would settle on this solution .
according to one school of thought , a bargaining problem can be fully [named] in a mathematical form , and then a unique ‘ solution ’ can be deduced ; rational bargainers , it is argued , would settle on this solution .

The first is to gain a comprehensive picture of the development of industrial relations practices and procedures in the banking industry for the period specified .
the first is to gain a comprehensive picture of the development of industrial relations practices and procedures in the banking industry for the period [named] .

The conference extended awareness and interest in the specified topics within Britain .
the conference extended awareness and interest in the [named] topics within britain .

If ‘ competence ’ is to be usefully specified it must initially be in terms current amongst police .
if ‘ competence ’ is to be usefully [named] it must initially be in terms current amongst police .

Among the specified matters covered by the new laws are :
among the [named] matters covered by the new laws are :

Call-out response time to be specified .
call-out response time to be [named] .

While every effort is made to offer those who book late the course they have requested , the school reserves the right to offer an alternative Executive Course in the case of applications not received within the specified time .
while every effort is made to offer those who book late the course they have requested , the school reserves the right to offer an alternative executive course in the case of applications not received within the [named] time .

Demonstrations are the only way of testing out claims made for software systems and ensuring that the system supplied is the one that was specified .
demonstrations are the only way of testing out claims made for software systems and ensuring that the system supplied is the one that was [named] .

This command tells it to set up a storage area called Employees and to allocate space for Employee Number , Name , Department and any other items specified .
this command tells it to set up a storage area called employees and to allocate space for employee number , name , department and any other items [named] .

In late 1992 , much political debate centred around the government 's determination to keep expenditure plans for 1993/ 94 within the specified ‘ planning total ’ of 244.5bn .
in late 1992 , much political debate centred around the government 's determination to keep expenditure plans for 1993/ 94 within the [named] ‘ planning total ’ of 244.5bn .

CDs , as they are known , are paper assets issued by banks , building societies and finance houses to depositors who are willing to leave their money on deposit for a specified period of time .
cds , as they are known , are paper assets issued by banks , building societies and finance houses to depositors who are willing to leave their money on deposit for a [named] period of time .

a ‘ prohibition notice ’ can be issued to prevent the trader upon whom it is served from supplying any specified type of goods which the Secretary of State considers unsafe :
a ‘ prohibition notice ’ can be issued to prevent the trader upon whom it is served from supplying any [named] type of goods which the secretary of state considers unsafe :

a ‘ notice to warn ’ can require the trader upon whom it is served to take specified steps to warn consumers about unsafe goods which that trader supplies or has already supplied .
a ‘ notice to warn ’ can require the trader upon whom it is served to take [named] steps to warn consumers about unsafe goods which that trader supplies or has already supplied .

( iii ) The parties agreed that delivery could be made by instalments ( either on specified dates or ‘ as required ’ ) and the contract is severable ( divisible ) .
( iii ) the parties agreed that delivery could be made by instalments ( either on [named] dates or ‘ as required ’ ) and the contract is severable ( divisible ) .

The Advisory Committee has agreed with the Director 's proposal-either as it stood or subject to specified modifica-tion ;
the advisory committee has agreed with the director 's proposal-either as it stood or subject to [named] modifica-tion ;

To ensure its independence , its members must comprise a specified mixture of lay and legal representatives who should be appointed by a Parliamentary Committee and report direct to Parliament .
to ensure its independence , its members must comprise a [named] mixture of lay and legal representatives who should be appointed by a parliamentary committee and report direct to parliament .

The rest of the specifications are in the specifications box — extract from them what is of interest to you , but take it from me that the machine is as well specified as any at this price .
the rest of the specifications are in the specifications box — extract from them what is of interest to you , but take it from me that the machine is as well [named] as any at this price .

Comprising a quality paper on a Kraft silicone backing for assured foul-free printer throughput and featuring an environmentally friendly water based adhesive , the labels are available in white or a custom specified background colour , with optional bespoke printing depicting corporate graphics etc. , in up to 2 colours .
comprising a quality paper on a kraft silicone backing for assured foul-free printer throughput and featuring an environmentally friendly water based adhesive , the labels are available in white or a custom [named] background colour , with optional bespoke printing depicting corporate graphics etc. , in up to 2 colours .

This can be specified from a range including a general category , children 's book , newspaper article , advertising copy , novel , magazine article , technical manual , government report , or ‘ bureaucratic ’ .
this can be [named] from a range including a general category , children 's book , newspaper article , advertising copy , novel , magazine article , technical manual , government report , or ‘ bureaucratic ’ .

Maxi-Read allows any text file and path directive to be specified for analysis , but you can also input text directly into the program for consideration .
maxi-read allows any text file and path directive to be [named] for analysis , but you can also input text directly into the program for consideration .

Fireater will be supplying their renowned Viking layflat hose complete with couplings specified by British Coal made of plastic and alloy materials .
fireater will be supplying their renowned viking layflat hose complete with couplings [named] by british coal made of plastic and alloy materials .

Rupert had not specified what the ‘ friends ’ consisted of , so nobody could have known about the anthropological colleague and his wife and their children aged seven , five , and three , or pictured Rupert going to church alone on Christmas morning , helping to wash up after the adequate but plain Christmas dinner , spending the evening talking shop , and retiring early to his hard uncomfortable bed .
rupert had not [named] what the ‘ friends ’ consisted of , so nobody could have known about the anthropological colleague and his wife and their children aged seven , five , and three , or pictured rupert going to church alone on christmas morning , helping to wash up after the adequate but plain christmas dinner , spending the evening talking shop , and retiring early to his hard uncomfortable bed .

The shape of such a curve is dependent on the rate of testing , consequently , this must be specified if a meaningful comparison of data is to be made .
the shape of such a curve is dependent on the rate of testing , consequently , this must be [named] if a meaningful comparison of data is to be made .

If the operator is following a linear feature , such as a contour line , the digitizer can be switched to streaming mode and the location of the pointer recorded at some specified time interval , such as every tenth of a second .
if the operator is following a linear feature , such as a contour line , the digitizer can be switched to streaming mode and the location of the pointer recorded at some [named] time interval , such as every tenth of a second .

% ( hatching ) : connects string of specified x , y coordinates defining the outline of a polygon and hatches inside it using specified line spacing and angle .
% ( hatching ) : connects string of [named] x , y coordinates defining the outline of a polygon and hatches inside it using [named] line spacing and angle .

Once the zone outline coordinates have been measured and entered into a data file the statistical variable to be mapped is specified .
once the zone outline coordinates have been measured and entered into a data file the statistical variable to be mapped is [named] .

This elective can be used to ensure that those data with a value below that specified by elective 4 are mapped .
this elective can be used to ensure that those data with a value below that [named] by elective 4 are mapped .

Elective 5 : as elective 4 except that the maximum required value is specified .
elective 5 : as elective 4 except that the maximum required value is [named] .

In the present version of the model the train timetable is fixed for a 24-hour period , with trains running every x minutes , x being a value specified by the user .
in the present version of the model the train timetable is fixed for a 24-hour period , with trains running every x minutes , x being a value [named] by the user .

Variables such as x and b in the preceding description are all specified by the user of the program , so that different situations can be modelled .
variables such as x and b in the preceding description are all [named] by the user of the program , so that different situations can be modelled .

the probability of flooding must be less than a specified level ;
the probability of flooding must be less than a [named] level ;

the probability of strong winds and tornadoes must be below a specified level ;
the probability of strong winds and tornadoes must be below a [named] level ;

Functional management at any level is concerned with the running of an organization in being , that is charged with providing on-going services of a specified nature in an economic manner for as long as the company is in business .
functional management at any level is concerned with the running of an organization in being , that is charged with providing on-going services of a [named] nature in an economic manner for as long as the company is in business .

In this book the essential difference is taken to be that an objective must be quantitative in terms of results and time , while a goal may be less rigorously specified .
in this book the essential difference is taken to be that an objective must be quantitative in terms of results and time , while a goal may be less rigorously [named] .

By definition , an uncertain quantity is one whose value can lie anywhere along a specified range .
by definition , an uncertain quantity is one whose value can lie anywhere along a [named] range .

The pricing of the items to the user reflects the settings of these two parameters , which are specified in the contract of procurement .
the pricing of the items to the user reflects the settings of these two parameters , which are [named] in the contract of procurement .

And of course he was beset by orders and suggestions from other collectors : William Ogilby advised him to collect 6 or 8 specimens of every species , particularly the great red woolly kangaroo , which were in great demand not only in England but on the Continent as well ; Jardine asked for seeds as well as numerous other specified ‘ things in spirits ’ ; Thomas Campbell Eyton wanted as many petrels as Gould could capture for a monograph on the Procellaridae .
and of course he was beset by orders and suggestions from other collectors : william ogilby advised him to collect 6 or 8 specimens of every species , particularly the great red woolly kangaroo , which were in great demand not only in england but on the continent as well ; jardine asked for seeds as well as numerous other [named] ‘ things in spirits ’ ; thomas campbell eyton wanted as many petrels as gould could capture for a monograph on the procellaridae .

The price at which a participant may acquire ordinary shares in the Company ( ‘ shares ’ ) on the exercise of an option shall be determined by the Directors but shall not be less than the middle market quotation of a share as derived from the London Stock Exchange Daily Official List for the last dealing day before eligible employees are invited to apply for options ( or , if higher , the nominal value of a share ) , or , if certain specified conditions are satisfied , 85% of such figure ( ‘ Discounted Options ’ ) .
the price at which a participant may acquire ordinary shares in the company ( ‘ shares ’ ) on the exercise of an option shall be determined by the directors but shall not be less than the middle market quotation of a share as derived from the london stock exchange daily official list for the last dealing day before eligible employees are invited to apply for options ( or , if higher , the nominal value of a share ) , or , if certain [named] conditions are satisfied , 85% of such figure ( ‘ discounted options ’ ) .

The link record is usually not redundant , that is , it contains useful information in itself ( in the relational model , it may well have been specified in any case , as a separate relation formed from a relationship in the data analysis phase ) .
the link record is usually not redundant , that is , it contains useful information in itself ( in the relational model , it may well have been [named] in any case , as a separate relation formed from a relationship in the data analysis phase ) .

Nominations must be of a Member of the Parliamentary Party in the House of Commons , who must be proposed and seconded by other such Members and supported by 200 members in aggregate in not less than 20 Local Parties ( including , for this purpose , the Specified Associated organisations representing youth and students as provided by Article 13 .
nominations must be of a member of the parliamentary party in the house of commons , who must be proposed and seconded by other such members and supported by 200 members in aggregate in not less than 20 local parties ( including , for this purpose , the [named] associated organisations representing youth and students as provided by article 13 .

Because of the nature of the furnishings in a dining room ( a large , flat surface , empty walls ) and because it is needed to serve its purpose only at regular , specified times during the day ( meal times ) , it is an ideal room to serve as a collector 's library .
because of the nature of the furnishings in a dining room ( a large , flat surface , empty walls ) and because it is needed to serve its purpose only at regular , [named] times during the day ( meal times ) , it is an ideal room to serve as a collector 's library .

The bidirectional reflectance is the ratio of the radiance of a target under specified angular conditions of irradiance and viewing , to the radiance of a Lambertian reflector placed within the scene .
the bidirectional reflectance is the ratio of the radiance of a target under [named] angular conditions of irradiance and viewing , to the radiance of a lambertian reflector placed within the scene .

Outputs the number specified to the mini-printer or data-collecting device , in the required format .
outputs the number [named] to the mini-printer or data-collecting device , in the required format .

Calls a low-level procedure getframe in turn for each half of the image and then waits through a specified decay period , the exposure .
calls a low-level procedure getframe in turn for each half of the image and then waits through a [named] decay period , the exposure .

To achieve the specified overall reduction in pollution , the firm can cut back most in the plants in which pollution reduction is cheapest .
to achieve the [named] overall reduction in pollution , the firm can cut back most in the plants in which pollution reduction is cheapest .

If companies achieve any or all of these benefits they will increase productivity and lower the cost of making any specified output level .
if companies achieve any or all of these benefits they will increase productivity and lower the cost of making any [named] output level .

The 1978 changes were ( 1 ) the introduction of a required real rate of return of 5 per cent , not on new investment projects , as the test discount rate implied , but on existing capital assets , and ( 2 ) the introduction of cash limits for each industry , a target profit or loss specified by the government in the light of the industry 's circumstances .
the 1978 changes were ( 1 ) the introduction of a required real rate of return of 5 per cent , not on new investment projects , as the test discount rate implied , but on existing capital assets , and ( 2 ) the introduction of cash limits for each industry , a target profit or loss [named] by the government in the light of the industry 's circumstances .

The language specified by this grammar had in excess of 6*109 sentences which were all syntactically and semantically well formed .
the language [named] by this grammar had in excess of 6*109 sentences which were all syntactically and semantically well formed .

Small wonder at the end of a week , punch-drunk wth boredom , they were vague about how many they would normally do in a specified time-period .
small wonder at the end of a week , punch-drunk wth boredom , they were vague about how many they would normally do in a [named] time-period .

Motion made , and Question proposed , That a further sum not exceeding £1,680,076,000 be granted to Her Majesty out of the Consolidated Fund to defray the charges that will come in course of payment during the year ending on 31st March 1992 for expenditure by the Department of Social Security on non-contributory retirement pensions , Christmas bonus payments to pensioners , pensions etc. , for disablement or death arising out of war or service in the armed forces after 2nd September 1939 and on sundry other services , on attendance allowances , invalid care allowance , severe disablement allowance , mobility allowance ; on pensions gratuities and sundry allowances for disablement and specified deaths arising from industrial causes ; on income support , transitional payment , child benefit , one parent benefit , family credit , and on the vaccine damage payment scheme .
motion made , and question proposed , that a further sum not exceeding £1,680,076,000 be granted to her majesty out of the consolidated fund to defray the charges that will come in course of payment during the year ending on 31st march 1992 for expenditure by the department of social security on non-contributory retirement pensions , christmas bonus payments to pensioners , pensions etc. , for disablement or death arising out of war or service in the armed forces after 2nd september 1939 and on sundry other services , on attendance allowances , invalid care allowance , severe disablement allowance , mobility allowance ; on pensions gratuities and sundry allowances for disablement and [named] deaths arising from industrial causes ; on income support , transitional payment , child benefit , one parent benefit , family credit , and on the vaccine damage payment scheme .

On receipt of a bill , the charge payer is given a specified date by which he or she should pay each instalment .
on receipt of a bill , the charge payer is given a [named] date by which he or she should pay each instalment .

The Government also introduced powers , under section 141 of the Criminal Justice Act 1988 , to ban offensive weapons as specified by means of statutory instruments .
the government also introduced powers , under section 141 of the criminal justice act 1988 , to ban offensive weapons as [named] by means of statutory instruments .

Further , does he realise that Rolls-Royce now has very little chance of being specified as the lead engine on the 777 ?
further , does he realise that rolls-royce now has very little chance of being [named] as the lead engine on the 777 ?

Under current European Community regulations , individual patients may be referred elsewhere in the Community for treatment in certain specified circumstances , with the prior authorisation of the Department .
under current european community regulations , individual patients may be referred elsewhere in the community for treatment in certain [named] circumstances , with the prior authorisation of the department .

All cases against individuals involving less than a specified amount ( £25,000 , for example ) should be enforced through the County Court .
all cases against individuals involving less than a [named] amount ( £25,000 , for example ) should be enforced through the county court .

( 2 ) The proceedings to be taken on each of those sittings shall be as shown in the second column , and shall be brought to a conclusion at the time specified in the third column , of the following Table —
( 2 ) the proceedings to be taken on each of those sittings shall be as shown in the second column , and shall be brought to a conclusion at the time [named] in the third column , of the following table —

( 2 ) The proceedings to be taken on each of those days shall be as shown in the second column , and shall be brought to a conclusion at the time specified in the third column , of the following Table —
( 2 ) the proceedings to be taken on each of those days shall be as shown in the second column , and shall be brought to a conclusion at the time [named] in the third column , of the following table —

The groundwater protection provisions are inadequate in that the powers granted to the Secretary of State in the Bill would enable him to weaken the protections specified in the schedule .
the groundwater protection provisions are inadequate in that the powers granted to the secretary of state in the bill would enable him to weaken the protections [named] in the schedule .

As the legislation stands and under the powers contained in clause 21 ( 2 ) , the Secretary of State could alter the rights of householders to cover only compensation instead of remedial work , as specified in schedule 7 .
as the legislation stands and under the powers contained in clause 21 ( 2 ) , the secretary of state could alter the rights of householders to cover only compensation instead of remedial work , as [named] in schedule 7 .

An agreement to sell some unspecified goods out of a larger specified quantity , as in Kursell v. Timber Operators , is not a contract for the sale of specific goods .
an agreement to sell some unspecified goods out of a larger [named] quantity , as in kursell v. timber operators , is not a contract for the sale of specific goods .

’ This description does not tell us which 12 out of the specified 13 are being sold .
’ this description does not tell us which 12 out of the [named] 13 are being sold .

Unascertained goods out of a specified bulk — e.g. ‘ 500 tons of wheat from the cargo of 1,000 tons on the ‘ Challenger . ’ ’
unascertained goods out of a [named] bulk — e.g. ‘ 500 tons of wheat from the cargo of 1,000 tons on the ‘ challenger . ’ ’

In the former the seller can fulfil his contract only by delivery of 500 tons from the specified cargo , whereas in the latter he can fulfil his contract by supplying 500 tons from any source .
in the former the seller can fulfil his contract only by delivery of 500 tons from the [named] cargo , whereas in the latter he can fulfil his contract by supplying 500 tons from any source .

The seller will normally send by air to the buyer some documents : one will be the bill of lading transferred to the buyer to enable him to collect the goods at their port of destination ; another will be a bill of exchange which the buyer will normally sign and return thereby undertaking to pay for the goods on the date specified on the bill of exchange .
the seller will normally send by air to the buyer some documents : one will be the bill of lading transferred to the buyer to enable him to collect the goods at their port of destination ; another will be a bill of exchange which the buyer will normally sign and return thereby undertaking to pay for the goods on the date [named] on the bill of exchange .

This is possible where , as in Sterns v. Vickers , the contract is for the sale of unascertained goods out of a specified bulk .
this is possible where , as in sterns v. vickers , the contract is for the sale of unascertained goods out of a [named] bulk .

This restriction on the buyer 's rights would apply only to breaches of the conditions in sections 13–15 and would not apply where the contract clearly specified to the contrary .
this restriction on the buyer 's rights would apply only to breaches of the conditions in sections 13–15 and would not apply where the contract clearly [named] to the contrary .

The Thatcher government [ … ] reduced trade union power by limiting closed-shop agreements and making unions liable to civil court actions in specified circumstances , such as secondary picketing .
the thatcher government [ … ] reduced trade union power by limiting closed-shop agreements and making unions liable to civil court actions in [named] circumstances , such as secondary picketing .

Products are obliged to meet specified safety standards and firms are required to inform consumers of the conditions attached to the sale of goods .
products are obliged to meet [named] safety standards and firms are required to inform consumers of the conditions attached to the sale of goods .

This lack of formal analysis leaves the dynamic features of the theory inadequately specified , and thereby limits the relevance of claims it makes to explain the historical evolution of the firm .
this lack of formal analysis leaves the dynamic features of the theory inadequately [named] , and thereby limits the relevance of claims it makes to explain the historical evolution of the firm .

To be employed is to have an ongoing contract that holds you accountable for doing work of a given type for a specified number of hours per week in exchange for payment .
to be employed is to have an ongoing contract that holds you accountable for doing work of a given type for a [named] number of hours per week in exchange for payment .

2 To ascertain the extent of behavioural change related to health in a specified community .
2 to ascertain the extent of behavioural change related to health in a [named] community .

On other occasions , where the search must be specified with a number of interacting concepts and other parameters , it will be necessary to write the concepts down .
on other occasions , where the search must be [named] with a number of interacting concepts and other parameters , it will be necessary to write the concepts down .

In a general classification scheme , a main class is one of the broad classes into which knowledge is divided before further analysis begins and for which there is no broader containing class . In respect of the main classes , the following requirements can be specified :
in a general classification scheme , a main class is one of the broad classes into which knowledge is divided before further analysis begins and for which there is no broader containing class . in respect of the main classes , the following requirements can be [named] :

The selection of certain subjects to be specified and the omission of other subjects is rather dependent upon the collection to be classified ; thus , especially with regard to the selection process , it is difficult to design a scheme which is suitable for a number of different libraries .
the selection of certain subjects to be [named] and the omission of other subjects is rather dependent upon the collection to be classified ; thus , especially with regard to the selection process , it is difficult to design a scheme which is suitable for a number of different libraries .

until all subjects that need to be specified have been enumerated .
until all subjects that need to be [named] have been enumerated .

Time ‘ … ’ permits date to be specified in detail or other features of time to be reflected .
time ‘ … ’ permits date to be [named] in detail or other features of time to be reflected .

The terms which are to be used are likely to be specified , and synonyms recognized and probably eliminated ( for example , Packaging may be indicated as preferable to Wrapping ) .
the terms which are to be used are likely to be [named] , and synonyms recognized and probably eliminated ( for example , packaging may be indicated as preferable to wrapping ) .

Other refinements are also available which permit the part of the hierarchy from which a term is drawn to be specified .
other refinements are also available which permit the part of the hierarchy from which a term is drawn to be [named] .

automatic explosion of searches when requested , to include specified types of related terms .
automatic explosion of searches when requested , to include [named] types of related terms .

Yes … ’ He turned away and started trudging through the wet grass in the direction Lesley-Jane had specified .
yes … ’ he turned away and started trudging through the wet grass in the direction lesley-jane had [named] .

For a specified factor price ratio ( ) , marginal cost is unaffected by the corporate tax and hence there is no change in price ( in ( 7–35 ) ) .
for a [named] factor price ratio ( ) , marginal cost is unaffected by the corporate tax and hence there is no change in price ( in ( 7–35 ) ) .

As we have seen in Lecture 7 , equilibrium in the factor or output markets may not be achieved , and we have to examine in the context of a fully specified disequilibrium model whether the economy converges to an equilibrium path , which in turn may or may not be tending to a steady state .
as we have seen in lecture 7 , equilibrium in the factor or output markets may not be achieved , and we have to examine in the context of a fully [named] disequilibrium model whether the economy converges to an equilibrium path , which in turn may or may not be tending to a steady state .

Since the mechanism by which equilibrium is attained is not in general specified ( although see Tobin , 1955 , Solow , 1956 , and Meade , 1961 ) , it is a heroic assumption .
since the mechanism by which equilibrium is attained is not in general [named] ( although see tobin , 1955 , solow , 1956 , and meade , 1961 ) , it is a heroic assumption .

The redistributive impact of the state has been analysed in terms of the effect of a specified set of taxes and expenditures , but no attempt has been made to examine how particular types of policy came to be adopted .
the redistributive impact of the state has been analysed in terms of the effect of a [named] set of taxes and expenditures , but no attempt has been made to examine how particular types of policy came to be adopted .

voting models , viewing public choices as the outcome of an explicitly specified political process , typically majority voting ;
voting models , viewing public choices as the outcome of an explicitly [named] political process , typically majority voting ;

The burden of the Arrow theorem is , therefore , that there exists no mechanism for making social choices that satisfy the four specified conditions simultaneously .
the burden of the arrow theorem is , therefore , that there exists no mechanism for making social choices that satisfy the four [named] conditions simultaneously .

The head of an agency can not typically ensure that his subordinates behave in a way that is exactly specified ; he can only design a policy to which they respond , and his perception of their response shapes the design .
the head of an agency can not typically ensure that his subordinates behave in a way that is exactly [named] ; he can only design a policy to which they respond , and his perception of their response shapes the design .

It is possible to buy and sell foreign exchange in ‘ futures ’ markets : that is , it is possible to conclude a contract now to buy foreign exchange at some specific future date at a price specified now .
it is possible to buy and sell foreign exchange in ‘ futures ’ markets : that is , it is possible to conclude a contract now to buy foreign exchange at some specific future date at a price [named] now .

The advantage of the forward market is that the transaction is risk-free : the price is specified now , with certainty .
the advantage of the forward market is that the transaction is risk-free : the price is [named] now , with certainty .

Suppose that a contract to sell at a given price for a specified period is , for whatever reason , advantageous to both buyers and sellers .
suppose that a contract to sell at a given price for a [named] period is , for whatever reason , advantageous to both buyers and sellers .

Each isotopic substitution gives in principle one extra piece of information about the force field , and for several small molecules enough isotopic species have been studied to allow the force field to be specified fully .
each isotopic substitution gives in principle one extra piece of information about the force field , and for several small molecules enough isotopic species have been studied to allow the force field to be [named] fully .

The observation of a progression enables the vibrational potential function to be specified over a wide range of the quantum number ν .
the observation of a progression enables the vibrational potential function to be [named] over a wide range of the quantum number ν .

Those studies specified and estimated the conditional probability of leaving unemployment .
those studies [named] and estimated the conditional probability of leaving unemployment .

These two probabilities can not be identified separately because of how they are specified .
these two probabilities can not be identified separately because of how they are [named] .

The aliquots are withdrawn from specified depths at the time intervals shown for a full analysis of the fine particle content .
the aliquots are withdrawn from [named] depths at the time intervals shown for a full analysis of the fine particle content .

Distribution of the ‘ pan residue ’ fraction from sieving among a specified number of phi classes ‘ to permit application of moment methods ’ is not good practise and may lead to misleading , if not meaningless , results being obtained .
distribution of the ‘ pan residue ’ fraction from sieving among a [named] number of phi classes ‘ to permit application of moment methods ’ is not good practise and may lead to misleading , if not meaningless , results being obtained .

They do this by collecting premiums or contributions from large numbers of people in return for an agreement to compensate the policy-holder in the event of a specified event occurring within a specified time .
they do this by collecting premiums or contributions from large numbers of people in return for an agreement to compensate the policy-holder in the event of a [named] event occurring within a [named] time .

They can be turned into money on demand in most cases ; even where notice might originally have been specified this can usually be waived for a small interest penalty .
they can be turned into money on demand in most cases ; even where notice might originally have been [named] this can usually be waived for a small interest penalty .

Bills are certificates containing a promise to pay a specified sum of money to the holder at a specified time in the future .
bills are certificates containing a promise to pay a [named] sum of money to the holder at a [named] time in the future .

six-month CDs with a guarantee of further renewal on specified terms .
six-month cds with a guarantee of further renewal on [named] terms .

Except where otherwise specified , these Acts apply to England and Wales .
except where otherwise [named] , these acts apply to england and wales .

This Act specified the responsibilities of LEAs and governors for the maintenance of voluntary schools , and of LEAs in some circumstances for the enlargement of controlled schools .
this act [named] the responsibilities of leas and governors for the maintenance of voluntary schools , and of leas in some circumstances for the enlargement of controlled schools .

These Regulations specified how and when direct grants were to be phased out .
these regulations [named] how and when direct grants were to be phased out .

The 1944 Act specified only one compulsory subject for schools — religious education — and even there individual pupils could opt out if their parents wished .
the 1944 act [named] only one compulsory subject for schools — religious education — and even there individual pupils could opt out if their parents wished .

In 1695 and 1708 Parliament , stung to action by the clamours of the London merchants , passed legislation which compelled the Admiralty to allocate specified numbers of ships to the task of protecting commerce ; an unsuccessful Bill for the same purpose was introduced in 1742 .
in 1695 and 1708 parliament , stung to action by the clamours of the london merchants , passed legislation which compelled the admiralty to allocate [named] numbers of ships to the task of protecting commerce ; an unsuccessful bill for the same purpose was introduced in 1742 .

There was further a need to replace what had hitherto been a haphazard method of payment by a more formalised scheme involving the payment of a specified sum on the completion of each flat .
there was further a need to replace what had hitherto been a haphazard method of payment by a more formalised scheme involving the payment of a [named] sum on the completion of each flat .

Some historians have been arguing recently that payments of census and hostilicium specified in some polyptychs are forms of tax collection and demonstrate the continuity of taxation , and of the administrative structures to exact it , from the late Roman period to the Carolingians .
some historians have been arguing recently that payments of census and hostilicium [named] in some polyptychs are forms of tax collection and demonstrate the continuity of taxation , and of the administrative structures to exact it , from the late roman period to the carolingians .

Charles 's charters include 19 grants ( 15 of them dating from the second half of the reign ) of rights over markets , often specified as weekly markets rather than annual fairs .
charles 's charters include 19 grants ( 15 of them dating from the second half of the reign ) of rights over markets , often [named] as weekly markets rather than annual fairs .

It was felt that some of the local footpaths and bridleways would benefit from more attention — the individual paths were not specified .
it was felt that some of the local footpaths and bridleways would benefit from more attention — the individual paths were not [named] .

Franco 's position of superior strength was consolidated further when , around 23 August , Germany and Italy decided to send all future aid to him , or to the places specified by him , and nowhere else .
franco 's position of superior strength was consolidated further when , around 23 august , germany and italy decided to send all future aid to him , or to the places [named] by him , and nowhere else .

The Lead Body has specified that the assessment environment should be as natural as possible and model the conditions of the workplace — its realism , consistency of performance and the need to deal with unexpected contingencies .
the lead body has [named] that the assessment environment should be as natural as possible and model the conditions of the workplace — its realism , consistency of performance and the need to deal with unexpected contingencies .

Alternatively , a report could be located/created and an extract from the spreadsheet file in Task 2 would be imported in grid format or , if the system allows , in specified graphical format .
alternatively , a report could be located/created and an extract from the spreadsheet file in task 2 would be imported in grid format or , if the system allows , in [named] graphical format .

An assignment consists of any problem solving exercise set by a teacher/lecturer with clear guidelines and specified length .
an assignment consists of any problem solving exercise set by a teacher/lecturer with clear guidelines and [named] length .

‘ The ability to perform activities required to the standards specified . ’
‘ the ability to perform activities required to the standards [named] . ’

This form of assessment presents the student with the opportunity of displaying practical skills which may involve the completion of a specified task or procedure or the production of an artifact .
this form of assessment presents the student with the opportunity of displaying practical skills which may involve the completion of a [named] task or procedure or the production of an artifact .

An assignment may be defined as a mini project or as any problem solving exercise with clear guidelines and of specified length .
an assignment may be defined as a mini project or as any problem solving exercise with clear guidelines and of [named] length .

In addition to entering the details and results of activities , a note of how decisions were taken and why specified options were selected should be included .
in addition to entering the details and results of activities , a note of how decisions were taken and why [named] options were selected should be included .

Her role is simply to assist union members in taking certain specified types of legal action against their trade union .
her role is simply to assist union members in taking certain [named] types of legal action against their trade union .

Indeed , at first the Commissioner 's role was limited to those areas in the nature of public rights , now specified in section 109 ( 1 ) of the Trade Union and Labour Relations ( Consolidation ) Act 1992 .
indeed , at first the commissioner 's role was limited to those areas in the nature of public rights , now [named] in section 109 ( 1 ) of the trade union and labour relations ( consolidation ) act 1992 .

To succeed in a claim for compensation , therefore , an employee must overcome the various thresholds or conditions specified in secti
to succeed in a claim for compensation , therefore , an employee must overcome the various thresholds or conditions [named] in secti

Individual risk is defined by The Institution of Chemical Engineers as ‘ the frequency at which an individual may be expected to sustain a given level of harm from the realisation of specified hazards ’ .
individual risk is defined by the institution of chemical engineers as ‘ the frequency at which an individual may be expected to sustain a given level of harm from the realisation of [named] hazards ’ .

Societal risk is defined by IChemE as ‘ the relationship between frequency and the number of people suffering from a specified hazards ’ .
societal risk is defined by icheme as ‘ the relationship between frequency and the number of people suffering from a [named] hazards ’ .

The section of the White Paper which specified ‘ school records , supplemented if necessary by intelligence tests ’ was dropped from the Bill without any discussion .
the section of the white paper which [named] ‘ school records , supplemented if necessary by intelligence tests ’ was dropped from the bill without any discussion .

( 1991 , Experiment 3 ) , however , all simply had subjects watch slides without any particular task being specified , none of these studies showed clear support for the hypothesis .
( 1991 , experiment 3 ) , however , all simply had subjects watch slides without any particular task being [named] , none of these studies showed clear support for the hypothesis .

This was specified because such descriptions might reflect only recruitment of previous knowledge about the junction .
this was [named] because such descriptions might reflect only recruitment of previous knowledge about the junction .

If an advert is to be placed in the Scotsman and/or the Evening News , as these are daily papers , it is important that the day/date is specified clearly to the Regional Information Office .
if an advert is to be placed in the scotsman and/or the evening news , as these are daily papers , it is important that the day/date is [named] clearly to the regional information office .

3 Your terms and conditions of employment ( including certain provisions relating to your working conditions ) are covered by existing collective agreements negotiated and agreed with a specified trade union or unions ( see paragraph 12 below ) recognised by the Council for collective bargaining purposes in respect of the employment group to which you belong .
3 your terms and conditions of employment ( including certain provisions relating to your working conditions ) are covered by existing collective agreements negotiated and agreed with a [named] trade union or unions ( see paragraph 12 below ) recognised by the council for collective bargaining purposes in respect of the employment group to which you belong .

From time to time variations in your terms and conditions of employment will result from negotiations and agreement with the specified union or unions , and these will be separately notified to your or otherwise incorporated in the documents to which you have reference .
from time to time variations in your terms and conditions of employment will result from negotiations and agreement with the [named] union or unions , and these will be separately notified to your or otherwise incorporated in the documents to which you have reference .

If you are dissatisfied with any disciplinary decision relating to you , you have a right to apply for a review of the decision to the next level of officer specified in the procedure referred to in paragraph 3 above .
if you are dissatisfied with any disciplinary decision relating to you , you have a right to apply for a review of the decision to the next level of officer [named] in the procedure referred to in paragraph 3 above .

Details of the specified trade unions on the appropriate negotiating body are available for you to refer to in the Administration Unit .
details of the [named] trade unions on the appropriate negotiating body are available for you to refer to in the administration unit .

Both entities and properties may be specified in more detail by extending them with elements of either type using this relation .
both entities and properties may be [named] in more detail by extending them with elements of either type using this relation .

( As specified in Chapter 1 , we shall normally use assign to mean assign the relation of qualification , although it is also possible to assign the relation of equation . )
( as [named] in chapter 1 , we shall normally use assign to mean assign the relation of qualification , although it is also possible to assign the relation of equation . )

Coronation became important in the acceptance of an emperor or a king and coronation or , more importantly , the prior consecration could only be performed by a high ecclesiastic , the pope or certain specified archbishops .
coronation became important in the acceptance of an emperor or a king and coronation or , more importantly , the prior consecration could only be performed by a high ecclesiastic , the pope or certain [named] archbishops .

The Company holds a personal accident insurance policy in its own name covering all permanent employees anywhere in the world , whether or not engaged on Company business , subject to certain specified exclusions .
the company holds a personal accident insurance policy in its own name covering all permanent employees anywhere in the world , whether or not engaged on company business , subject to certain [named] exclusions .

For any sample size there will be an inverse relationship between these ; the smaller the range specified , the lower the probability of accuracy it will be possible to associate with it .
for any sample size there will be an inverse relationship between these ; the smaller the range [named] , the lower the probability of accuracy it will be possible to associate with it .

The researcher goes out looking for respondents who conform to the quota requirements , either by knocking on doors or by asking people in the street to participate : it must be stressed that the point is not to interview everyone who happens to live on the street or who happens to pass by , but only those who conform to the quota controls and in the proportions specified .
the researcher goes out looking for respondents who conform to the quota requirements , either by knocking on doors or by asking people in the street to participate : it must be stressed that the point is not to interview everyone who happens to live on the street or who happens to pass by , but only those who conform to the quota controls and in the proportions [named] .

Indeed , for some purposes its cheapness and speed make quota sampling a procedure which could be more extensively used in some academic research where a general indication of the attitudes extant in a specified population is required .
indeed , for some purposes its cheapness and speed make quota sampling a procedure which could be more extensively used in some academic research where a general indication of the attitudes extant in a [named] population is required .

The announcement was widely hailed in the media as a breakthrough , but the extent of the restrictions was not specified .
the announcement was widely hailed in the media as a breakthrough , but the extent of the restrictions was not [named] .

It was denounced by many as economically dangerous and potentially unenforceable , not least because it specified the requirement of budgetary balance without providing the mechanism through which this could be achieved .
it was denounced by many as economically dangerous and potentially unenforceable , not least because it [named] the requirement of budgetary balance without providing the mechanism through which this could be achieved .

The only specified penalty for the six republics which had not participated and were not expected to sign the Treaty ( Armenia , Estonia , Georgia , Latvia , Lithuania and Moldavia ) , was that they would thereby be excluded from a new `` common economic space `` .
the only [named] penalty for the six republics which had not participated and were not expected to sign the treaty ( armenia , estonia , georgia , latvia , lithuania and moldavia ) , was that they would thereby be excluded from a new `` common economic space `` .

The law endorsed on April 1 specified voting procedures , and provided for two rounds of voting .
the law endorsed on april 1 [named] voting procedures , and provided for two rounds of voting .

It also adopted four constitutional amendments , one of which specified that only the Macedonian Assembly could proclaim a state of emergency in the republic .
it also adopted four constitutional amendments , one of which [named] that only the macedonian assembly could proclaim a state of emergency in the republic .

Alexandre Nunes Correia , Minister of the Civil Service and Labour since March 9 ( and hitherto Public Health Minister ) , was on June 8 , 1990 , dismissed for reasons which were not specified , and on July 31 Maj. José Pereira was dismissed as Minister of National Security and Public Order , a post he had held since 1985 .
alexandre nunes correia , minister of the civil service and labour since march 9 ( and hitherto public health minister ) , was on june 8 , 1990 , dismissed for reasons which were not [named] , and on july 31 maj. josé pereira was dismissed as minister of national security and public order , a post he had held since 1985 .

( 1 ) Law in the territory specified in Article 3 of the Unification Treaty may deviate from provisions of this Basic Law for a period not extending beyond Dec. 31 , 1992 … Deviations must not violate Article 19 ( 2 ) [ concerning restriction of basic rights ] and must be compatible with the principles set out in Article 79 ( 3 ) [ concerning amendment of the Basic Law ] .
( 1 ) law in the territory [named] in article 3 of the unification treaty may deviate from provisions of this basic law for a period not extending beyond dec. 31 , 1992 … deviations must not violate article 19 ( 2 ) [ concerning restriction of basic rights ] and must be compatible with the principles set out in article 79 ( 3 ) [ concerning amendment of the basic law ] .

( 3 ) In order to ensure that day care centres for children continue to operate in the territory specified under Article 3 of this treaty , the federation shall contribute to the costs of these centres for a transitional period up to June 30 , 1991 .
( 3 ) in order to ensure that day care centres for children continue to operate in the territory [named] under article 3 of this treaty , the federation shall contribute to the costs of these centres for a transitional period up to june 30 , 1991 .

In order to achieve these objectives , a network of advice centres run by various agencies and offering blanket coverage shall be set up without delay with financial assistance from the federation in the territory specified in Article 3 of this treaty … [ Article 32 concerned voluntary organizations ; and Article 33 concerned public health . ]
in order to achieve these objectives , a network of advice centres run by various agencies and offering blanket coverage shall be set up without delay with financial assistance from the federation in the territory [named] in article 3 of this treaty … [ article 32 concerned voluntary organizations ; and article 33 concerned public health . ]

Polling days , not specified until April 12 , were to be May 20 , 23 and 26 .
polling days , not [named] until april 12 , were to be may 20 , 23 and 26 .

The amendment specified that `` No law varying the compensation for the services of senators and representatives shall take effect , until an election of representatives shall have intervened `` .
the amendment [named] that `` no law varying the compensation for the services of senators and representatives shall take effect , until an election of representatives shall have intervened `` .

On May 5 Mujjaddedi , who had already indicated that he might remain as interim president for longer than the specified two months , appointed a Cabinet ( most members in an acting capacity ) in a move regarded by some commentators as a violation of the Peshawar Accord .
on may 5 mujjaddedi , who had already indicated that he might remain as interim president for longer than the [named] two months , appointed a cabinet ( most members in an acting capacity ) in a move regarded by some commentators as a violation of the peshawar accord .

Central government would retain control of defence , foreign relations , economic policy and other specified fields .
central government would retain control of defence , foreign relations , economic policy and other [named] fields .

The presidential agreement specified that properties unjustly confiscated be returned to their rightful owners , or the owners be compensated if this was no longer possible .
the presidential agreement [named] that properties unjustly confiscated be returned to their rightful owners , or the owners be compensated if this was no longer possible .

He specified certain military installations `` which Russia can not give up so easily `` , and the legislation affecting the Russian-speaking population of Latvia and Estonia , specifically the citizenship laws [ see p. 38880 ] .
he [named] certain military installations `` which russia can not give up so easily `` , and the legislation affecting the russian-speaking population of latvia and estonia , specifically the citizenship laws [ see p. 38880 ] .

It covered the disposal of up to 550,000 tonnes a year of waste , and specified that this could include toxic elements .
it covered the disposal of up to 550,000 tonnes a year of waste , and [named] that this could include toxic elements .

The wording of this preamble specified adherence to `` human moral principles , national traditions and the moral values of Islam and other religions `` .
the wording of this preamble [named] adherence to `` human moral principles , national traditions and the moral values of islam and other religions `` .

The authorities later specified that certain French residents in Chad were under suspicion in connection with the Feb. 21 incident , and on March 31 the French government repatriated `` for security reasons `` four French citizens working on official co-operation projects .
the authorities later [named] that certain french residents in chad were under suspicion in connection with the feb. 21 incident , and on march 31 the french government repatriated `` for security reasons `` four french citizens working on official co-operation projects .

He set no date , but the Constitution required elections within 90 days of the dissolution of parliament , and specified that the date should be set at least six weeks in advance of polling .
he set no date , but the constitution required elections within 90 days of the dissolution of parliament , and [named] that the date should be set at least six weeks in advance of polling .

The amendment also specified that candidates had to have resigned from the armed forces or security forces .
the amendment also [named] that candidates had to have resigned from the armed forces or security forces .

The political need to satisfy diverse interest groups , build coalitions of support , take credit for `` success `` , means that both the goals of policy and the criteria of evaluation are specified in deliberately vague terms .
the political need to satisfy diverse interest groups , build coalitions of support , take credit for `` success `` , means that both the goals of policy and the criteria of evaluation are [named] in deliberately vague terms .

( 4 ) Where a contact for the sale or other disposition of an interest in land satisfies the conditions of this section by reason only of the rectification of one or more documents in pursuance of an order of the court , the contract shall come into being , or be deemed to have come into being , at such time as may be specified in the order .
( 4 ) where a contact for the sale or other disposition of an interest in land satisfies the conditions of this section by reason only of the rectification of one or more documents in pursuance of an order of the court , the contract shall come into being , or be deemed to have come into being , at such time as may be [named] in the order .

( 4 ) The court may extend the period specified under subsection ( 3 ) at any time before possession of the land is recovered in pursuance of the order under that subsection …
( 4 ) the court may extend the period [named] under subsection ( 3 ) at any time before possession of the land is recovered in pursuance of the order under that subsection …

Unfortunately , the lifts are specified and their operation determined at the time of construction .
unfortunately , the lifts are [named] and their operation determined at the time of construction .

The usefulness of any test in a selection procedure is evaluated by analysing the predictive validity of these tests within a specified situation .
the usefulness of any test in a selection procedure is evaluated by analysing the predictive validity of these tests within a [named] situation .

However , talk within the argument and not addressed to a specified individual may be in Creole or in British English , with a single turn often containing elements of both .
however , talk within the argument and not addressed to a [named] individual may be in creole or in british english , with a single turn often containing elements of both .

If speakers report using Creole or `` Patois `` in a specified situation , this means that the use of Creole is licensed for that situation .
if speakers report using creole or `` patois `` in a [named] situation , this means that the use of creole is licensed for that situation .

In terms of presumptions , the Act did enforce performance in a specified manner ( a fine ) but this gives way to the first exception , the obligation was imposed for the benefit of a class of people , factory employees .
in terms of presumptions , the act did enforce performance in a [named] manner ( a fine ) but this gives way to the first exception , the obligation was imposed for the benefit of a class of people , factory employees .

Should general SVQs specify a certain number of credits ? If so , have we specified the right number ?
should general svqs specify a certain number of credits ? if so , have we [named] the right number ?

regular meetings at specified frequency about to be organised
regular meetings at [named] frequency about to be organised

The information specified in regulation 1 above may be inspected by any person during office hours .
the information [named] in regulation 1 above may be inspected by any person during office hours .

( 5 ) ( a ) Where one of the following specified events happens , to a member of or a beneficial owner of a share in a recognised body , that is to say : ( where such member or beneficial owner is a solicitor ) his name is struck off or removed from the roll or his practising certificate is suspended ( including automatic suspension on bankruptcy ) or withdrawn ; or ( where such a member or beneficial owner is a registered foreign lawyer ) his name is struck off the register or his registration is suspended ( including automatic suspension on bankruptcy , or on striking off or suspension in his own jurisdiction ) or cancelled ; or ( where such a member or beneficial owner is a recognised body ) its recognition is revoked or expires ( including automatic expiry on liquidation , making of an administration order or appointment of an administrative receiver ) ;
( 5 ) ( a ) where one of the following [named] events happens , to a member of or a beneficial owner of a share in a recognised body , that is to say : ( where such member or beneficial owner is a solicitor ) his name is struck off or removed from the roll or his practising certificate is suspended ( including automatic suspension on bankruptcy ) or withdrawn ; or ( where such a member or beneficial owner is a registered foreign lawyer ) his name is struck off the register or his registration is suspended ( including automatic suspension on bankruptcy , or on striking off or suspension in his own jurisdiction ) or cancelled ; or ( where such a member or beneficial owner is a recognised body ) its recognition is revoked or expires ( including automatic expiry on liquidation , making of an administration order or appointment of an administrative receiver ) ;

( i ) where the specified event happens in respect of a member , any share registered in his name may , notwithstanding paragraph ( 1 ) of this Rule , remain so registered for a period of not longer than six months from the date of the specified event ; provided that no voting rights shall be exercised in respect of any such share while it remains so registered ; and
( i ) where the [named] event happens in respect of a member , any share registered in his name may , notwithstanding paragraph ( 1 ) of this rule , remain so registered for a period of not longer than six months from the date of the [named] event ; provided that no voting rights shall be exercised in respect of any such share while it remains so registered ; and

( ii ) where the specified event happens in respect of a beneficial owner of a share , a member may , notwithstanding sub-paragraph ( 2 ) ( a ) of this Rule , continue to hold such share for the beneficial owner or , as the case may be , his trustee in bankruptcy or liquidator from a period of not longer than six months from the date of the specified event ; provided that no voting rights shall be exercised in respect of any share held in reliance of this sub-paragraph .
( ii ) where the [named] event happens in respect of a beneficial owner of a share , a member may , notwithstanding sub-paragraph ( 2 ) ( a ) of this rule , continue to hold such share for the beneficial owner or , as the case may be , his trustee in bankruptcy or liquidator from a period of not longer than six months from the date of the [named] event ; provided that no voting rights shall be exercised in respect of any share held in reliance of this sub-paragraph .

( a ) The prohibition in paragraph ( 2 ) of this rule shall not apply to a business consisting of a management consultancy or a company secretarial service and which offers none of the services specified in that paragraph save the drafting of documents under sub-paragraph ( 2 ) ( j ) and the giving of legal advice , provided such drafting or advice is ancillary to the main purpose of the business .
( a ) the prohibition in paragraph ( 2 ) of this rule shall not apply to a business consisting of a management consultancy or a company secretarial service and which offers none of the services [named] in that paragraph save the drafting of documents under sub-paragraph ( 2 ) ( j ) and the giving of legal advice , provided such drafting or advice is ancillary to the main purpose of the business .

Where a registered foreign lawyer has not , at any time during the period specified in the application for renewal of his or her registration , either :
where a registered foreign lawyer has not , at any time during the period [named] in the application for renewal of his or her registration , either :

Where a registered foreign lawyer is required to pay an annual contribution , but has , during the period specified in his or her application for renewal of registration , mainly practised from an office or offices outside England and Wales , that annual contribution shall be reduced to one quarter of the full amount determined under Schedule 14 paragraph ( 7 ) ( 2 ) ( a ) of the Act , rounded to the nearest five pounds .
where a registered foreign lawyer is required to pay an annual contribution , but has , during the period [named] in his or her application for renewal of registration , mainly practised from an office or offices outside england and wales , that annual contribution shall be reduced to one quarter of the full amount determined under schedule 14 paragraph ( 7 ) ( 2 ) ( a ) of the act , rounded to the nearest five pounds .

( 5 ) ( a ) Where one of the following specified events happens , to a member of or a beneficial owner of a share in a recognised body , that is to say : ( where such member or beneficial owner is a solicitor ) his name is stuck off or removed from the roll or his practising certificate is suspended ( including automatic suspension on bankruptcy ) or withdrawn ; or ( where such a member or beneficial owner is a registered foreign lawyer ) his name is struck off the register or his registration is suspended ( including automatic suspension on bankruptcy , or on striking off or suspension in his own jurisdiction ) or cancelled ; or ( where such a member or beneficial owner is a recognised body ) its recognition is revoked or expires ( including automatic expiry on liquidation , making of an administration order or appointment of an administrative receiver ) ;
( 5 ) ( a ) where one of the following [named] events happens , to a member of or a beneficial owner of a share in a recognised body , that is to say : ( where such member or beneficial owner is a solicitor ) his name is stuck off or removed from the roll or his practising certificate is suspended ( including automatic suspension on bankruptcy ) or withdrawn ; or ( where such a member or beneficial owner is a registered foreign lawyer ) his name is struck off the register or his registration is suspended ( including automatic suspension on bankruptcy , or on striking off or suspension in his own jurisdiction ) or cancelled ; or ( where such a member or beneficial owner is a recognised body ) its recognition is revoked or expires ( including automatic expiry on liquidation , making of an administration order or appointment of an administrative receiver ) ;

( i ) where the specified event happens in respect of a member , any share registered in his name may , notwithstanding paragraph ( 1 ) of this Rule , remain so registered for a period of not longer than six months from the date of the specified event ; provided that no voting rights shall be exercised in respect of any such share while it remains so registered ; and
( i ) where the [named] event happens in respect of a member , any share registered in his name may , notwithstanding paragraph ( 1 ) of this rule , remain so registered for a period of not longer than six months from the date of the [named] event ; provided that no voting rights shall be exercised in respect of any such share while it remains so registered ; and

( ii ) where the specified event happens in respect of a beneficial owner of a share , a member may , notwithstanding sub-paragraph ( 2 ) ( a ) of this Rule , continue to hold such share for the beneficial owner or , as the case may be , his trustee in bankruptcy or liquidator for a period of not longer than six months from the date of the specified event ; provided that no voting rights shall be exercised in respect of any share held in reliance of this sub-paragraph .
( ii ) where the [named] event happens in respect of a beneficial owner of a share , a member may , notwithstanding sub-paragraph ( 2 ) ( a ) of this rule , continue to hold such share for the beneficial owner or , as the case may be , his trustee in bankruptcy or liquidator for a period of not longer than six months from the date of the [named] event ; provided that no voting rights shall be exercised in respect of any share held in reliance of this sub-paragraph .

neither granted or refused within specified period
neither granted or refused within [named] period

( t ) Subject to and in accordance with a due compliance with the provisions of Sections 155 to 158 ( inclusive ) of the Act ( if and so far as such provisions shall be applicable ) , to give , whether directly or indirectly , any kind of financial assistance ( as defined in Section 152(1) ( a ) of the Act ) for any such purpose as is specified in Section 151(1) and/or Section 151(2) of the Act .
( t ) subject to and in accordance with a due compliance with the provisions of sections 155 to 158 ( inclusive ) of the act ( if and so far as such provisions shall be applicable ) , to give , whether directly or indirectly , any kind of financial assistance ( as defined in section 152(1) ( a ) of the act ) for any such purpose as is [named] in section 151(1) and/or section 151(2) of the act .

( 2 ) None of the sub-clauses of this Clause and none of the objects therein specified shall be deemed subsidiary or ancillary to any of the objects specified in any other such sub-clause , and the Company shall have as full a power to exercise each and every one of the objects specified in each sub-clause of this Clause as though each sub-clause contained the objects of a separate Company .
( 2 ) none of the sub-clauses of this clause and none of the objects therein [named] shall be deemed subsidiary or ancillary to any of the objects [named] in any other such sub-clause , and the company shall have as full a power to exercise each and every one of the objects [named] in each sub-clause of this clause as though each sub-clause contained the objects of a separate company .

( t ) Subject to and in accordance with a due compliance with the provisions of Sections 155 to 158 ( inclusive ) of the Act ( if and so far as such provisions shall be applicable ) , to give , whether directly or indirectly , any kind of financial assistance ( as defined in Section 152(1) ( a ) of the Act ) for any such purpose as is specified in Section 151(1) and/or Section 151(2) of the Act .
( t ) subject to and in accordance with a due compliance with the provisions of sections 155 to 158 ( inclusive ) of the act ( if and so far as such provisions shall be applicable ) , to give , whether directly or indirectly , any kind of financial assistance ( as defined in section 152(1) ( a ) of the act ) for any such purpose as is [named] in section 151(1) and/or section 151(2) of the act .

( 2 ) None of the sub-clauses of this Clause and none of the objects therein specified shall be deemed subsidiary or ancillary to any of the objects specified in any other such sub-clause , and the Company shall have as full a power to exercise each and every one of the objects specified in each sub-clause of this Clause as though each sub-clause contained the objects of a separate Company .
( 2 ) none of the sub-clauses of this clause and none of the objects therein [named] shall be deemed subsidiary or ancillary to any of the objects [named] in any other such sub-clause , and the company shall have as full a power to exercise each and every one of the objects [named] in each sub-clause of this clause as though each sub-clause contained the objects of a separate company .

Thirdly , the existence of a global data structure allowed the interfaces between components to be specified in an orderly manner .
thirdly , the existence of a global data structure allowed the interfaces between components to be [named] in an orderly manner .

Unless some task-specific terminating condition has been specified the parser will automatically explore every possible pathway determined by the knowledge sources , the input , and the procedures for constructing extensions to interpretations .
unless some task-specific terminating condition has been [named] the parser will automatically explore every possible pathway determined by the knowledge sources , the input , and the procedures for constructing extensions to interpretations .

For example , if a supplier has agreed to deliver a computer system and the contract states that the terminals are to be a deep yellow colour but , instead , he delivers a computer with lemon coloured terminals , this will amount to a breach of warranty unless there is some special reason why the deep yellow colour was specified .
for example , if a supplier has agreed to deliver a computer system and the contract states that the terminals are to be a deep yellow colour but , instead , he delivers a computer with lemon coloured terminals , this will amount to a breach of warranty unless there is some special reason why the deep yellow colour was [named] .

An exclusion clause gives the party relying on it total exemption for the breach whereas a limitation clause limits liability to a specified amount .
an exclusion clause gives the party relying on it total exemption for the breach whereas a limitation clause limits liability to a [named] amount .

To recommend to the council which sanction or sanctions is or are appropriate , for example , termination of membership ( expulsion ) ; suspension of membership for a defined period ; downgrading from fellow to members ; suspension for a specified period from office holding at branch and national level ; reprimand ( by way of rebuke ) ; caution ( by way of warning ) .
to recommend to the council which sanction or sanctions is or are appropriate , for example , termination of membership ( expulsion ) ; suspension of membership for a defined period ; downgrading from fellow to members ; suspension for a [named] period from office holding at branch and national level ; reprimand ( by way of rebuke ) ; caution ( by way of warning ) .

At its discretion the Tribunal may abridge or extend time limits specified in this paragraph as it may deem necessary .
at its discretion the tribunal may abridge or extend time limits [named] in this paragraph as it may deem necessary .

Prior agreement with the workforce on representation will be required before a European Company can be incorporated , with a `` fallback `` national standard model specified should there be a failure to reach an agreement .
prior agreement with the workforce on representation will be required before a european company can be incorporated , with a `` fallback `` national standard model [named] should there be a failure to reach an agreement .

( 1985 : 687 ) suggest something quite similar to Jespersen — `` the infinitive marker to may be viewed as related to the spatial preposition to through metaphorical connection `` — and illustrate this by the series : How far this metaphorical connection extends is not specified , but it is significant that both Quirk et al .
( 1985 : 687 ) suggest something quite similar to jespersen — `` the infinitive marker to may be viewed as related to the spatial preposition to through metaphorical connection `` — and illustrate this by the series : how far this metaphorical connection extends is not [named] , but it is significant that both quirk et al .

The infinitives of such verbs are found only where the person of their support is specified ( We want it to snow ) , but not when the support is left undefined , as in certain exclamations , and not in the function of subject ( * To snow is pleasant ) .
the infinitives of such verbs are found only where the person of their support is [named] ( we want it to snow ) , but not when the support is left undefined , as in certain exclamations , and not in the function of subject ( * to snow is pleasant ) .

What leads up to this actualization is not specified , the very fact of something having led to it constituting that which is judged negatively by the speaker .
what leads up to this actualization is not [named] , the very fact of something having led to it constituting that which is judged negatively by the speaker .

Traditionally , societies have specified an age as being appropriate for marriage or union formation and the commencement of family building .
traditionally , societies have [named] an age as being appropriate for marriage or union formation and the commencement of family building .

When two grammatical items occur together in a specified syntagmatic relation , they are said to colligate and the combination is a colligation ( as opposed to a collocation ) .
when two grammatical items occur together in a [named] syntagmatic relation , they are said to colligate and the combination is a colligation ( as opposed to a collocation ) .

In addition , the learning steps a student must follow to prepare himself for each test are specified .
in addition , the learning steps a student must follow to prepare himself for each test are [named] .

The Villani , were tenants of land not held on demesne by the Lord of the Manor , who payed rent partly in money but mostly by service such as finding horses , oxen , ploughs and labour at specified periods , and sometimes providing for the lords table .
the villani , were tenants of land not held on demesne by the lord of the manor , who payed rent partly in money but mostly by service such as finding horses , oxen , ploughs and labour at [named] periods , and sometimes providing for the lords table .

It was the Guga Hunters who had chartered Viking to land the men and supplies ' on Sula Sgeir and return for them at a specified date .
it was the guga hunters who had chartered viking to land the men and supplies ' on sula sgeir and return for them at a [named] date .

The body forces act directly , as the word implies , on a volume element of the system : the surface tractions however act on a surface and the direction of the perpendicular to that surface at the point of action of the traction needs to be specified .
the body forces act directly , as the word implies , on a volume element of the system : the surface tractions however act on a surface and the direction of the perpendicular to that surface at the point of action of the traction needs to be [named] .

By average of stress or strain is meant the volume average , that is , the integral over a specified region divided by the volume of the region .
by average of stress or strain is meant the volume average , that is , the integral over a [named] region divided by the volume of the region .

If , therefore , the average stress or strain in either constituent can be found for arbitrary values ( so determining one of the As or Bs ) , the elastic properties of the mixture are completely specified by Equation ( 4.4 ) or ( 4.5 ) .
if , therefore , the average stress or strain in either constituent can be found for arbitrary values ( so determining one of the as or bs ) , the elastic properties of the mixture are completely [named] by equation ( 4.4 ) or ( 4.5 ) .

Hence the average energy in any region can be calculated from the average stress and strain when the surface constraints are of a specified kind .
hence the average energy in any region can be calculated from the average stress and strain when the surface constraints are of a [named] kind .

For preparation of nuclei suspension , a detergent trypsin procedure specified by Vindeløv et al was used .
for preparation of nuclei suspension , a detergent trypsin procedure [named] by vindeløv et al was used .

The χ 2 test was also used for proportions exhibiting specified changes .
the χ 2 test was also used for proportions exhibiting [named] changes .

The nodular sclerosing form was the dominant histological sybtype , although this was not specified in all patients .
the nodular sclerosing form was the dominant histological sybtype , although this was not [named] in all patients .

Sharpe 's 1963 article put forward the idea that the return of any security could be related to the return of the market . He specified the relationship as a simple least squares regression as follows : where
sharpe 's 1963 article put forward the idea that the return of any security could be related to the return of the market . he [named] the relationship as a simple least squares regression as follows : where

Price 30.9.86 ; the price in pence of the shares on the date specified .
price 30.9.86 ; the price in pence of the shares on the date [named] .

Rights to buy a share at a specified price within a specified time ( usually 3 months ) .
rights to buy a share at a [named] price within a [named] time ( usually 3 months ) .

Rights to sell a share at a specified price within a specified time ( 3 months ) .
rights to sell a share at a [named] price within a [named] time ( 3 months ) .

Rights to either buy or sell at a specified price within a specified period ( 3 months ) .
rights to either buy or sell at a [named] price within a [named] period ( 3 months ) .

There are several types of shares that can be issued by the firm as specified in the memorandum and articles of association .
there are several types of shares that can be issued by the firm as [named] in the memorandum and articles of association .

By definition , an uncertain quantity is one whose value can lie anywhere along a specified range .
by definition , an uncertain quantity is one whose value can lie anywhere along a [named] range .

The pricing of the items to the user reflects the settings of these two parameters , which are specified in the contract of procurement .
the pricing of the items to the user reflects the settings of these two parameters , which are [named] in the contract of procurement .

In either case the content and timing must be specified so that there can be no confusion at a later date when the agreement on who does what is no longer fresh in the mind .
in either case the content and timing must be [named] so that there can be no confusion at a later date when the agreement on who does what is no longer fresh in the mind .

In some research and development contracts the degree of technical uncertainty may be such that the requirement can not reasonably be specified in terms of an end result .
in some research and development contracts the degree of technical uncertainty may be such that the requirement can not reasonably be [named] in terms of an end result .

Taking the top rectangle of Figure 11.2 , it can be specified as a rectangle with the dimensions 5 × 1 cm , the longer side horizontal , at the top of the page .
taking the top rectangle of figure 11.2 , it can be [named] as a rectangle with the dimensions 5 × 1 cm , the longer side horizontal , at the top of the page .

First , the chemical reactions responsible for the pattern will be catalysed by enzymes , which in turn will be specified by genes .
first , the chemical reactions responsible for the pattern will be catalysed by enzymes , which in turn will be [named] by genes .

Sometimes the king allowed subjects to take deer for themselves in his forests ; the warden 's duty was to see to it that they had a proper writ of warranty when they came to his forest , that they did not take more than the specified number , and that they took them in the prescribed manner .
sometimes the king allowed subjects to take deer for themselves in his forests ; the warden 's duty was to see to it that they had a proper writ of warranty when they came to his forest , that they did not take more than the [named] number , and that they took them in the prescribed manner .

The difficulty with all these criticisms is that they never specified exactly what was the ‘ correct ’ style for Nonconformist chapels .
the difficulty with all these criticisms is that they never [named] exactly what was the ‘ correct ’ style for nonconformist chapels .

( 7 ) Algorithm : computation by prearranged steps intended to solve a specified problem ( Seurat , Monet , Vasareley ) .
( 7 ) algorithm : computation by prearranged steps intended to solve a [named] problem ( seurat , monet , vasareley ) .

We have not always specified exact quantities of food .
we have not always [named] exact quantities of food .

Do not add fat to any of the food ( except where we have specified it ) , and preferably omit salt too .
do not add fat to any of the food ( except where we have [named] it ) , and preferably omit salt too .

In these areas there are standards of achievement specified for all age levels and pupils who fail to achieve these may be given remedial help .
in these areas there are standards of achievement [named] for all age levels and pupils who fail to achieve these may be given remedial help .

Within the 4,000 sq ft of living space , upstairs she specified four bedrooms and three en suite bathrooms , a playroom , a study and , for Edward , a small dressing room .
within the 4,000 sq ft of living space , upstairs she [named] four bedrooms and three en suite bathrooms , a playroom , a study and , for edward , a small dressing room .

Such contract or contracts may be varied if , and only if , the rules so provide , by a majority of the members or by a specified majority .
such contract or contracts may be varied if , and only if , the rules so provide , by a majority of the members or by a [named] majority .

One client — Summum has 130 so far — has specified a bejewelled ‘ mummiform ’ costing $ 150,000 .
one client — summum has 130 so far — has [named] a bejewelled ‘ mummiform ’ costing $ 150,000 .

In the early days , shipowners and shippers petitioned the Crown to let somebody build a lighthouse and charge a specified levy on the ships that benefited from it .
in the early days , shipowners and shippers petitioned the crown to let somebody build a lighthouse and charge a [named] levy on the ships that benefited from it .

Worse , all the details of that task have to be specified in detail by a programmer , who can be overwhelmed by the complexity of the data he is trying to manage .
worse , all the details of that task have to be [named] in detail by a programmer , who can be overwhelmed by the complexity of the data he is trying to manage .

Lord Donaldson said a startling feature of the directives was how little they restricted the supply of the ‘ oxygen of publicity ’ to the organisations specified .
lord donaldson said a startling feature of the directives was how little they restricted the supply of the ‘ oxygen of publicity ’ to the organisations [named] .

Dismissing the argument that the directives were unreasonable , perverse or out of proportion , the judge said that perhaps the most startling feature of them was how little they restricted the supply of the ‘ oxygen of publicity ’ to the specified organisations .
dismissing the argument that the directives were unreasonable , perverse or out of proportion , the judge said that perhaps the most startling feature of them was how little they restricted the supply of the ‘ oxygen of publicity ’ to the [named] organisations .

The charities — including Shelter , Mind , Crisis and housing associations — claim the Government has never specified where the money will come from .
the charities — including shelter , mind , crisis and housing associations — claim the government has never [named] where the money will come from .

The contracting countries are specified by Order in Council made by virtue of the 1965 Act , and such an order is conclusive evidence that a country is a contracting country within the meaning of the Convention .
the contracting countries are [named] by order in council made by virtue of the 1965 act , and such an order is conclusive evidence that a country is a contracting country within the meaning of the convention .

Perhaps at Southampton she would bring the Credit to a specified bank who would pay her part of the proceeds , endorsing the credit with the amount utilised .
perhaps at southampton she would bring the credit to a [named] bank who would pay her part of the proceeds , endorsing the credit with the amount utilised .

She might repeat the procedure at another specified bank in Parish and so on until the Credit was fully utilised .
she might repeat the procedure at another [named] bank in parish and so on until the credit was fully utilised .

Bed and breakfast denotes bed and continental breakfast except where otherwise specified ; half board denotes dinner , bed and breakfast ; full board denotes lunch , dinner , bed and breakfast .
bed and breakfast denotes bed and continental breakfast except where otherwise [named] ; half board denotes dinner , bed and breakfast ; full board denotes lunch , dinner , bed and breakfast .

The precise rating of the engine is not known , but Thomas had specified about 25 h.p .
the precise rating of the engine is not known , but thomas had [named] about 25 h.p .

Required standards of punctuality , reliability and quality of service will be specified by franchises ; subsidy will continue to be provided where necessary ; arrangements to sustain the current national network of services will be maintained ; and through-ticketing will be required .
required standards of punctuality , reliability and quality of service will be [named] by franchises ; subsidy will continue to be provided where necessary ; arrangements to sustain the current national network of services will be maintained ; and through-ticketing will be required .

Good communications will often secure good working relations with no misunderstandings , if it is clearly explained that those details must be specified in the estimate .
good communications will often secure good working relations with no misunderstandings , if it is clearly explained that those details must be [named] in the estimate .

The Scheme ensures that you may make a claim for any lapse in service within the four specified guarantees . If we fail , you may write and claim a payment as follows :
the scheme ensures that you may make a claim for any lapse in service within the four [named] guarantees . if we fail , you may write and claim a payment as follows :

Our guarantee will not apply to certain exceptional circumstances when we are prevented form meeting our specified standards by events beyond our control .
our guarantee will not apply to certain exceptional circumstances when we are prevented form meeting our [named] standards by events beyond our control .

Options may , however , be exercised for a limited period in certain specified circumstances , including death , ceasing employment on account of injury , disability , pregnancy or redundancy , retirement , the sale of the business or subsidiary for which the employee works or ( at the discretion of the Committee ) if the employee ceases to be employed in any other circumstances .
options may , however , be exercised for a limited period in certain [named] circumstances , including death , ceasing employment on account of injury , disability , pregnancy or redundancy , retirement , the sale of the business or subsidiary for which the employee works or ( at the discretion of the committee ) if the employee ceases to be employed in any other circumstances .

Any notice or other communication required under the Conditions must ( unless otherwise specified ) be given as follows :
any notice or other communication required under the conditions must ( unless otherwise [named] ) be given as follows :

The insurance by this Policy is subject to an endorsement below only if the reference set against it is specified in the Schedule of the Policy .
the insurance by this policy is subject to an endorsement below only if the reference set against it is [named] in the schedule of the policy .

Clerical , Medical and General Life Assurance Society does not guarantee that the amount to be paid if the contract is terminated at one of the durations specified will be as high as the amount indicated .
clerical , medical and general life assurance society does not guarantee that the amount to be paid if the contract is terminated at one of the durations [named] will be as high as the amount indicated .

Your drawing is open-ended , no time limit for repayment is specified at drawdown .
your drawing is open-ended , no time limit for repayment is [named] at drawdown .

Quite simply , this will ensure that the loan repayments are protected if you are unable to meet them due to the death , illness or injury of specified members of your business .
quite simply , this will ensure that the loan repayments are protected if you are unable to meet them due to the death , illness or injury of [named] members of your business .

no standards of performance specified or agreed
no standards of performance [named] or agreed

Clerical Medical and General Life Assurance Society does not guarantee that the amount to be paid if the contract is terminated at one of the durations specified will be as high as the amount indicated .
clerical medical and general life assurance society does not guarantee that the amount to be paid if the contract is terminated at one of the durations [named] will be as high as the amount indicated .

These are industrial processes carried out only to order unless the use of ‘ treated ’ timber in the rebuilding is specified from the outset .
these are industrial processes carried out only to order unless the use of ‘ treated ’ timber in the rebuilding is [named] from the outset .

Mr Justice Brooke ruled that Northumberland health authority should have specified that three staff were necessary .
mr justice brooke ruled that northumberland health authority should have [named] that three staff were necessary .

Then , after waiting for a specified length of time , the hair can be shampooed in the usual way .
then , after waiting for a [named] length of time , the hair can be shampooed in the usual way .

But it is possible to have a covenant which lasts for a longer period , provided that the period is specified in the Deed .
but it is possible to have a covenant which lasts for a longer period , provided that the period is [named] in the deed .

The amount of the annual covenant payment is specified in the Deed , and this is the sum that is payable each year .
the amount of the annual covenant payment is [named] in the deed , and this is the sum that is payable each year .

The length of the covenant will have been specified in the Deed , and it will terminate when the last specified annual payment has been made .
the length of the covenant will have been [named] in the deed , and it will terminate when the last [named] annual payment has been made .

They are indicative not only of the strength of current Roman catholic social rules and sense of obedience on specified issues at the level of popular religion , but also of the direct power of the hierarchy operating through the state in affairs they considered sacred .
they are indicative not only of the strength of current roman catholic social rules and sense of obedience on [named] issues at the level of popular religion , but also of the direct power of the hierarchy operating through the state in affairs they considered sacred .

Price recommends all caterers to not only determine the micron thickness when looking at silver-plated cutlery , but also to ask for this to be specified on the invoice .
price recommends all caterers to not only determine the micron thickness when looking at silver-plated cutlery , but also to ask for this to be [named] on the invoice .

The finish , specified by the church architect , was a mixture of oils and spirits and ammonia , to be followed by beeswax .
the finish , [named] by the church architect , was a mixture of oils and spirits and ammonia , to be followed by beeswax .

She had specified fair hair , slim build , regular features , smooth skin .
she had [named] fair hair , slim build , regular features , smooth skin .

In larger organisations these take the form of ‘ walk-in ’ rooms maintained at specified conditions of temperature and humidity .
in larger organisations these take the form of ‘ walk-in ’ rooms maintained at [named] conditions of temperature and humidity .

This requires that the owner carry out certain specified repairs .
this requires that the owner carry out certain [named] repairs .

This requires an owner to carry out urgent specified repairs ; if he does not comply , then the council carries out the work and recovers the costs from the owner .
this requires an owner to carry out urgent [named] repairs ; if he does not comply , then the council carries out the work and recovers the costs from the owner .

He did n't explain why it was going to be helpful and the pilot told him the car he 'd specified was waiting for them .
he did n't explain why it was going to be helpful and the pilot told him the car he 'd [named] was waiting for them .

Part of the £11,000 worth of extras Mercedes specified for the test car was the world 's first production five-speed automatic gearbox , costing a surprisingly reasonable £685.35 .
part of the £11,000 worth of extras mercedes [named] for the test car was the world 's first production five-speed automatic gearbox , costing a surprisingly reasonable £685.35 .

This means that an artist can take on a new manager who can — take commission on all new projects , while the former manager continues to earn from all previous albums for a specified time .
this means that an artist can take on a new manager who can — take commission on all new projects , while the former manager continues to earn from all previous albums for a [named] time .

There are some very good photographs and some intriguing snippets of information — Michael Bowyer tells how the Operational Requirement that led to the Hampden and Wellington specified that the aircraft should have folding wings for hangar storage !
there are some very good photographs and some intriguing snippets of information — michael bowyer tells how the operational requirement that led to the hampden and wellington [named] that the aircraft should have folding wings for hangar storage !

The full system is priced at £715 , although pre-tensioners can be specified on their own for £125 .
the full system is priced at £715 , although pre-tensioners can be [named] on their own for £125 .

is holding a contract of service for a specified three months or less
is holding a contract of service for a [named] three months or less

Conversely , those whom he is supposed to desire , and always in specified ways , namely women , he is discouraged from identifying with : that would equal effeminacy ; so in relation to them desire for precludes identification with .
conversely , those whom he is supposed to desire , and always in [named] ways , namely women , he is discouraged from identifying with : that would equal effeminacy ; so in relation to them desire for precludes identification with .

The inspectorate attaches mandatory conditions to the site licence - covering , for example , the need for maintenance to be carried out as specified in the maintenance instructions — and for inspections and tests also to be conducted in accordance with written procedures .
the inspectorate attaches mandatory conditions to the site licence - covering , for example , the need for maintenance to be carried out as [named] in the maintenance instructions — and for inspections and tests also to be conducted in accordance with written procedures .

Known as the Everest Challenge , the car is offered to any rider who can jump two clear rounds in four specified contests and then win Saturday night 's Grand Prix .
known as the everest challenge , the car is offered to any rider who can jump two clear rounds in four [named] contests and then win saturday night 's grand prix .

It had seemed an impossible target until yesterday , when Lansink produced his third double clear round in the specified series .
it had seemed an impossible target until yesterday , when lansink produced his third double clear round in the [named] series .

It is fully automated and incorporates control of temperature profile , pH profile and reactant additions at specified times and rates .
it is fully automated and incorporates control of temperature profile , ph profile and reactant additions at [named] times and rates .

Whereas the requirements of a ‘ speciality ’ chemical are often concerned with effect ( though nowadays terms overlap ) , the buyer of a fine chemical specifies a particular substance , and the supplier must deliver precisely what is specified in terms of chemical structure and purity level .
whereas the requirements of a ‘ speciality ’ chemical are often concerned with effect ( though nowadays terms overlap ) , the buyer of a fine chemical specifies a particular substance , and the supplier must deliver precisely what is [named] in terms of chemical structure and purity level .

The costs for the project are specified .
the costs for the project are [named] .

Back in Britain , men were called to arms ; everyone was issued with a gas mask ; sandbags were provided to protect specified buildings and to provide some shelter against the expected air attacks , and provision of Air Raid Shelters was hastened .
back in britain , men were called to arms ; everyone was issued with a gas mask ; sandbags were provided to protect [named] buildings and to provide some shelter against the expected air attacks , and provision of air raid shelters was hastened .

In Somerset the management of the Probation Service has reached an agreement with the local and neighbouring courts that Schedule 11 probation orders , that is , orders containing day centre or specified activity requirements , are operated as a direct alternative to custody .
in somerset the management of the probation service has reached an agreement with the local and neighbouring courts that schedule 11 probation orders , that is , orders containing day centre or [named] activity requirements , are operated as a direct alternative to custody .

Control groups are not relevant , and important variables can seldom be specified in advance owing to the complexity and dynamic nature of the processes involved .
control groups are not relevant , and important variables can seldom be [named] in advance owing to the complexity and dynamic nature of the processes involved .

Thus Rosener suggests a matrix between ‘ knowledge of a cause/effect relationship between participation program and achievement of specified goals and objectives ’ ( complete or incomplete ) and ‘ agreement on program goals and objectives , whose they are , and the criteria to measure success and failure ’ ( yes or no ) ( 1978 , p. 459 ) .
thus rosener suggests a matrix between ‘ knowledge of a cause/effect relationship between participation program and achievement of [named] goals and objectives ’ ( complete or incomplete ) and ‘ agreement on program goals and objectives , whose they are , and the criteria to measure success and failure ’ ( yes or no ) ( 1978 , p. 459 ) .

At the annual general meeting in London on 16 July 1992 vacancies on the Council and some of its boards are due to be filled in accordance with the electoral procedures specified in the By-laws and summarised in the notice .
at the annual general meeting in london on 16 july 1992 vacancies on the council and some of its boards are due to be filled in accordance with the electoral procedures [named] in the by-laws and summarised in the notice .

Based on their extensive studies on behalf of the National Association of Social Workers into differential use of social welfare personnel , Barker and Briggs ( 1968 ) developed a fairly sophisticated conception of how the social service team would work , and they offered it as an alternative to previously specified models of staff differentiation and utilization .
based on their extensive studies on behalf of the national association of social workers into differential use of social welfare personnel , barker and briggs ( 1968 ) developed a fairly sophisticated conception of how the social service team would work , and they offered it as an alternative to previously [named] models of staff differentiation and utilization .

In each of these , aims are specified , and linked to the type of parental action which , according to the best available research , is most likely to lead to their achievement .
in each of these , aims are [named] , and linked to the type of parental action which , according to the best available research , is most likely to lead to their achievement .

The Dutchman Jos Lansink , the only rider left with a chance of meeting the conditions for the first Everest Challenge ( which had required him to jump double clear rounds in four specified contests ) , would have collected a Jaguar car if he had won the Grand Prix .
the dutchman jos lansink , the only rider left with a chance of meeting the conditions for the first everest challenge ( which had required him to jump double clear rounds in four [named] contests ) , would have collected a jaguar car if he had won the grand prix .

Later it was even specified that should there be for any reason no foreskin to sever , blood must still be made to flow for a rite to be effected and for the individual to enter the covenant .
later it was even [named] that should there be for any reason no foreskin to sever , blood must still be made to flow for a rite to be effected and for the individual to enter the covenant .

Other cleaning agents are largely those which , when added to dirt , cause a chemical reaction to occur as specified in the equation .
other cleaning agents are largely those which , when added to dirt , cause a chemical reaction to occur as [named] in the equation .

Concentrates can be quite expensive but dilution rates of 1:100 are often specified .
concentrates can be quite expensive but dilution rates of 1:100 are often [named] .

Fabricated triple sinks can be specified .
fabricated triple sinks can be [named] .

Bottle and ‘ spout ’ brushes : Tufted brushes in a wire spiral to form a cylindrical shape these brushes can be specified in lengths from 150 mm to nearly 1 metre and in diameters ranging from 5 mm to 150 mm .
bottle and ‘ spout ’ brushes : tufted brushes in a wire spiral to form a cylindrical shape these brushes can be [named] in lengths from 150 mm to nearly 1 metre and in diameters ranging from 5 mm to 150 mm .

Full transparent face shields or visors may be specified as an alternative and are sometimes an integral part of a safety helmet .
full transparent face shields or visors may be [named] as an alternative and are sometimes an integral part of a safety helmet .

Re-assessment of the product choices confirms the requirement although it emerges that the surface material of the machine washed items is frequently aluminium so a non caustic machine detergent is specified .
re-assessment of the product choices confirms the requirement although it emerges that the surface material of the machine washed items is frequently aluminium so a non caustic machine detergent is [named] .

These may be specified in terms of acceptable bacterial counts .
these may be [named] in terms of acceptable bacterial counts .

This vicious circle is more precisely specified in Chapter 7 .
this vicious circle is more precisely [named] in chapter 7 .

At the level of the household , land-use decisions are often only a sub-sector in a range of income opportunities , and this range has to be fully specified to include the most common forms of income generation since land-use decisions are affected by these other forms .
at the level of the household , land-use decisions are often only a sub-sector in a range of income opportunities , and this range has to be fully [named] to include the most common forms of income generation since land-use decisions are affected by these other forms .

Project architect Jon Ignatovicz specified a high performance vapour barrier from Monarflex capable of overcoming the potential problems of quality control of sheet jointing and general construction damage .
project architect jon ignatovicz [named] a high performance vapour barrier from monarflex capable of overcoming the potential problems of quality control of sheet jointing and general construction damage .

As part of an extensive refurbishment of its Hughsfield Estate , the London Borough of Greenwich specified a Vulcanite built-up roofing system , incorporating CFC-free Vulcatherm insulation boards .
as part of an extensive refurbishment of its hughsfield estate , the london borough of greenwich [named] a vulcanite built-up roofing system , incorporating cfc-free vulcatherm insulation boards .

Film scripts specified free-spirited nymphets in mini-skirts , and there were younger actresses with more malleable identities queuing up for the parts .
film scripts [named] free-spirited nymphets in mini-skirts , and there were younger actresses with more malleable identities queuing up for the parts .

At the other end of the scale , rules would define precisely the shots that may be made for specified circumstances , confining all shots to the head and shoulders of the Member who has the floor , for example ( this solution has been adopted by the Canadian House of Commons ) .
at the other end of the scale , rules would define precisely the shots that may be made for [named] circumstances , confining all shots to the head and shoulders of the member who has the floor , for example ( this solution has been adopted by the canadian house of commons ) .

Eighty-four bolts used to secure the windscreen were 0.026 of an inch below the diameters of the specified bolts and another six were the correct diameter but 0.1 of an inch too short .
eighty-four bolts used to secure the windscreen were 0.026 of an inch below the diameters of the [named] bolts and another six were the correct diameter but 0.1 of an inch too short .

Sports like jet-skiing and water-skiing are limited to specified areas .
sports like jet-skiing and water-skiing are limited to [named] areas .

Although the percentage was not specified , French delegate George Debunne called for a pension of at least 40 p.c .
although the percentage was not [named] , french delegate george debunne called for a pension of at least 40 p.c .

These include respect for borders and minorities as specified under Lord Carrington 's plan .
these include respect for borders and minorities as [named] under lord carrington 's plan .

What is needed is an active campaign to change the law to allow children , accompanied by a responsible adult , into a public house , or certain specified rooms within that public house , at specified times of the day , the rooms and times being agreed by the licensing justices following application from the licensee .
what is needed is an active campaign to change the law to allow children , accompanied by a responsible adult , into a public house , or certain [named] rooms within that public house , at [named] times of the day , the rooms and times being agreed by the licensing justices following application from the licensee .

Both hardboard and softboard can be specified with Class 1 ‘ Surface Spread of Flame ’ ratings .
both hardboard and softboard can be [named] with class 1 ‘ surface spread of flame ’ ratings .

The principle of Speedlink is that train sections are exchanged at specified groups of sidings on the network , rather than individual wagons sorted at full-scale marshalling yards .
the principle of speedlink is that train sections are exchanged at [named] groups of sidings on the network , rather than individual wagons sorted at full-scale marshalling yards .

Aphrodite 's lie about a non-existent human father , ‘ King Otreus , of Phrygia ’ , is designed to conceal her divinity from her human mate , who is applauded for seeing through the fiction because of something uncanny in his bed-mate 's bearing — sometimes specified as her gait , her way of walking .
aphrodite 's lie about a non-existent human father , ‘ king otreus , of phrygia ’ , is designed to conceal her divinity from her human mate , who is applauded for seeing through the fiction because of something uncanny in his bed-mate 's bearing — sometimes [named] as her gait , her way of walking .

The observation of the Great Wall has come from an ambitious project to map the positions of all visible galaxies which are brighter than a specified minimum .
the observation of the great wall has come from an ambitious project to map the positions of all visible galaxies which are brighter than a [named] minimum .

‘ My position is that an embryo should only be created for insertion into a specified woman and should receive the maximum protection from the moment of its creation and no non-therapeutic research should be allowed , ’ he said .
‘ my position is that an embryo should only be created for insertion into a [named] woman and should receive the maximum protection from the moment of its creation and no non-therapeutic research should be allowed , ’ he said .

Prior to the Children Act 1989 there might be a care order ( 400 were made in 1987 ) , transferring parental responsibilities to the local authority indefinitely , or a supervision order for a specified period ( of up to three years ) , with a social worker attached to supervise the child 's resumption of full-time schooling .
prior to the children act 1989 there might be a care order ( 400 were made in 1987 ) , transferring parental responsibilities to the local authority indefinitely , or a supervision order for a [named] period ( of up to three years ) , with a social worker attached to supervise the child 's resumption of full-time schooling .

First , the Secretary of State has a power , in section 17 , to provide , by regulation , that the National Curriculum shall not apply , or shall apply in a modified form , in cases or circumstances which may be specified .
first , the secretary of state has a power , in section 17 , to provide , by regulation , that the national curriculum shall not apply , or shall apply in a modified form , in cases or circumstances which may be [named] .

15.43 We list below five important criteria , in addition to those specified in paragraph 15.16 which have informed our recommendations and which we would expect those constructing internal and external assessment arrangements to take into full account . These criteria are :
15.43 we list below five important criteria , in addition to those [named] in paragraph 15.16 which have informed our recommendations and which we would expect those constructing internal and external assessment arrangements to take into full account . these criteria are :

So , because children know and use the story form and because it is possible to discern a sequence of development , we have specified various aspects of story structure in the statements of attainment from level 2 to 4 .
so , because children know and use the story form and because it is possible to discern a sequence of development , we have [named] various aspects of story structure in the statements of attainment from level 2 to 4 .

Write in a variety of forms for a range of purposes , showing some ability to present subject matter differently for different specified known audiences .
write in a variety of forms for a range of purposes , showing some ability to present subject matter differently for different [named] known audiences .

Write in a wide variety of forms with a more assured sense of purpose , organising and presenting subject matter appropriately for specified audiences , both known and unknown .
write in a wide variety of forms with a more assured sense of purpose , organising and presenting subject matter appropriately for [named] audiences , both known and unknown .

( v ) Pupils should learn how to organise and express their meaning appropriately for different specified audiences , eg their peers , their teacher , known adults , younger children , unknown but designated adults , eg a planning officer , a road safety officer , a novelist or poet .
( v ) pupils should learn how to organise and express their meaning appropriately for different [named] audiences , eg their peers , their teacher , known adults , younger children , unknown but designated adults , eg a planning officer , a road safety officer , a novelist or poet .

( v ) Pupils should learn how to organise and express their meaning appropriately not only for different specified audiences ( as for key stage 3 ) but also for generalised unknown audiences , eg in producing instructions for a game , letters to a newspaper , publicity campaigns , etc .
( v ) pupils should learn how to organise and express their meaning appropriately not only for different [named] audiences ( as for key stage 3 ) but also for generalised unknown audiences , eg in producing instructions for a game , letters to a newspaper , publicity campaigns , etc .

More particularly , pupils should compile a folder of coursework containing writing of a range of types on a variety of topics for different and clearly specified audiences .
more particularly , pupils should compile a folder of coursework containing writing of a range of types on a variety of topics for different and clearly [named] audiences .

Those for levels 1 to 3 are the same as those specified by Order for key stage 1 , which will have been published in statutory Documents by the time this report is made public .
those for levels 1 to 3 are the same as those [named] by order for key stage 1 , which will have been published in statutory documents by the time this report is made public .

Pupils may achieve other worthwhile things as well as those specified in the targets , and we would not wish teachers to feel limited by them .
pupils may achieve other worthwhile things as well as those [named] in the targets , and we would not wish teachers to feel limited by them .

The National Curriculum will apply to such children unless some or all of its requirements are temporarily disapplied by the headteacher in accordance with regulations made under Section 19 of the 1988 Act , or unless the pupils fall within any of the cases or circumstances entailing modified requirements which may be specified in Orders dealing with individual foundation subjects .
the national curriculum will apply to such children unless some or all of its requirements are temporarily disapplied by the headteacher in accordance with regulations made under section 19 of the 1988 act , or unless the pupils fall within any of the cases or circumstances entailing modified requirements which may be [named] in orders dealing with individual foundation subjects .

Low ply ratings or lower speed ratings than specified for a vehicle may break the law eg 750 x 16 crossply tyres on a Range Rover .
low ply ratings or lower speed ratings than [named] for a vehicle may break the law eg 750 x 16 crossply tyres on a range rover .

If a group lacked one of the specified features , it could not be counted as a nation .
if a group lacked one of the [named] features , it could not be counted as a nation .

Under the Act those executing a warrant are required ( not empowered ) to intercept all communications sent to or from one or more addresses specified in the warrant where the address in question is likely to be used for the transmission of communications to or from one particular person specified or described in the warrant .
under the act those executing a warrant are required ( not empowered ) to intercept all communications sent to or from one or more addresses [named] in the warrant where the address in question is likely to be used for the transmission of communications to or from one particular person [named] or described in the warrant .

However , the sequence of somite formation and what they will form seems to be programmed early in development long before the somites themselves appear and provides a good example of how , once the programme is specified , the cells follow it even when they are placed in abnormal relationships .
however , the sequence of somite formation and what they will form seems to be programmed early in development long before the somites themselves appear and provides a good example of how , once the programme is [named] , the cells follow it even when they are placed in abnormal relationships .

How are the cells that will change shape specified to do so rather than all the other cells ?
how are the cells that will change shape [named] to do so rather than all the other cells ?

But given that they can have their position specified , and can interpret this position so as to form the pattern , then this provides a very powerful means of generating patterns .
but given that they can have their position [named] , and can interpret this position so as to form the pattern , then this provides a very powerful means of generating patterns .

If cells are to have their position specified as in a coordinate system then it is essential to have a boundary region or origin , from which position is measured .
if cells are to have their position [named] as in a coordinate system then it is essential to have a boundary region or origin , from which position is measured .

If cells have their position specified as in a coordinate system and also have rules for interpreting the positional information , then it is possible , with the appropriate rules for interpretation , to generate any pattern that is required , from faces — even the Mona Lisa — to limbs .
if cells have their position [named] as in a coordinate system and also have rules for interpreting the positional information , then it is possible , with the appropriate rules for interpretation , to generate any pattern that is required , from faces — even the mona lisa — to limbs .

How are these axes specified in development ?
how are these axes [named] in development ?

In some eggs like the sea-urchin and the frog egg there is , from the beginning , a well-defined polarity in the egg which defines an axis with respect to which the antero-posterior axis and dorso-ventral axis will be specified , but in a manner which is not straightforward .
in some eggs like the sea-urchin and the frog egg there is , from the beginning , a well-defined polarity in the egg which defines an axis with respect to which the antero-posterior axis and dorso-ventral axis will be [named] , but in a manner which is not straightforward .

But the dorso-ventral axis is specified by the point where the sperm , which fertilizes the egg , enters .
but the dorso-ventral axis is [named] by the point where the sperm , which fertilizes the egg , enters .

fur the mouse egg there are no axes and both the antero-posterior and dorso-ventral are specified , in a manner which is not yet understood , during development .
fur the mouse egg there are no axes and both the antero-posterior and dorso-ventral are [named] , in a manner which is not yet understood , during development .

These are the normal fates , but for muscles at least , that pathway is not specified from the beginning but requires signals from the lower vegetal position .
these are the normal fates , but for muscles at least , that pathway is not [named] from the beginning but requires signals from the lower vegetal position .

At an early stage , cells in the inner cell mass are not determined ; they are not yet specified to form brains or toes .
at an early stage , cells in the inner cell mass are not determined ; they are not yet [named] to form brains or toes .

Depending on their positional value the feather germs promote pigment formation by the migrant cells , or suppress it , and in this way the global pattern is specified .
depending on their positional value the feather germs promote pigment formation by the migrant cells , or suppress it , and in this way the global pattern is [named] .

Our model for the patterning of the elements of the limb is based on the idea of positional information , that is , the cells in the limb have their position specified and this determines how they will behave .
our model for the patterning of the elements of the limb is based on the idea of positional information , that is , the cells in the limb have their position [named] and this determines how they will behave .

In our model , the cells in the progress zone have their position specified along the two axes by two different mechanisms .
in our model , the cells in the progress zone have their position [named] along the two axes by two different mechanisms .

Each seems to be specified separately and to initially develop quite independently of its future neighbours and associates .
each seems to be [named] separately and to initially develop quite independently of its future neighbours and associates .

The growth characteristics of the bones are laid down at the time when the pattern is specified and the elements are very small and this early specification will control growth for many years ( Chapter 10 ) .
the growth characteristics of the bones are laid down at the time when the pattern is [named] and the elements are very small and this early specification will control growth for many years ( chapter 10 ) .

Or , they could have their developmental pathway specified before they begin migrating and then would migrate to the correct sites .
or , they could have their developmental pathway [named] before they begin migrating and then would migrate to the correct sites .

As Dr Gillon argues , ‘ once the actual criteria of decision are specified , the misleading labels ‘ ordinary means ’ and ‘ extraordinary means ’ become superfluous .
as dr gillon argues , ‘ once the actual criteria of decision are [named] , the misleading labels ‘ ordinary means ’ and ‘ extraordinary means ’ become superfluous .

For example , the patient may have indicated that if her illness has progressed beyond a certain specified point , she should not receive a particular , or any , form of intervention .
for example , the patient may have indicated that if her illness has progressed beyond a certain [named] point , she should not receive a particular , or any , form of intervention .

The design of foundations ( and superstructure ) is specified by the Building Regulations and Codes of practice .
the design of foundations ( and superstructure ) is [named] by the building regulations and codes of practice .

This covers a person 's life for a specified term .
this covers a person 's life for a [named] term .

It is possible to cover yourself up to a specified limit , for the loss or theft or fraudulent use of money and credit cards .
it is possible to cover yourself up to a [named] limit , for the loss or theft or fraudulent use of money and credit cards .

In 1977 , the Court made it clear that the kinds of sexual conduct specified in Miller were not exclusive .
in 1977 , the court made it clear that the kinds of sexual conduct [named] in miller were not exclusive .

The second principle simply says that ‘ personal data shall be held only for one or more specified and lawful purposes ’ .
the second principle simply says that ‘ personal data shall be held only for one or more [named] and lawful purposes ’ .

Here the key words are ‘ only ’ and ‘ specified ’ .
here the key words are ‘ only ’ and ‘ [named] ’ .

Write in your own handwriting , unless it is so bad it would be a point against you or you are a typist and a typewritten letter has been specified .
write in your own handwriting , unless it is so bad it would be a point against you or you are a typist and a typewritten letter has been [named] .

On 12 August 1746 the Disarming Act became law , making it illegal for anyone in the Highlands to own or carry specified types of weapon , including broadswords , or to wear Highland costume .
on 12 august 1746 the disarming act became law , making it illegal for anyone in the highlands to own or carry [named] types of weapon , including broadswords , or to wear highland costume .

For example , it may instruct its members to go-slow or work-to-rule or it may call for selective strikes ( in which certain groups of workers stop working for a specified time period ) ; or all the union members may be called out on a one-day strike .
for example , it may instruct its members to go-slow or work-to-rule or it may call for selective strikes ( in which certain groups of workers stop working for a [named] time period ) ; or all the union members may be called out on a one-day strike .

About 150,000 price quotations are collected for the 350 items on a specified Tuesday near the middle of every month .
about 150,000 price quotations are collected for the 350 items on a [named] tuesday near the middle of every month .

Authorities as a whole divided themselves clearly into three groups ( see Table 19 ) : firstly , those who said that one person or a small specified group allocated the equivalent of a quarter of their time to training , secondly , those authorities who estimated a smaller amount of one person 's time ( normally 10–15 % and most commonly Deputy or Assistant Chiefs ) and thirdly , those allocating largely nominal ( or no responsibility ) for training .
authorities as a whole divided themselves clearly into three groups ( see table 19 ) : firstly , those who said that one person or a small [named] group allocated the equivalent of a quarter of their time to training , secondly , those authorities who estimated a smaller amount of one person 's time ( normally 10–15 % and most commonly deputy or assistant chiefs ) and thirdly , those allocating largely nominal ( or no responsibility ) for training .

In terms of location , County libraries were most likely to devote specified managerial time to training , more likely to describe specific training functions of managers and more likely to note a named training officer ( see Table 20 ) .
in terms of location , county libraries were most likely to devote [named] managerial time to training , more likely to describe specific training functions of managers and more likely to note a named training officer ( see table 20 ) .

Size of establishment was once again significant ( see Table 21 ) indicating that all but two ( 13% ) of the large libraries allocated at least a quarter of a specified staff member 's time to training .
size of establishment was once again significant ( see table 21 ) indicating that all but two ( 13% ) of the large libraries allocated at least a quarter of a [named] staff member 's time to training .

In terms of content of training , management and computers/new technology were the main subject areas specified for expansion :
in terms of content of training , management and computers/new technology were the main subject areas [named] for expansion :

Occasionally , courses for junior professional staff were referred to , usually in connection with management training , though in most instances , level of staff was not specified : ‘ Seminars on staff control and management for young professionals are most useful ’ .
occasionally , courses for junior professional staff were referred to , usually in connection with management training , though in most instances , level of staff was not [named] : ‘ seminars on staff control and management for young professionals are most useful ’ .

Health and safety , and management/supervisory courses were the areas of training most likely to be specified , if the type of training offered by central departments was delineated .
health and safety , and management/supervisory courses were the areas of training most likely to be [named] , if the type of training offered by central departments was delineated .

The 1834 breed standards set by the Royal Jersey Agricultural Society and drawn up by distinguished island breeders showed parti-coloured engravings of the breed but made no reference to the colour of the coat as no importance was attached to such a superficial factor ; however , the light-coloured muzzle ring was specified , and a deep orange colour within the ears , while the skin was of a ‘ good ’ colour .
the 1834 breed standards set by the royal jersey agricultural society and drawn up by distinguished island breeders showed parti-coloured engravings of the breed but made no reference to the colour of the coat as no importance was attached to such a superficial factor ; however , the light-coloured muzzle ring was [named] , and a deep orange colour within the ears , while the skin was of a ‘ good ’ colour .

With certain specified exceptions , a motion can only be placed before the council by a notice of motion which must be sent to the chief executive or clerk of the council within the time provided for in the standing orders .
with certain [named] exceptions , a motion can only be placed before the council by a notice of motion which must be sent to the chief executive or clerk of the council within the time provided for in the standing orders .

In other cases , concessions for cinemas , recreational facilities , hairdressers or restaurants may not be ‘ concessions ’ at all but devices to gain custom on days of the week , or at certain specified times when there would otherwise be little business .
in other cases , concessions for cinemas , recreational facilities , hairdressers or restaurants may not be ‘ concessions ’ at all but devices to gain custom on days of the week , or at certain [named] times when there would otherwise be little business .

Almost all specified the age of 45 or under ; 65 per cent of the adverts mentioning age gave a limit of 35 or under .
almost all [named] the age of 45 or under ; 65 per cent of the adverts mentioning age gave a limit of 35 or under .

Book provision is invariably concerned with service to a specified clientele — e.g .
book provision is invariably concerned with service to a [named] clientele — e.g .

The librarian should normally plan a long-term programme of stock revisions over a period of , say , one to three years , selecting a number of specified priority subjects to be revised during that period .
the librarian should normally plan a long-term programme of stock revisions over a period of , say , one to three years , selecting a number of [named] priority subjects to be revised during that period .

Slightly increased maxima for compensatory allowances are specified .
slightly increased maxima for compensatory allowances are [named] .

Blackpool Corporation was decidedly lukewarm towards the scheme , and specified that the Company should pay the whole costs of the extension , upon which the idea was dropped .
blackpool corporation was decidedly lukewarm towards the scheme , and [named] that the company should pay the whole costs of the extension , upon which the idea was dropped .

debts liable for collection by the lender after the death of a person specified by the borrower as someone from whom he had an expectation .
debts liable for collection by the lender after the death of a person [named] by the borrower as someone from whom he had an expectation .

They involve an agreement that the job will last for a specified period of time , although often provisions are included to enable the contract to be renewed if so desired .
they involve an agreement that the job will last for a [named] period of time , although often provisions are included to enable the contract to be renewed if so desired .

They involve an agreement that the job will last for a specified period of time , although often provisions are included to enable the contract to be renewed if so desired .
they involve an agreement that the job will last for a [named] period of time , although often provisions are included to enable the contract to be renewed if so desired .

Some employers insist that if an employee leaves the job for any reason within a specified time limit after moving overseas , all or part of the relocation expenses must be repaid .
some employers insist that if an employee leaves the job for any reason within a [named] time limit after moving overseas , all or part of the relocation expenses must be repaid .

If nothing is specified , it is still important to discover what steps are open to you to challenge your employer 's judgment .
if nothing is [named] , it is still important to discover what steps are open to you to challenge your employer 's judgment .

The employee worked under a contract for a fixed , specified period from the start of the autumn term to the last day of the summer term .
the employee worked under a contract for a fixed , [named] period from the start of the autumn term to the last day of the summer term .

In Stapp v Shaftesbury Society ( 1982 ) , the employer brought the job to a premature end before the expiry of the one month 's notice period originally specified .
in stapp v shaftesbury society ( 1982 ) , the employer brought the job to a premature end before the expiry of the one month 's notice period originally [named] .

Finally , the amount by which the total award exceeds the prescribed element must also be specified .
finally , the amount by which the total award exceeds the prescribed element must also be [named] .

Complex cases , or those where the sum at stake is above a specified limit , have been the sole province of the High Court .
complex cases , or those where the sum at stake is above a [named] limit , have been the sole province of the high court .

One of the most important limitations on statutory safeguards is the insistence that , to qualify for most rights , you must have built up a specified period of continuous employment .
one of the most important limitations on statutory safeguards is the insistence that , to qualify for most rights , you must have built up a [named] period of continuous employment .

To put the discussion into context , responsibility for providing further education in the United Kingdom is divided between three hierarchical levels , with the central government Department of Education and Science having overall responsibility , which is devolved to Local Education Authorities ( LEAs ) each accountable for the education provision in specified geographical areas .
to put the discussion into context , responsibility for providing further education in the united kingdom is divided between three hierarchical levels , with the central government department of education and science having overall responsibility , which is devolved to local education authorities ( leas ) each accountable for the education provision in [named] geographical areas .

It is worth noting that imaginative use of unsophisticated technology ( as discussed in Chapter 7 ) can aid this part of an investigation , enabling a large volume of activities that may be undertaken by specified functional groups to be readily summarised .
it is worth noting that imaginative use of unsophisticated technology ( as discussed in chapter 7 ) can aid this part of an investigation , enabling a large volume of activities that may be undertaken by [named] functional groups to be readily summarised .

These concepts are utilised in the Procedure Audit process to determine measures of success from a specified point of view , as agreed by the person responsible for the procedure and its continued existence , which in practical terms is generally the person who can authorise changes to be made .
these concepts are utilised in the procedure audit process to determine measures of success from a [named] point of view , as agreed by the person responsible for the procedure and its continued existence , which in practical terms is generally the person who can authorise changes to be made .

It is also appropriate to attempt to relate this general singularity structure to some initial hypersurface on which the initial Cauchy data for the colliding wave problem is specified .
it is also appropriate to attempt to relate this general singularity structure to some initial hypersurface on which the initial cauchy data for the colliding wave problem is [named] .

He has also given explicit expressions which relate the asymptotic Kasner exponents along the singularity to the initial data specified along the wave fronts of the incoming colliding plane waves .
he has also given explicit expressions which relate the asymptotic kasner exponents along the singularity to the initial data [named] along the wave fronts of the incoming colliding plane waves .

The government have also specified their expectations of outputs such as target numbers of certain operative procedures , previously left to authorities , their managers and professionals .
the government have also [named] their expectations of outputs such as target numbers of certain operative procedures , previously left to authorities , their managers and professionals .

Secondly , contract specifications ( and successful contracts ) should be scrutinised in order to assess how careful the purchaser has specified the requirements and whether there is any evidence that , through the contracting process , cost-effective medical technologies are being encouraged . For example , is day-case surgery specified where this would be appropriate , or is the choice of treatment technology left to the provider ?
secondly , contract specifications ( and successful contracts ) should be scrutinised in order to assess how careful the purchaser has [named] the requirements and whether there is any evidence that , through the contracting process , cost-effective medical technologies are being encouraged . for example , is day-case surgery [named] where this would be appropriate , or is the choice of treatment technology left to the provider ?

Such experience may be a highly visible educational programme , with recognised qualifications although no specified organisational outcome ; it may be a training event focused on particular skills and understandings ; it may be an almost unrecognised flash of insight at the workplace , prompted consciously or unconsciously by others .
such experience may be a highly visible educational programme , with recognised qualifications although no [named] organisational outcome ; it may be a training event focused on particular skills and understandings ; it may be an almost unrecognised flash of insight at the workplace , prompted consciously or unconsciously by others .

But if the controls are interrelated then the 20 cases will be divided into 10 men and 10 women and for each sex the age groups will be specified .
but if the controls are interrelated then the 20 cases will be divided into 10 men and 10 women and for each sex the age groups will be [named] .

No leakages were permitted at any points nor were the canvas sides allowed to bulge inward to any greater extent than that caused by the slackness of the canvas specified on the drawing .
no leakages were permitted at any points nor were the canvas sides allowed to bulge inward to any greater extent than that caused by the slackness of the canvas [named] on the drawing .

Inside , where they will spend a lot of time in this northern climate , the zoo has thoughtfully specified sleeping cubicles , scramble nets , climbing ropes and in particular , their log climbing frames .
inside , where they will spend a lot of time in this northern climate , the zoo has thoughtfully [named] sleeping cubicles , scramble nets , climbing ropes and in particular , their log climbing frames .

The overall aims of the experience would be specified , including : to give students the opportunity to work in a real production kitchen where the pace , the expectations and the allowed tolerances would be different from a college training kitchen ; to give students the chance to see and use specialist equipment unavailable at college ; to give the students the opportunity to assess their own personal skills , including the ability to cope on their own , away from home .
the overall aims of the experience would be [named] , including : to give students the opportunity to work in a real production kitchen where the pace , the expectations and the allowed tolerances would be different from a college training kitchen ; to give students the chance to see and use specialist equipment unavailable at college ; to give the students the opportunity to assess their own personal skills , including the ability to cope on their own , away from home .

If the works specified are insufficient to abate the odour then in any further proceedings to obtain a nuisance order under s.94 , the notice itself may be held bad , as in Whatling v Rees where the work specified in the notice , the draining of a cellar , would not have been sufficient to abate the nuisance .
if the works [named] are insufficient to abate the odour then in any further proceedings to obtain a nuisance order under s.94 , the notice itself may be held bad , as in whatling v rees where the work [named] in the notice , the draining of a cellar , would not have been sufficient to abate the nuisance .

Furthermore , should the specified remedial works be carried out , and the odour emission continue , in any further proceedings , in respect of a statutory nuisance within s.92(1) ( c ) or s.92(1) ( d ) , the odour emitter could avail himself of the defence of best practicable means provided by s.94(4) and s.94(5) respectively .
furthermore , should the [named] remedial works be carried out , and the odour emission continue , in any further proceedings , in respect of a statutory nuisance within s.92(1) ( c ) or s.92(1) ( d ) , the odour emitter could avail himself of the defence of best practicable means provided by s.94(4) and s.94(5) respectively .

The remedial works specified in an abatement notice sometimes require planning permission , for example , the erection of a tall chimney , and may result in a clash of opinion with local planning authorities .
the remedial works [named] in an abatement notice sometimes require planning permission , for example , the erection of a tall chimney , and may result in a clash of opinion with local planning authorities .

If an abatement notice , served in compliance with s.93 of the 1936 Act , is not complied with at the expiry of the specified time , or the local authority thinks that the nuisance , although abated , is likely to recur , s.94(1) of that Act provides that it is the duty of the local authority to institute summary proceedings for a nuisance order , in order to obtain compliance with the notice or otherwise abatement of the nuisance .
if an abatement notice , served in compliance with s.93 of the 1936 act , is not complied with at the expiry of the [named] time , or the local authority thinks that the nuisance , although abated , is likely to recur , s.94(1) of that act provides that it is the duty of the local authority to institute summary proceedings for a nuisance order , in order to obtain compliance with the notice or otherwise abatement of the nuisance .

requiring the defendant to comply with the abatement or prohibition notice or otherwise abate the nuisance in a specified time , and to carry out any necessary works ,
requiring the defendant to comply with the abatement or prohibition notice or otherwise abate the nuisance in a [named] time , and to carry out any necessary works ,

The availability of this defence causes problems for a plaintiff especially where the defendant has carried out works specified in an abatement notice , without success , or where the odour problem is so complex that it is difficult to ascertain just what are the best practicable means .
the availability of this defence causes problems for a plaintiff especially where the defendant has carried out works [named] in an abatement notice , without success , or where the odour problem is so complex that it is difficult to ascertain just what are the best practicable means .

In addition , s.9 ( 4 ) imposes a duty on the disposal authority to ensure that conditions are complied with , and they may under s.9 ( 4 ) ( a ) , serve on the licence holder , a notice requiring compliance with a condition ( s ) within a specified time .
in addition , s.9 ( 4 ) imposes a duty on the disposal authority to ensure that conditions are complied with , and they may under s.9 ( 4 ) ( a ) , serve on the licence holder , a notice requiring compliance with a condition ( s ) within a [named] time .

If the notice is not complied with then the disposal authority may under s.9 ( 4 ) ( b ) serve on them a further notice revoking the licence at a time specified in the notice .
if the notice is not complied with then the disposal authority may under s.9 ( 4 ) ( b ) serve on them a further notice revoking the licence at a time [named] in the notice .

Section 7 ( 4 ) imposes a duty on the disposal authority to issue such a notice where it appears that continuation of activities to which the licence relates would cause pollution of water , a danger to public health or are seriously detrimental to amenities of the locality , and can not be avoided by modifying the conditions specified in the licence .
section 7 ( 4 ) imposes a duty on the disposal authority to issue such a notice where it appears that continuation of activities to which the licence relates would cause pollution of water , a danger to public health or are seriously detrimental to amenities of the locality , and can not be avoided by modifying the conditions [named] in the licence .

to cause or knowingly to permit any poisonous , noxious or polluting matter to enter streams , controlled waters or specified underground waters ;
to cause or knowingly to permit any poisonous , noxious or polluting matter to enter streams , controlled waters or [named] underground waters ;

Whilst in general planning permission is required for all development , certain uses falling within a class specified in an Order made by the Secretary of State may be undertaken without the need for planning permission .
whilst in general planning permission is required for all development , certain uses falling within a class [named] in an order made by the secretary of state may be undertaken without the need for planning permission .

The Town and Country Planning ( Use Classes ) Order 1972 is one such Order , specifying 18 use classes , and stating that where a building or other land is used for the purpose of any class specified in the schedule to the Order , the use thereof for any other purpose of the same class is deemed not to involve development .
the town and country planning ( use classes ) order 1972 is one such order , specifying 18 use classes , and stating that where a building or other land is used for the purpose of any class [named] in the schedule to the order , the use thereof for any other purpose of the same class is deemed not to involve development .

However in view of the emphasis on prevention rather than punishment , the most likely form of action to be taken by the Factory Inspectorate is the service of an improvement notice to the factory occupier requiring certain measures to be taken , within a specified time , to achieve compliance with the Act 's provisions .
however in view of the emphasis on prevention rather than punishment , the most likely form of action to be taken by the factory inspectorate is the service of an improvement notice to the factory occupier requiring certain measures to be taken , within a [named] time , to achieve compliance with the act 's provisions .

Neither set of findings shows that this tenet of the mental models theory is incorrect , but both show that , in a fully specified theory of text interpretation , it must receive a more specific formulation .
neither set of findings shows that this tenet of the mental models theory is incorrect , but both show that , in a fully [named] theory of text interpretation , it must receive a more specific formulation .

Later work in this tradition , where the rules of application seem much less complex , although specified in less detail , includes that of Grosz , Joshi & Weinstein ( 1983 ) and Brennan , Friedman & Pollard ( 1987 ) .
later work in this tradition , where the rules of application seem much less complex , although [named] in less detail , includes that of grosz , joshi & weinstein ( 1983 ) and brennan , friedman & pollard ( 1987 ) .

The very process of issuing a contract implies that standardization , since it also implies a checklist of activities whose performance can be specified and assessed .
the very process of issuing a contract implies that standardization , since it also implies a checklist of activities whose performance can be [named] and assessed .

Each school 's delegated budget share will be cash limited , which means there will be a specified amount to spend regardless of inflation .
each school 's delegated budget share will be cash limited , which means there will be a [named] amount to spend regardless of inflation .

However , with the implementation of the Eleventh Directive , this non-disclosure advantage will disappear ; and , if the Ninth Directive is put in place , and in due course extends to all subsidiaries ( whether public or private companies ) , then this non-recourse advantage will also disappear in the circumstances specified in the Ninth Directive .
however , with the implementation of the eleventh directive , this non-disclosure advantage will disappear ; and , if the ninth directive is put in place , and in due course extends to all subsidiaries ( whether public or private companies ) , then this non-recourse advantage will also disappear in the circumstances [named] in the ninth directive .

The Commission , however , has wide power to obtain information from the parties by making a formal request to supply information and/or documents within a specified period of time .
the commission , however , has wide power to obtain information from the parties by making a formal request to supply information and/or documents within a [named] period of time .

The Commission may make its approval of a merger subject to specified conditions and obligations designed to safeguard effective competition , and it is able to clear a merger if the parties modify their proposals to its satisfaction .
the commission may make its approval of a merger subject to [named] conditions and obligations designed to safeguard effective competition , and it is able to clear a merger if the parties modify their proposals to its satisfaction .

Of that number considerably less than one-tenth were actually imprisoned for the full period specified , the mere ordering of the execution against the body having produced the almost immediate payment of the debt in nine cases out of ten .
of that number considerably less than one-tenth were actually imprisoned for the full period [named] , the mere ordering of the execution against the body having produced the almost immediate payment of the debt in nine cases out of ten .

Proclamation of the fair was necessary to make it known and enforce its holding on the specified date .
proclamation of the fair was necessary to make it known and enforce its holding on the [named] date .

The requirement has been officially confirmed and specified in a Request to the Registration Committee 1978 .
the requirement has been officially confirmed and [named] in a request to the registration committee 1978 .

’ Categories should be specified unambiguously and therefore objectively .
’ categories should be [named] unambiguously and therefore objectively .

Similarly , if we can image that the research could lead to a diverging range of possibilities we believe that it is much more likely to lead to unexpected discoveries than would be the case if researchers were focused on a well specified target .
similarly , if we can image that the research could lead to a diverging range of possibilities we believe that it is much more likely to lead to unexpected discoveries than would be the case if researchers were focused on a well [named] target .

It is absolutely vital in any activity in this field that there must be a clearly specified objective , which would therefore seem to rule out the Blue Skies approach outlined here .
it is absolutely vital in any activity in this field that there must be a clearly [named] objective , which would therefore seem to rule out the blue skies approach outlined here .

He wanted to set a standard that says a system is easy to use ‘ if at least 90 per cent of a representative example of users can be trained to the level specified in 15 minutes or less .
he wanted to set a standard that says a system is easy to use ‘ if at least 90 per cent of a representative example of users can be trained to the level [named] in 15 minutes or less .

Where and how they can do this in the conditions which prevail in many rural areas is rarely specified .
where and how they can do this in the conditions which prevail in many rural areas is rarely [named] .

It would seem that up until recently ( usually this is specified as up to between 2 and 5 years ago ) individual incomers ( the ‘ soothmoother ’ type ) were assimilated with relative ease into individual social networks centred in neighbourhoods or villages .
it would seem that up until recently ( usually this is [named] as up to between 2 and 5 years ago ) individual incomers ( the ‘ soothmoother ’ type ) were assimilated with relative ease into individual social networks centred in neighbourhoods or villages .

Moreover , the plan specified areas where conflicts were sure to develop .
moreover , the plan [named] areas where conflicts were sure to develop .

If this is the decision , then such a way of life can be specified as Godly and incorporated into the Created God for as long as a consensus desires it .
if this is the decision , then such a way of life can be [named] as godly and incorporated into the created god for as long as a consensus desires it .

To return to the source of good , evil and neutral ; whatever , in the conflicts referred to , may have been the intentions or hopes of the protagonists , the fact remains that over the centuries they have produced a constant flow of individual human decisions which can be examined and specified as either good , evil or neutral .
to return to the source of good , evil and neutral ; whatever , in the conflicts referred to , may have been the intentions or hopes of the protagonists , the fact remains that over the centuries they have produced a constant flow of individual human decisions which can be examined and [named] as either good , evil or neutral .

Although he undoubtedly did not see it as such , what Jesus Christ was really doing was fighting to uphold the Second Choice as specified in this book .
although he undoubtedly did not see it as such , what jesus christ was really doing was fighting to uphold the second choice as [named] in this book .

In principle a given plot of land produced one knight for a specified length of time each year ; to ensure that the service was regular and the responsibility clear , attempts were made — never very successfully , except for a time in England — to keep the holdings intact , to prevent their being divided between younger sons .
in principle a given plot of land produced one knight for a [named] length of time each year ; to ensure that the service was regular and the responsibility clear , attempts were made — never very successfully , except for a time in england — to keep the holdings intact , to prevent their being divided between younger sons .

They include working as an individual , joining in group efforts , leading teams while remaining involved in the action , directing from afar what is to be done and how , coordinating , coaching and harnessing others ' talents to specified ends .
they include working as an individual , joining in group efforts , leading teams while remaining involved in the action , directing from afar what is to be done and how , coordinating , coaching and harnessing others ' talents to [named] ends .

Failure to carry out an audit and provide a verified environmental statement as specified in the company 's environmental audit programme will lead to deregistration .
failure to carry out an audit and provide a verified environmental statement as [named] in the company 's environmental audit programme will lead to deregistration .

Specified entry and exit routes are envisaged for waste entering or leaving the Community .
[named] entry and exit routes are envisaged for waste entering or leaving the community .

The absorption capacity of the sorbent was often in excess of the specified 2.8 litres/metre length .
the absorption capacity of the sorbent was often in excess of the [named] 2.8 litres/metre length .

The grounds for the action were specified in the Library Association 's statement to the local authorities in 1986 , and such legal action was obviously contemplated by the Library Association .
the grounds for the action were [named] in the library association 's statement to the local authorities in 1986 , and such legal action was obviously contemplated by the library association .

The Code specified the action required if members did not adhere to the Code on an issue of censorship and no action was taken .
the code [named] the action required if members did not adhere to the code on an issue of censorship and no action was taken .

Students shall keep the prescribed terms for their courses and at the direction of the Senate may have to fulfil such additional requirements either in vacation or in intercalary periods as may be specified in course regulations .
students shall keep the prescribed terms for their courses and at the direction of the senate may have to fulfil such additional requirements either in vacation or in intercalary periods as may be [named] in course regulations .

Candidates may not remove from an examination any answer books or material provided for the examination , other than the question paper unless it is specified that it may not be removed .
candidates may not remove from an examination any answer books or material provided for the examination , other than the question paper unless it is [named] that it may not be removed .

In our three examples of objectives given above , these conditions are specified .
in our three examples of objectives given above , these conditions are [named] .

The entry requirements for diploma and certificate courses at undergraduate level are specified in the course information sections of this prospectus .
the entry requirements for diploma and certificate courses at undergraduate level are [named] in the course information sections of this prospectus .

Upon the unbuilt land will be specified all the intended improvements , for which purpose plans of the intended streets will be requested from the owners .
upon the unbuilt land will be [named] all the intended improvements , for which purpose plans of the intended streets will be requested from the owners .

You may select your meals from a choice on the menu , you may assist in preparing the Home 's menu , you may eat when you wish during specified meal times .
you may select your meals from a choice on the menu , you may assist in preparing the home 's menu , you may eat when you wish during [named] meal times .

The memorandum specified that the employment of young people should be primarily considered ‘ from the point of view of their educational interests and permanent careers rather than from that of their immediate earning capacities ’ , and consequently LEAs were urged to undertake their new responsibilities and to exercise them ‘ in the fullest co-operation with the national system of Labour exchanges ’ .
the memorandum [named] that the employment of young people should be primarily considered ‘ from the point of view of their educational interests and permanent careers rather than from that of their immediate earning capacities ’ , and consequently leas were urged to undertake their new responsibilities and to exercise them ‘ in the fullest co-operation with the national system of labour exchanges ’ .

It was , after all , the first comprehensive Welfare Act directly intended for adolescents ( 14–17 ) , although previous legislation had specified hours and conditions of labour for children and young persons , and young adolescents were included in several of the clauses in the Children Act 1908 .
it was , after all , the first comprehensive welfare act directly intended for adolescents ( 14–17 ) , although previous legislation had [named] hours and conditions of labour for children and young persons , and young adolescents were included in several of the clauses in the children act 1908 .

It is a receipt issued on behalf of the shipping corporation that the goods were received and will be delivered to a specified destination .
it is a receipt issued on behalf of the shipping corporation that the goods were received and will be delivered to a [named] destination .

But the possible alternate arrangements must be unambiguously specified by the human constructor of the catalog when it is put together , and thereafter it can not , without further human intervention , other than mechanically go through its limited variety of tricks .
but the possible alternate arrangements must be unambiguously [named] by the human constructor of the catalog when it is put together , and thereafter it can not , without further human intervention , other than mechanically go through its limited variety of tricks .

End user specified internal information .
end user [named] internal information .

End user specified external information .
end user [named] external information .

If you have specified the desired action precisely , there should be no grounds for acrimonious arguments over whether your child has earned the reward or not .
if you have [named] the desired action precisely , there should be no grounds for acrimonious arguments over whether your child has earned the reward or not .

We will record his successes on this star chart and show him how he can earn treats when he has collected a specified number of stars [ see page 57 ] .
we will record his successes on this star chart and show him how he can earn treats when he has collected a [named] number of stars [ see page 57 ] .

At the intermediate level , 15 programme authorities were specified .
at the intermediate level , 15 programme authorities were [named] .

The role of the Task Force , as specified by the Prime Minister 's Office , was essentially a strategic vision : broad issues were to be raised ; the direction of any additional expenditure was to be stipulated ; and longer-term policies were to be highlighted .
the role of the task force , as [named] by the prime minister 's office , was essentially a strategic vision : broad issues were to be raised ; the direction of any additional expenditure was to be stipulated ; and longer-term policies were to be highlighted .

They allow local authorities to give advanced planning permission for specified types of development within defined areas .
they allow local authorities to give advanced planning permission for [named] types of development within defined areas .

Their accuracy still depends upon the correctness of our assumptions about causal order and the operation of other variables ; if we had either specified the causal order incorrectly , or failed to control for other important variables , the coefficients would be meaningless .
their accuracy still depends upon the correctness of our assumptions about causal order and the operation of other variables ; if we had either [named] the causal order incorrectly , or failed to control for other important variables , the coefficients would be meaningless .

’ The amount of meat was never specified , but football fans throughout Scotland had no doubts , it must have been Caledonia 's most famous culinary repast : a pund o ' mince .
’ the amount of meat was never [named] , but football fans throughout scotland had no doubts , it must have been caledonia 's most famous culinary repast : a pund o ' mince .

Although the usual coefficient of determination or scaled deviance can be used to indicate the global fit of any specified model , it is also important to examine model performance when estimating populations over areal units other than the wards from which the models were derived .
although the usual coefficient of determination or scaled deviance can be used to indicate the global fit of any [named] model , it is also important to examine model performance when estimating populations over areal units other than the wards from which the models were derived .

In such a model , the individual coefficients have a direct interpretation as the average density of people in each 30 m square pixel of the specified type .
in such a model , the individual coefficients have a direct interpretation as the average density of people in each 30 m square pixel of the [named] type .

By ‘ risk ’ we understand ‘ the likelihood of a specified undesired event occurring within a specified period or in specified circumstances ’ ( Health and Safety Executive 1989 : 30 ) .
by ‘ risk ’ we understand ‘ the likelihood of a [named] undesired event occurring within a [named] period or in [named] circumstances ’ ( health and safety executive 1989 : 30 ) .

As both organizations were undergoing far-reaching reforms , a tightly specified brief was not required and , in the event , it seems to have been changes in the Foreign Office structure which led to the abandonment of that part of the competition .
as both organizations were undergoing far-reaching reforms , a tightly [named] brief was not required and , in the event , it seems to have been changes in the foreign office structure which led to the abandonment of that part of the competition .

But some have to be sold in specified amounts .
but some have to be sold in [named] amounts .

Tea , biscuits and butter are other foods for which there are specified weights .
tea , biscuits and butter are other foods for which there are [named] weights .

If the level of inventory is less than the specified reorder point s , the retailer “ orders up to ” the specified level S. This is still the most common practice today .
if the level of inventory is less than the [named] reorder point s , the retailer “ orders up to ” the [named] level s. this is still the most common practice today .

The moment the level hits s , the retailer orders up to a specified quantity S. Unlike a periodic-review policy , in which retailers may order when the inventory level is less than s , with a continuous-review policy , they always order when the inventory equals s. Thus , under a continuous-review policy , retailers always order the same quantity ( Q = S – s ) but after a variable amount of time since the last order was placed .
the moment the level hits s , the retailer orders up to a [named] quantity s. unlike a periodic-review policy , in which retailers may order when the inventory level is less than s , with a continuous-review policy , they always order when the inventory equals s. thus , under a continuous-review policy , retailers always order the same quantity ( q = s – s ) but after a variable amount of time since the last order was placed .

Retailers no longer needed to carry such large inventories , the risk of losing shipments was reduced , and delivery was more certain on a specified schedule .
retailers no longer needed to carry such large inventories , the risk of losing shipments was reduced , and delivery was more certain on a [named] schedule .

The operator must first select the work to be done , put aside the tickets that indicate she performed the sewing appropriate for those bundles and should be paid at the specified rate for the job , open the appropriate bundles , and position the pieces to be joined on the sewing table in preparation for sewing .
the operator must first select the work to be done , put aside the tickets that indicate she performed the sewing appropriate for those bundles and should be paid at the [named] rate for the job , open the appropriate bundles , and position the pieces to be joined on the sewing table in preparation for sewing .

A given shirt must have a specified collar size and a given sleeve length .
a given shirt must have a [named] collar size and a given sleeve length .

The formal analysis in Chapter 7 specified the factors that determine whether production of items under rapid replenishment policies should be done domestically or outsourced to low wage countries .
the formal analysis in chapter 7 [named] the factors that determine whether production of items under rapid replenishment policies should be done domestically or outsourced to low wage countries .

In 1938 , the Fair Labor Standards Act ( FLSA ) for industry generally specified minimum wage rates , overtime after forty hours of work per week , and a prohibition of child labor .
in 1938 , the fair labor standards act ( flsa ) for industry generally [named] minimum wage rates , overtime after forty hours of work per week , and a prohibition of child labor .

There is often a supernatural element to the narrative , such as a person ’ s disappearance into thin air , yet it will be recited as having occurred in a specified locale .
there is often a supernatural element to the narrative , such as a person ’ s disappearance into thin air , yet it will be recited as having occurred in a [named] locale .

The first clause of the Fourteenth Amendment specified who would be a member of the new polity : “ All persons born or naturalized in the United States , and subject to the jurisdiction thereof , are citizens of the United States .
the first clause of the fourteenth amendment [named] who would be a member of the new polity : “ all persons born or naturalized in the united states , and subject to the jurisdiction thereof , are citizens of the united states .

Only citizens—not merely residents—of different states could bring their cases to the federal courts.20 More important , the 1787 pact sought to equalize the legal status of citizens across the country by guaranteeing that “ the Citizens of each State shall be entitled to all Privileges and Immunities of Citizens in the several States. ” 21 National citizenship , either for a specified period of time or by birth , was necessary to run for national office.22 The charter of 1787 said nothing about how one becomes a citizen either of a state or of the national polity .
only citizens—not merely residents—of different states could bring their cases to the federal courts.20 more important , the 1787 pact sought to equalize the legal status of citizens across the country by guaranteeing that “ the citizens of each state shall be entitled to all privileges and immunities of citizens in the several states. ” 21 national citizenship , either for a [named] period of time or by birth , was necessary to run for national office.22 the charter of 1787 said nothing about how one becomes a citizen either of a state or of the national polity .

In Lego World , the grammar is specified by the ways primitive blocks can be attached or unattached and by any designation of which Lego objects can carry out which primitive construction operations .
in lego world , the grammar is [named] by the ways primitive blocks can be attached or unattached and by any designation of which lego objects can carry out which primitive construction operations .

In Origins and At Home , I built upon a suggestion of economist Paul Romer , and specified that each symbol string or here , each Lego object has some utility to a single consumer .
in origins and at home , i built upon a suggestion of economist paul romer , and [named] that each symbol string or here , each lego object has some utility to a single consumer .

In any specific case of work done , some direction of application of force is specified in three-dimensional space , some actual direction of motion of the mass is specified in three-dimensional space , and some actual coupling mechanism is in place such that the force does act on the mass and get it to accelerate in that direction .
in any specific case of work done , some direction of application of force is [named] in three-dimensional space , some actual direction of motion of the mass is [named] in three-dimensional space , and some actual coupling mechanism is in place such that the force does act on the mass and get it to accelerate in that direction .

An interesting feature of categories is that a category can have the property that the mapping from the domain to the range is specified by the category itself in a recursive way ; the elements of the range determine the mapping from the domain to the range .
an interesting feature of categories is that a category can have the property that the mapping from the domain to the range is [named] by the category itself in a recursive way ; the elements of the range determine the mapping from the domain to the range .

Wittgenstein ’ s point is that one can not , in general , reduce statements at a higher level to a finitely specified set of necessary and suYcient statements at a lower level .
wittgenstein ’ s point is that one can not , in general , reduce statements at a higher level to a finitely [named] set of necessary and suycient statements at a lower level .

Imagine a sum of histories from an initial gamma- tetrahedron in a mandala with some given fundamental amplitude laws ( thereby the initial and boundary conditions are specified ) , where the pathways in that set of histories pass up and down the stack of mandalas such that the fundamental amplitude laws change , as does the spin network , and then consider the bundle of all such histories that end on a given spin network in a given gamma ring with given , perhaps new , fundamental amplitude laws .
imagine a sum of histories from an initial gamma- tetrahedron in a mandala with some given fundamental amplitude laws ( thereby the initial and boundary conditions are [named] ) , where the pathways in that set of histories pass up and down the stack of mandalas such that the fundamental amplitude laws change , as does the spin network , and then consider the bundle of all such histories that end on a given spin network in a given gamma ring with given , perhaps new , fundamental amplitude laws .

However , it was much larger than the rules of the competition specified , and a decision was taken to build it as a separate museum .
however , it was much larger than the rules of the competition [named] , and a decision was taken to build it as a separate museum .

Pollock pointed out that proving the cost-effectiveness of a specified , well-described service in a clinical setting is a critical consideration in moving a new practice from a research endeavor to a reimbursable service .
pollock pointed out that proving the cost-effectiveness of a [named] , well-described service in a clinical setting is a critical consideration in moving a new practice from a research endeavor to a reimbursable service .

Section 32902 ( a ) of title 49 , United States Code , requires that light truck CAFE standards be prescribed for each model year in accordance with the `` Maximum feasible '' criteria specified in that subsection and subsection 32902 ( f ) .
section 32902 ( a ) of title 49 , united states code , requires that light truck cafe standards be prescribed for each model year in accordance with the `` maximum feasible '' criteria [named] in that subsection and subsection 32902 ( f ) .

In some instances employees were formally authorized to approve specified dollar levels of program assistance or procurements .
in some instances employees were formally authorized to approve [named] dollar levels of program assistance or procurements .

It is an ad valorem tax of 0.125 percent imposed on commercial cargo loaded and unloaded at specified U.S. ports open to public navigation .
it is an ad valorem tax of 0.125 percent imposed on commercial cargo loaded and unloaded at [named] u.s. ports open to public navigation .

Premiums for SMI ( Supplementary Medical Insurance ) , bank deposit insurance , pension benefit guarantees , crop insurance , life insurance , and other insurance. -- In exchange for a premium and other considerations , the Government promises to make payments to program participants if specified events occur .
premiums for smi ( supplementary medical insurance ) , bank deposit insurance , pension benefit guarantees , crop insurance , life insurance , and other insurance. -- in exchange for a premium and other considerations , the government promises to make payments to program participants if [named] events occur .

The Board , however , recognizes that significant practical problems may arise if an agency is compelled to adopt a specified costing approach for reporting stewardship assets , and that such cost approach would not be used for computing the net cost of operations .
the board , however , recognizes that significant practical problems may arise if an agency is compelled to adopt a [named] costing approach for reporting stewardship assets , and that such cost approach would not be used for computing the net cost of operations .

APPORTIONMENT - A distribution made by OMB of amounts available for obligation in an appropriation or fund account into amounts available for specified time periods , programs , activities , projects , objects , or combinations thereof .
apportionment - a distribution made by omb of amounts available for obligation in an appropriation or fund account into amounts available for [named] time periods , programs , activities , projects , objects , or combinations thereof .

It tracks the use of each appropriation for specified purposes in separate budget accounts through the various stages of budget execution from appropriation to apportionment and allotment to obligation and eventual outlay .
it tracks the use of each appropriation for [named] purposes in separate budget accounts through the various stages of budget execution from appropriation to apportionment and allotment to obligation and eventual outlay .

The term always refers to a specified manager since all costs are controllable by someone .
the term always refers to a [named] manager since all costs are controllable by someone .

INSURANCE AND GUARANTEE PROGRAMS - Federal government programs that provide protection to individuals or entities against specified risks .
insurance and guarantee programs - federal government programs that provide protection to individuals or entities against [named] risks .

Those benefits may be defined in terms of specified benefits , such as health care , tuition assistance , or legal services , which are provided to retirees as the need for those benefits arises , such as certain health care benefits .
those benefits may be defined in terms of [named] benefits , such as health care , tuition assistance , or legal services , which are provided to retirees as the need for those benefits arises , such as certain health care benefits .

They may be defined in terms of monetary amounts that become payable on the occurrence of a specified event , such as life insurance benefits .
they may be defined in terms of monetary amounts that become payable on the occurrence of a [named] event , such as life insurance benefits .

The documents had to be retained for specified periods and be stored under certain procedures in accordance with Title 8 , `` Records Management , '' of GAO 's PolicyandProceduresManual .
the documents had to be retained for [named] periods and be stored under certain procedures in accordance with title 8 , `` records management , '' of gao 's policyandproceduresmanual .

GAO 's congressional policies and protocols apply to all investigative work conducted by the Office of Special Investigations unless an exception is specified herein or noted in advance .
gao 's congressional policies and protocols apply to all investigative work conducted by the office of special investigations unless an exception is [named] herein or noted in advance .

These revisions established importation criteria for certain animal and plant products based on the level of disease risk in specified geographical locations .
these revisions established importation criteria for certain animal and plant products based on the level of disease risk in [named] geographical locations .

The Commission 's Report and Order adopts rule changes to revise its Schedule of Regulatory Fees in order to recover the costs specified by Congress for its enforcement , policy and rulemaking , international activities , and user information services .
the commission 's report and order adopts rule changes to revise its schedule of regulatory fees in order to recover the costs [named] by congress for its enforcement , policy and rulemaking , international activities , and user information services .

The prior Executive Order contained a similar requirement now found at section 3 ( b ) ( 2 ) ( A ) of the newly effective Order requiring that the preemptive effects of the rule be specified .
the prior executive order contained a similar requirement now found at section 3 ( b ) ( 2 ) ( a ) of the newly effective order requiring that the preemptive effects of the rule be [named] .

These studies yield a process capability index ( Cpk ) , a measure of the process 's ability to build a part within specified limits .
these studies yield a process capability index ( cpk ) , a measure of the process 's ability to build a part within [named] limits .

The industry standard is to have a Cpk of 1.33 or higher , which equates to a probability that 99.99 percent of the parts built on that process will be within the specified limits .
the industry standard is to have a cpk of 1.33 or higher , which equates to a probability that 99.99 percent of the parts built on that process will be within the [named] limits .

Demonstrating Product Reliability Indicates the Product Is Ready for Production A product is reliable when it can perform over a specified period of time without failure , degradation , or need of repair .
demonstrating product reliability indicates the product is ready for production a product is reliable when it can perform over a [named] period of time without failure , degradation , or need of repair .

These revisions established importation criteria for certain animal and plant products based on the level of disease risk in specified geographical locations .
these revisions established importation criteria for certain animal and plant products based on the level of disease risk in [named] geographical locations .

In addition , as previously mentioned , we are requesting $ 5.2 million to provide the annual funding requirement specified in the Truth in Regulating Act .
in addition , as previously mentioned , we are requesting $ 5.2 million to provide the annual funding requirement [named] in the truth in regulating act .

Special reports apply to auditors ' reports issued in connection with the following : ( 1 ) financial statements that are prepared in conformity with a comprehensive basis of accounting other than generally accepted accounting principles ; ( 2 ) specified elements , accounts , or items of a financial statement ; ( 3 ) compliance with aspects of contractual agreements or regulatory requirements related to audited financial statements ; ( 4 ) financial presentations to comply with contractual agreements or regulatory provisions ; or ( 5 ) financial information presented in prescribed forms or schedules that require a prescribed form of auditor 's report .
special reports apply to auditors ' reports issued in connection with the following : ( 1 ) financial statements that are prepared in conformity with a comprehensive basis of accounting other than generally accepted accounting principles ; ( 2 ) [named] elements , accounts , or items of a financial statement ; ( 3 ) compliance with aspects of contractual agreements or regulatory requirements related to audited financial statements ; ( 4 ) financial presentations to comply with contractual agreements or regulatory provisions ; or ( 5 ) financial information presented in prescribed forms or schedules that require a prescribed form of auditor 's report .

If the officials of the audited entity do not make the required report as soon as practicable after the auditors ' communication with the entity 's governing body , then the auditors should report the fraud or illegal acts directly to the external party specified in the law or regulation .
if the officials of the audited entity do not make the required report as soon as practicable after the auditors ' communication with the entity 's governing body , then the auditors should report the fraud or illegal acts directly to the external party [named] in the law or regulation .

If audit documentation is only retained electronically , the audit organization should ensure that the electronic documentation is capable of being accessed throughout the specified retention period established for audit documentation and is safeguarded through sound computer security .
if audit documentation is only retained electronically , the audit organization should ensure that the electronic documentation is capable of being accessed throughout the [named] retention period established for audit documentation and is safeguarded through sound computer security .

For example , an outcome measure for a job training program could be the percentage of trained persons obtaining a job and still in the work place after a specified period of time .
for example , an outcome measure for a job training program could be the percentage of trained persons obtaining a job and still in the work place after a [named] period of time .

If audit documentation is only retained electronically , the audit organization should ensure that the electronic documentation is capable of being accessed throughout the specified retention period established for audit documentation and is safeguarded through sound computer security .
if audit documentation is only retained electronically , the audit organization should ensure that the electronic documentation is capable of being accessed throughout the [named] retention period established for audit documentation and is safeguarded through sound computer security .

If officials of the audited entity do not make the required report as soon as practical after the auditors ' communication with its governing body , then the auditors should report the fraud and illegal acts directly to the external party specified in the law or regulation .
if officials of the audited entity do not make the required report as soon as practical after the auditors ' communication with its governing body , then the auditors should report the fraud and illegal acts directly to the external party [named] in the law or regulation .

The prior Executive Order contained a similar requirement now found at Section 3 ( b ) ( 2 ) ( A ) of the newly effective Order requiring that the preemptive effect of the rule be specified .
the prior executive order contained a similar requirement now found at section 3 ( b ) ( 2 ) ( a ) of the newly effective order requiring that the preemptive effect of the rule be [named] .

A nonattainment area is a GAO/OGC-96-45 specified area that has failed to attain the applicable National Ambient Air Quality Standard for a given pollutant .
a nonattainment area is a gao/ogc-96-45 [named] area that has failed to attain the applicable national ambient air quality standard for a given pollutant .

Is the power supply appropriate to the specified mechanical equipment ?
is the power supply appropriate to the [named] mechanical equipment ?

The auditor will be trying to determine whether a project will result in a specified product or level of performance and will be delivered at a specified time and cost .
the auditor will be trying to determine whether a project will result in a [named] product or level of performance and will be delivered at a [named] time and cost .

Determine if test plans adequately measure systemperformance requirements to be specified in the request for proposals ( RFP ) .
determine if test plans adequately measure systemperformance requirements to be [named] in the request for proposals ( rfp ) .

Internal auditors may be required to verify that the equipment or software pass the specified tests .
internal auditors may be required to verify that the equipment or software pass the [named] tests .

Authority to acquire information processing resourcesDelegation of up to a specified limit , issued by GSA in response toProcurement an agency procurement request .
authority to acquire information processing resourcesdelegation of up to a [named] limit , issued by gsa in response toprocurement an agency procurement request .

If the agency is unable to schedule a meeting to provide its views within the time frame specified by GAO , the testimony statement will reflect that GAO was unable to obtain the agency 's views .
if the agency is unable to schedule a meeting to provide its views within the time frame [named] by gao , the testimony statement will reflect that gao was unable to obtain the agency 's views .

The data collected in the third phase are not specified before the first phase : they emerge , often with surprises , from the initial observations .
the data collected in the third phase are not [named] before the first phase : they emerge , often with surprises , from the initial observations .

Given that the two measures are roughly similar as a share of GDP , in this section we use the unified budget measure unless otherwise specified .
given that the two measures are roughly similar as a share of gdp , in this section we use the unified budget measure unless otherwise [named] .

In order to provide a consistent frame of reference for discussing federal fiscal policy issues , this section refers to the unified budget measure unless otherwise specified .
in order to provide a consistent frame of reference for discussing federal fiscal policy issues , this section refers to the unified budget measure unless otherwise [named] .

We reported in February 1998 that IRS had not clearly defined system modernization phases , nor had it adequately specified organizational roles , making it unclear who was to do what.8 IRS ' systems modernization challenges include completing a modernization blueprint to define , direct , and control future modernization efforts and establishing the management and engineering capability to build and acquire modernized systems .
we reported in february 1998 that irs had not clearly defined system modernization phases , nor had it adequately [named] organizational roles , making it unclear who was to do what.8 irs ' systems modernization challenges include completing a modernization blueprint to define , direct , and control future modernization efforts and establishing the management and engineering capability to build and acquire modernized systems .

Virtually all of the major executive agencies have appointed CIOs , and many have taken positive steps toward the implementation of important information management processes specified by law .
virtually all of the major executive agencies have appointed cios , and many have taken positive steps toward the implementation of important information management processes [named] by law .

Freedom of Information Act of 1966 ( Public Law 89-554 ) ¬ This law established the right of public access to government information by requiring agencies to make information accessible to the public , either through automatic disclosure or upon specific request , subject to specified exemptions .
freedom of information act of 1966 ( public law 89-554 ) ¬ this law established the right of public access to government information by requiring agencies to make information accessible to the public , either through automatic disclosure or upon specific request , subject to [named] exemptions .

It concluded the section specified four categories of prohibited activities , of which `` three appear [ ed ] to prohibit the type of activity named regardless of viewpoint , while one might be read to prohibit the activity only when it seeks reform . ''
it concluded the section [named] four categories of prohibited activities , of which `` three appear [ ed ] to prohibit the type of activity named regardless of viewpoint , while one might be read to prohibit the activity only when it seeks reform . ''

The same is true when the government establishes a subsidy for specified ends .
the same is true when the government establishes a subsidy for [named] ends .

For example , upon request , recipients must provide LSC access to all records specified in section 509 ( h ) unless , as provided in section 509 ( h ) , the information sought is protected by the attorney-client privilege .
for example , upon request , recipients must provide lsc access to all records [named] in section 509 ( h ) unless , as provided in section 509 ( h ) , the information sought is protected by the attorney-client privilege .

H-2A aliens are non-immigrants , who reside in a foreign country but come to the United States temporarily to perform agricultural labor or services for a specified employer or employers .
h-2a aliens are non-immigrants , who reside in a foreign country but come to the united states temporarily to perform agricultural labor or services for a [named] employer or employers .

An alien also must not be inadmissible under the categories of inadmissibility specified in the INA .
an alien also must not be inadmissible under the categories of inadmissibility [named] in the ina .

Unlike past laws restricting the work of legal services , these provisions apply to all the funds of a recipient , with very few specified exceptions .
unlike past laws restricting the work of legal services , these provisions apply to all the funds of a recipient , with very few [named] exceptions .

Test solution temperatures should be maintained within the limits specified for each test .
test solution temperatures should be maintained within the limits [named] for each test .

Test solution temperatures should be maintained within the limits specified for each test .
test solution temperatures should be maintained within the limits [named] for each test .

Requirements are specified in each toxicity test method .
requirements are [named] in each toxicity test method .

Physical and chemical measurements taken during the test ( e.g. , temperature , pH , and DO ) also are reviewed and compared to specified ranges .
physical and chemical measurements taken during the test ( e.g. , temperature , ph , and do ) also are reviewed and compared to [named] ranges .

The reviewer should verify that a quality control reference toxicant test was conducted according to the specified frequency required by the permitting authority or recommended by the method ( e.g. , monthly ) .
the reviewer should verify that a quality control reference toxicant test was conducted according to the [named] frequency required by the permitting authority or recommended by the method ( e.g. , monthly ) .

Physical and chemical measurements taken during the test ( e.g. , temperature , pH , and DO ) also are reviewed and compared to specified ranges .
physical and chemical measurements taken during the test ( e.g. , temperature , ph , and do ) also are reviewed and compared to [named] ranges .

The reviewer should verify that a quality control reference toxicant test was conducted according to the specified frequency required by the permitting authority or recommended by the method ( e.g. , monthly ) .
the reviewer should verify that a quality control reference toxicant test was conducted according to the [named] frequency required by the permitting authority or recommended by the method ( e.g. , monthly ) .

The results of the tests are expressed in terms of either the highest concentration that has no statistically significant observed effect on those responses when compared to the controls or the estimated concentration that causes a specified percent reduction in responses versus the controls .
the results of the tests are expressed in terms of either the highest concentration that has no statistically significant observed effect on those responses when compared to the controls or the estimated concentration that causes a [named] percent reduction in responses versus the controls .

The request also specified that EPA should evaluate the cost of achieving these reductions using four alternative technology scenarios :
the request also [named] that epa should evaluate the cost of achieving these reductions using four alternative technology scenarios :

In responding to this request , EPA modeled the combined impacts of both the emissions caps and the advanced technology scenarios specified by the Senators .
in responding to this request , epa modeled the combined impacts of both the emissions caps and the advanced technology scenarios [named] by the senators .

Other Analytical Assumptions As previously noted , the letter from Senators Lieberman and Jeffords requested that EPA use four different sets of technology and policy assumptions to meet the specified emission caps shown in Table 1 .
other analytical assumptions as previously noted , the letter from senators lieberman and jeffords requested that epa use four different sets of technology and policy assumptions to meet the [named] emission caps shown in table 1 .

Section 405 also sets deadlines for owners or operators of units to install and operate continuous emissions monitoring systems to monitor specified emissions or parameters under the new trading programs .
section 405 also sets deadlines for owners or operators of units to install and operate continuous emissions monitoring systems to monitor [named] emissions or parameters under the new trading programs .

One of the purposes of these provisions is production of peerreviewed scientific and technology information in time to inform the review of emissions levels as specified in Section 410 .
one of the purposes of these provisions is production of peerreviewed scientific and technology information in time to inform the review of emissions levels as [named] in section 410 .

If the Administrator grants the finding , the sources must either shut down or implement controls that the Administrator may mandate within a specified period , but no later than three years from the date of the finding .
if the administrator grants the finding , the sources must either shut down or implement controls that the administrator may mandate within a [named] period , but no later than three years from the date of the finding .

The results of the tests are expressed in terms of the highest concentration that has no statistically significant observed effect on those responses when compared to the controls or the estimated concentration that causes a specified percent reduction in responses versus the controls .
the results of the tests are expressed in terms of the highest concentration that has no statistically significant observed effect on those responses when compared to the controls or the estimated concentration that causes a [named] percent reduction in responses versus the controls .

Test solution temperatures should be maintained within the limits specified for each test .
test solution temperatures should be maintained within the limits [named] for each test .

Requirements are specified in each toxicity test method .
requirements are [named] in each toxicity test method .

The results of these model runs are predictions of pollutant concentrations under each of the emission control scenarios specified above .
the results of these model runs are predictions of pollutant concentrations under each of the emission control scenarios [named] above .

Unfortunately , because VSL is specified as quadratic in age , extrapolation beyond the range of the data can lead to a very severe decline in VSL at ages beyond 75 .
unfortunately , because vsl is [named] as quadratic in age , extrapolation beyond the range of the data can lead to a very severe decline in vsl at ages beyond 75 .

The survey used photographs reflecting different visibility levels in the specified recreational areas .
the survey used photographs reflecting different visibility levels in the [named] recreational areas .

Administrator ( by a date set , and on a bid schedule provided , by the Administrator ) offers to purchase specified numbers of allowances at specified prices .
administrator ( by a date set , and on a bid schedule provided , by the administrator ) offers to purchase [named] numbers of allowances at [named] prices .

The bidder shall state in the bid schedule that the bidder is willing to purchase at the specified price fewer allowances than the specified amount and shall identify the account in the Allowance Tracking System under section 403 ( c ) in which the allowances purchased are to be placed .
the bidder shall state in the bid schedule that the bidder is willing to purchase at the [named] price fewer allowances than the [named] amount and shall identify the account in the allowance tracking system under section 403 ( c ) in which the allowances purchased are to be placed .

Each bid must include a certified check or , using a form to be provided by the Administrator , a letter of credit for the specified amount of allowances multiplied by the bid price payable to the U.S. EPA .
each bid must include a certified check or , using a form to be provided by the administrator , a letter of credit for the [named] amount of allowances multiplied by the bid price payable to the u.s. epa .

The bid schedule , and check or letter of credit , shall be sent to the address specified on the bid schedule .
the bid schedule , and check or letter of credit , shall be sent to the address [named] on the bid schedule .

For any utility unit for which such form was not filed , the baseline shall be the level specified for such unit in the 1985 National Acid Precipitation Assessment Program ( NAPAP ) Emissions Inventory , Version 2 , National Utility Reference File ( NURF ) or in a corrected data base as established by the Administrator pursuant to paragraph ( 3 ) .
for any utility unit for which such form was not filed , the baseline shall be the level [named] for such unit in the 1985 national acid precipitation assessment program ( napap ) emissions inventory , version 2 , national utility reference file ( nurf ) or in a corrected data base as established by the administrator pursuant to paragraph ( 3 ) .

The owner or operator of any new utility unit in violation of subsection ( b ) ( 1 ) or subsection ( c ) ( 3 ) shall be liable for fulfilling the obligations specified in section 406 .
the owner or operator of any new utility unit in violation of subsection ( b ) ( 1 ) or subsection ( c ) ( 3 ) shall be liable for fulfilling the obligations [named] in section 406 .

The owner or operator of any unit in violation of this section shall be fully liable for such violation including , but not limited to , liability for fulfilling the obligations specified in section 406 .
the owner or operator of any unit in violation of this section shall be fully liable for such violation including , but not limited to , liability for fulfilling the obligations [named] in section 406 .

The owner or operator of any original or substitute affected unit operated in violation of this subsection shall be fully liable for such violation , including liability for fulfilling the obligations specified in section 406 .
the owner or operator of any original or substitute affected unit operated in violation of this subsection shall be fully liable for such violation , including liability for fulfilling the obligations [named] in section 406 .

The Administrator shall allocate allowances for a unit that is an affected unit pursuant to section 414 ( but is not also an affected unit under this section ) and part of a utility system that includes 1 or more affected units under section 414 for reductions in the emissions of sulfur dioxide made during the period 1995-1999 if the unit meets the requirements of this subsection and the requirements of the preceding sentence , except that for the purposes of applying this subsection to any such unit , the prior year concerned as specified below , shall be any year after January 1 , 1995 but prior to January 1 , 2000 .
the administrator shall allocate allowances for a unit that is an affected unit pursuant to section 414 ( but is not also an affected unit under this section ) and part of a utility system that includes 1 or more affected units under section 414 for reductions in the emissions of sulfur dioxide made during the period 1995-1999 if the unit meets the requirements of this subsection and the requirements of the preceding sentence , except that for the purposes of applying this subsection to any such unit , the prior year concerned as [named] below , shall be any year after january 1 , 1995 but prior to january 1 , 2000 .

The owner or operator of any unit operated in violation of this section shall be fully liable under this Act for fulfilling the obligations specified in section 406 .
the owner or operator of any unit operated in violation of this section shall be fully liable under this act for fulfilling the obligations [named] in section 406 .

The allowances referred to in paragraph ( 1 ) shall be offered for sale at auction in the amounts specified in table C. The auction shall be open to any person .
the allowances referred to in paragraph ( 1 ) shall be offered for sale at auction in the amounts [named] in table c. the auction shall be open to any person .

A person wishing to bid for such allowances shall submit ( by a date set by the Administrator ) to the Administrator ( on a sealed bid schedule provided by the Administrator ) offers to purchase specified numbers of allowance sat specified prices .
a person wishing to bid for such allowances shall submit ( by a date set by the administrator ) to the administrator ( on a sealed bid schedule provided by the administrator ) offers to purchase [named] numbers of allowance sat [named] prices .

Such emission limitations shall only remain in effect while both units continue operation under the conditions specified in their respective operating permits .
such emission limitations shall only remain in effect while both units continue operation under the conditions [named] in their respective operating permits .

Specifically , that Act turned rate making over to an independent Postal Rate Commission , but it also specified a range of factors to which the Commission must give weight and it required that certain classification structures of the past be honored.3 This paper focuses on changes the United States Postal Service would make if it had the freedom to position itself to withstand competition in all of its markets .
specifically , that act turned rate making over to an independent postal rate commission , but it also [named] a range of factors to which the commission must give weight and it required that certain classification structures of the past be honored.3 this paper focuses on changes the united states postal service would make if it had the freedom to position itself to withstand competition in all of its markets .

The coverage model specification is as follows : COVi = 1 - e -b*PPSi ( 1 ) where , COVi = ASi / PSi ASi = Number of actual stops on route i PSi = Number of possible stops on route i PPSi = Number of pieces per possible stop on route i Since coverage can not exceed 100 percent , we have specified an exponential function .
the coverage model specification is as follows : covi = 1 - e -b*ppsi ( 1 ) where , covi = asi / psi asi = number of actual stops on route i psi = number of possible stops on route i ppsi = number of pieces per possible stop on route i since coverage can not exceed 100 percent , we have [named] an exponential function .

Fire command stations were equipped with manuals containing prescripted announcements corresponding to a number of specified emergencies .
fire command stations were equipped with manuals containing prescripted announcements corresponding to a number of [named] emergencies .

According to the Summary of Conclusions , this meeting of the President and his advisers took place in the White House Situation Room ; however , the agenda alerting agencies to the meeting specified that it would be conducted via the secure video teleconference system ( SVTS ) .
according to the summary of conclusions , this meeting of the president and his advisers took place in the white house situation room ; however , the agenda alerting agencies to the meeting [named] that it would be conducted via the secure video teleconference system ( svts ) .

The U.S. government team learned that the Bin Ladin family sold UBL 's share of the inheritance and , at the direction of the Saudi government , placed the money into a specified account then frozen by the Saudi government in 1994 .
the u.s. government team learned that the bin ladin family sold ubl 's share of the inheritance and , at the direction of the saudi government , placed the money into a [named] account then frozen by the saudi government in 1994 .

There are 56 of them , each covering a specified geographic area , and each quite separate from all others .
there are 56 of them , each covering a [named] geographic area , and each quite separate from all others .

Field offices other than the specified office of origin were often reluctant to spend much energy on matters over which they had no control and for which they received no credit .
field offices other than the [named] office of origin were often reluctant to spend much energy on matters over which they had no control and for which they received no credit .

It specified both carrots and hard-hitting sticks- among them , certifying Pakistan as uncooperative on terrorism .
it [named] both carrots and hard-hitting sticks- among them , certifying pakistan as uncooperative on terrorism .

A Defense Department paper for the Camp David briefing book on the strategic concept for the war on terrorism specified three priority targets for initial action : al Qaeda , theTaliban , and Iraq .
a defense department paper for the camp david briefing book on the strategic concept for the war on terrorism [named] three priority targets for initial action : al qaeda , thetaliban , and iraq .

It specified as particular points of vulnerability the White House , the Capitol , symbols of capitalism such as Wall Street , critical infrastructure such as power grids , areas where people congregate such as sports arenas , and civil aviation generally .
it [named] as particular points of vulnerability the white house , the capitol , symbols of capitalism such as wall street , critical infrastructure such as power grids , areas where people congregate such as sports arenas , and civil aviation generally .

Nowadays , many computational biologists avoid modeling-as-data-fitting , opting instead to create models in which networks are specified in terms of elements and interactions ( the network “ topology ” ) , but the numerical values that quantify those interactions ( the parameters ) are deliberately varied over wide ranges .
nowadays , many computational biologists avoid modeling-as-data-fitting , opting instead to create models in which networks are [named] in terms of elements and interactions ( the network “ topology ” ) , but the numerical values that quantify those interactions ( the parameters ) are deliberately varied over wide ranges .

In their quest to understand schizophrenia epidemiology , John McGrath and colleagues have previously undertaken a systematic review of schizophrenia incidence—that is , the number of new cases diagnosed each year in a specified population ( see BMC Medicine 2 : e13 ) .
in their quest to understand schizophrenia epidemiology , john mcgrath and colleagues have previously undertaken a systematic review of schizophrenia incidence—that is , the number of new cases diagnosed each year in a [named] population ( see bmc medicine 2 : e13 ) .

They now report results from a second systematic review that examines published studies on the prevalence of the disease—i.e. , on the number of people who are suffering from the disease at a given time or within a specified time interval .
they now report results from a second systematic review that examines published studies on the prevalence of the disease—i.e. , on the number of people who are suffering from the disease at a given time or within a [named] time interval .

Sternberg argued that the time to complete the task could be divided into a sensory stage , dependent on stimulus parameters such as the intensity or clarity of the probe ; a comparison stage , dependent only on the number of items in memory ; and a response stage that reflected the difficulty of the specified response .
sternberg argued that the time to complete the task could be divided into a sensory stage , dependent on stimulus parameters such as the intensity or clarity of the probe ; a comparison stage , dependent only on the number of items in memory ; and a response stage that reflected the difficulty of the [named] response .

All treatments were performed in the presence of 1 μM mevalonic acid , unless otherwise specified .
all treatments were performed in the presence of 1 μm mevalonic acid , unless otherwise [named] .

The dorsal ectoderm or BCNE is fully specified as anterior neural ectoderm , as excision of this region led to headless embryos , and explants differentiated into neural tissue in culture , even when the formation of any mesodermal cells was blocked by interference with nodal signaling ( Kuroda et al .
the dorsal ectoderm or bcne is fully [named] as anterior neural ectoderm , as excision of this region led to headless embryos , and explants differentiated into neural tissue in culture , even when the formation of any mesodermal cells was blocked by interference with nodal signaling ( kuroda et al .

For each specified condition we calculate the OEAS .
for each [named] condition we calculate the oeas .

In developed countries , fuels are further specified in numerous classes for fire behavior prediction , but that requires decades of field work .
in developed countries , fuels are further [named] in numerous classes for fire behavior prediction , but that requires decades of field work .

A new optimum phenotype was then specified in which the expression of three of the ten network genes changed from on to off or vice versa ( i.e. , there was a shift in the environmental conditions favouring a different phenotype ) .
a new optimum phenotype was then [named] in which the expression of three of the ten network genes changed from on to off or vice versa ( i.e. , there was a shift in the environmental conditions favouring a different phenotype ) .

The regional models were calibrated as follows : first , plausible ranges were specified for model parameters governing sexual behavior and biological factors ( e.g. , transmission risks and cofactor effects of other STIs ) based on review of published studies and survey results ; second , multiple simulations were undertaken by sampling values from each of the ranges and recalculating the model for each set of sampled parameter values ; third , model fit was assessed by comparing modeled prevalence for adult males and females separately to baseline projections through 2020 ; and fourth , the best-fitting parameter set in each regional model was selected for the purpose of scenario analysis ( see Protocol S1 ) .
the regional models were calibrated as follows : first , plausible ranges were [named] for model parameters governing sexual behavior and biological factors ( e.g. , transmission risks and cofactor effects of other stis ) based on review of published studies and survey results ; second , multiple simulations were undertaken by sampling values from each of the ranges and recalculating the model for each set of sampled parameter values ; third , model fit was assessed by comparing modeled prevalence for adult males and females separately to baseline projections through 2020 ; and fourth , the best-fitting parameter set in each regional model was selected for the purpose of scenario analysis ( see protocol s1 ) .

Thus , the picture for the cytoplasmic face-controlled inside-out activation may be substantially more complicated than specified in Figure 1 .
thus , the picture for the cytoplasmic face-controlled inside-out activation may be substantially more complicated than [named] in figure 1 .

Nevertheless , regulations consistently focused more on defining the metes and bounds of the permissible than on prescriptive mandates , and their implementation was effected largely through the mechanism of “ assurances ” —commitments that institutions would faithfully safeguard the specified perimeters of acceptable conduct .
nevertheless , regulations consistently focused more on defining the metes and bounds of the permissible than on prescriptive mandates , and their implementation was effected largely through the mechanism of “ assurances ” —commitments that institutions would faithfully safeguard the [named] perimeters of acceptable conduct .

Insurers may also exclude specified services from coverage , such as maternity benefits or mental health services .
insurers may also exclude [named] services from coverage , such as maternity benefits or mental health services .

Grigory Kopelevich , the Howard Hughes Medical Institute 's Russian representative , recalls a story of a grantee whose microscope was stopped at customs because the box contained two screwdrivers not specified in the order .
grigory kopelevich , the howard hughes medical institute 's russian representative , recalls a story of a grantee whose microscope was stopped at customs because the box contained two screwdrivers not [named] in the order .

A front-page USAT story reports that for the first time in the past few years ( it would have been nice if the story specified exactly how many ) , the average diversified mutual fund is beating the S & P 500 stock index .
a front-page usat story reports that for the first time in the past few years ( it would have been nice if the story [named] exactly how many ) , the average diversified mutual fund is beating the s & p 500 stock index .

The law specified that if the referendum were ruled unconstitutional , poker would be banned in July 2000 .
the law [named] that if the referendum were ruled unconstitutional , poker would be banned in july 2000 .

If you can afford it , give him a stipend for a specified period of time as a tangible sign of your helping hand .
if you can afford it , give him a stipend for a [named] period of time as a tangible sign of your helping hand .

Why should n't Outlook 97 be able to handle appointments in specified conference rooms in future millenniums ?
why should n't outlook 97 be able to handle appointments in [named] conference rooms in future millenniums ?

Statute of limitations laws require plaintiffs to take legal action within a specified time in order for their claim to be valid .
statute of limitations laws require plaintiffs to take legal action within a [named] time in order for their claim to be valid .

There can be no specified time after which you know if you 've found the right partner .
there can be no [named] time after which you know if you 've found the right partner .

With `` no more than a month of practice , '' she would be able to send him `` a few good portraits '' -- including , he specified a few days later , `` some negatives that I can have enlarged to see you better . ''
with `` no more than a month of practice , '' she would be able to send him `` a few good portraits '' -- including , he [named] a few days later , `` some negatives that i can have enlarged to see you better . ''

The principal problem was , it seems , that neither the president nor the VP was comfortably in bluntly asking for the sums the professional fundraisers specified .
the principal problem was , it seems , that neither the president nor the vp was comfortably in bluntly asking for the sums the professional fundraisers [named] .

These are the qualifications for the job of Antichrist as specified by Lynchburg 's most famous preacher , Jerry Falwell , in a speech he made earlier this year .
these are the qualifications for the job of antichrist as [named] by lynchburg 's most famous preacher , jerry falwell , in a speech he made earlier this year .

The Post does explain one nuance USAT overlooks : whether that $ 1.10 per pack surcharge specified in the bill will actually raise cigarette prices enough to significantly reduce cigarette purchases .
the post does explain one nuance usat overlooks : whether that $ 1.10 per pack surcharge [named] in the bill will actually raise cigarette prices enough to significantly reduce cigarette purchases .

Buy up a large part of the supply of whatever commodity you are trying to corner -- it does n't really matter whether you actually take claim to the stuff itself or buy up `` futures , '' which are nothing but promises to deliver the stuff on a specified date -- then deliberately keep some -- not all -- of what you have bought off the market , to sell later .
buy up a large part of the supply of whatever commodity you are trying to corner -- it does n't really matter whether you actually take claim to the stuff itself or buy up `` futures , '' which are nothing but promises to deliver the stuff on a [named] date -- then deliberately keep some -- not all -- of what you have bought off the market , to sell later .

HMOs are the most restrictive plans , only covering patients who see their specified care providers .
hmos are the most restrictive plans , only covering patients who see their [named] care providers .

In the new study , about 5,600 professionals , a representative sample , were asked by Westat whether the children they had served appeared to have suffered specified harms or to be living under specified conditions .
in the new study , about 5,600 professionals , a representative sample , were asked by westat whether the children they had served appeared to have suffered [named] harms or to be living under [named] conditions .

Yet , there is this nagging question : Would Accounts Receivable be as relaxed as Accounts Payable plainly is about money regularly changing hands a week or more later than had been contractually specified ?
yet , there is this nagging question : would accounts receivable be as relaxed as accounts payable plainly is about money regularly changing hands a week or more later than had been contractually [named] ?

Look , Mr. Groening , we agreed to promote Futurama , but we never specified how , and we think this will work . ''
look , mr. groening , we agreed to promote futurama , but we never [named] how , and we think this will work . ''

If the war was constitutional in 1991-92 , the war is still constitutional now -- nothing in the resolution specified a time limit .
if the war was constitutional in 1991-92 , the war is still constitutional now -- nothing in the resolution [named] a time limit .

At a specified moment , a computer at the company that handles our e-mail delivery then grabs the copy from our site and mails it to our subscriber list .
at a [named] moment , a computer at the company that handles our e-mail delivery then grabs the copy from our site and mails it to our subscriber list .

If they wanted to contract for a traditional breadwinner/homemaker setup , with specified rules for property and alimony in the event of divorce , they could do so .
if they wanted to contract for a traditional breadwinner/homemaker setup , with [named] rules for property and alimony in the event of divorce , they could do so .

Less traditional couples could keep their assets separate and agree to share specified expenses .
less traditional couples could keep their assets separate and agree to share [named] expenses .

This rule is upheld even when a number is specified : a six-foot pole , a tenpenny stamp , a twenty-mile stretch .
this rule is upheld even when a number is [named] : a six-foot pole , a tenpenny stamp , a twenty-mile stretch .

Further on in the Preface one reads that “ major collections of wellerisms in some of the European languages are readily available ” and the implication that what we have here is representative of the “ rich British and American materials. ” According to the OED , a wellerism is “ a form of comparison in which a familiar saying or proverb is identified , often punningly , with what was said by someone in a specified but humorously inapposite situation. ” It is on a par with the literal interpretation of idioms , as in the cartoon of someone puffing on a chain with the caption “ Chainsmoker . ”
further on in the preface one reads that “ major collections of wellerisms in some of the european languages are readily available ” and the implication that what we have here is representative of the “ rich british and american materials. ” according to the oed , a wellerism is “ a form of comparison in which a familiar saying or proverb is identified , often punningly , with what was said by someone in a [named] but humorously inapposite situation. ” it is on a par with the literal interpretation of idioms , as in the cartoon of someone puffing on a chain with the caption “ chainsmoker . ”

Many know the tale behind dead man 's hand ( aces and eights , though their distribution is not specified ) .
many know the tale behind dead man 's hand ( aces and eights , though their distribution is not [named] ) .

PUCCINI : Tosca ( Filmed in the locale & time periods specified in the libretto ) ... [ From Atlantic Classics-Complete Catalog 1995 , p. 197 .
puccini : tosca ( filmed in the locale & time periods [named] in the libretto ) ... [ from atlantic classics-complete catalog 1995 , p. 197 .

He was not quite sure all this was within the specified stretch of track , as it was pitch black and the best we had been able to give him was an estimate of the times the train would enter and leave the segment .
he was not quite sure all this was within the [named] stretch of track , as it was pitch black and the best we had been able to give him was an estimate of the times the train would enter and leave the segment .

The ambiguity probably arose from She/He taught her/him everything she/he knows ( about something specified ) , in which the referent of the second She/he is ambiguous : common sense dictates that it refer to the subject of the sentence , not to the her or him , thus yielding the more reasonable She taught him everything she knows or He taught her everything she knows .
the ambiguity probably arose from she/he taught her/him everything she/he knows ( about something [named] ) , in which the referent of the second she/he is ambiguous : common sense dictates that it refer to the subject of the sentence , not to the her or him , thus yielding the more reasonable she taught him everything she knows or he taught her everything she knows .

