The Charter does stipulate that `` due regard '' shall be paid to the importance of recruiting the staff on `` as wide a geographical basis as possible '' .
the charter does [state] that `` due regard '' shall be paid to the importance of recruiting the staff on `` as wide a geographical basis as possible '' .

The credit requirements stipulate that the applicant must have the ability to operate the business successfully and have enough capital in the business so that , with loan assistance from the SBA , it will be able to operate on a sound financial basis .
the credit requirements [state] that the applicant must have the ability to operate the business successfully and have enough capital in the business so that , with loan assistance from the sba , it will be able to operate on a sound financial basis .

Regulations stipulate they must be able to withstand heat of up to eight hundred and fifty degrees for at least half an hour .
regulations [state] they must be able to withstand heat of up to eight hundred and fifty degrees for at least half an hour .

For PEPs this is unavoidable , as the rules stipulate that the investment is made in cash .
for peps this is unavoidable , as the rules [state] that the investment is made in cash .

One thing we must stipulate ; it is n't a get rich quick course , it 's giving you the background of it so that you can go away with as much information as possible .
one thing we must [state] ; it is n't a get rich quick course , it 's giving you the background of it so that you can go away with as much information as possible .

This subject has been debated many times over many years and , after much deliberation , it was felt less confusing to say ‘ Basket Only ’ rather than stipulate a specific number of items [ at least for the majority of our stores ] as this tended to cause confrontations between some cashiers and customers as to the quantity of items in the basket .
this subject has been debated many times over many years and , after much deliberation , it was felt less confusing to say ‘ basket only ’ rather than [state] a specific number of items [ at least for the majority of our stores ] as this tended to cause confrontations between some cashiers and customers as to the quantity of items in the basket .

England did n't stipulate ‘ remote ’ — but that 's what they 've got in Santander on the breezy northern coast that 's home to golfing star Seve Ballesteros .
england did n't [state] ‘ remote ’ — but that 's what they 've got in santander on the breezy northern coast that 's home to golfing star seve ballesteros .

The regulations then stipulate that before a report is submitted to the Secretary of State the inspector conducting the investigation shall inform everyone whose reputation is , in the inspector 's opinion , likely to be adversely affected by the report , inviting them to make representations , i.e .
the regulations then [state] that before a report is submitted to the secretary of state the inspector conducting the investigation shall inform everyone whose reputation is , in the inspector 's opinion , likely to be adversely affected by the report , inviting them to make representations , i.e .

Many air regulations stipulate a maximum flying height of 60m ( 196ft ) , which can be exceeded by permit ( Chapter Ten ) .
many air regulations [state] a maximum flying height of 60m ( 196ft ) , which can be exceeded by permit ( chapter ten ) .

For this is to stipulate that Lenin 's three criteria must be satisfied if a whole is to count as a complex one .
for this is to [state] that lenin 's three criteria must be satisfied if a whole is to count as a complex one .

All policies now stipulate that they must have run for between three and six months before claims will be considered — and most bar self-employed people altogether .
all policies now [state] that they must have run for between three and six months before claims will be considered — and most bar self-employed people altogether .

While many stipulate portfolios of at least £50,000 or £100,000 , some do not specify a minimum .
while many [state] portfolios of at least £50,000 or £100,000 , some do not specify a minimum .

While Collier and Rosaldo have relatively successfully characterized one type of ‘ brideservice economy ’ , they are too sweeping in their wider generalization ; for brideservice economies are not always associated with the cultural values these authors stipulate .
while collier and rosaldo have relatively successfully characterized one type of ‘ brideservice economy ’ , they are too sweeping in their wider generalization ; for brideservice economies are not always associated with the cultural values these authors [state] .

’ If the consignor wanted to ensure that no person other than the consignee or the lawful holder of the bill could claim delivery , he could stipulate that delivery required production of all the copies or parts of the set that were not in the master 's possession .
’ if the consignor wanted to ensure that no person other than the consignee or the lawful holder of the bill could claim delivery , he could [state] that delivery required production of all the copies or parts of the set that were not in the master 's possession .

For this reason , commercial letters of credit usually stipulate that the bank 's payment will be against presentation of the shipper 's copy of the air waybill .
for this reason , commercial letters of credit usually [state] that the bank 's payment will be against presentation of the shipper 's copy of the air waybill .

Professor Tetley likes the regulated status of this United States version of a waybill and contrasts it with waybills in the United Kingdom and Canada , which , being unfettered by a particular statute stipulate their own terms and conditions often to the detriment of certainty and fairness .
professor tetley likes the regulated status of this united states version of a waybill and contrasts it with waybills in the united kingdom and canada , which , being unfettered by a particular statute [state] their own terms and conditions often to the detriment of certainty and fairness .

The members ' rights of ownership entitle them not only to make decisions personally about how their property is to be used , but also to delegate that power to others , and they are free to stipulate what degree of control they require over the discretion ceded by them .
the members ' rights of ownership entitle them not only to make decisions personally about how their property is to be used , but also to delegate that power to others , and they are free to [state] what degree of control they require over the discretion ceded by them .

My Lords , section 87 does not stipulate that the successor must have resided at a particular house for 12 months but only that he should have resided with the deceased tenant for that period .
my lords , section 87 does not [state] that the successor must have resided at a particular house for 12 months but only that he should have resided with the deceased tenant for that period .

‘ ( 2 ) In the light of the provisions and principles of Community law and in particular ( but without limitation ) the principle of non-discrimination on grounds of nationality , the right of establishment and the requirement of proportionality , is a member state entitled to stipulate that in order to be registered in and entitled to fly the flag of that member state , a fishing vessel : ( a ) must have its legal title vested as to 100 per cent .
‘ ( 2 ) in the light of the provisions and principles of community law and in particular ( but without limitation ) the principle of non-discrimination on grounds of nationality , the right of establishment and the requirement of proportionality , is a member state entitled to [state] that in order to be registered in and entitled to fly the flag of that member state , a fishing vessel : ( a ) must have its legal title vested as to 100 per cent .

( 2 ) ( a ) It is contrary to Community law for a member state to stipulate as a requirement for the registration of a fishing vessel in its national register that the owners and operators of the vessel , whether they be natural or legal persons , or 75 per cent .
( 2 ) ( a ) it is contrary to community law for a member state to [state] as a requirement for the registration of a fishing vessel in its national register that the owners and operators of the vessel , whether they be natural or legal persons , or 75 per cent .

‘ ( 2 ) In the light of the provisions and principles of Community law and in particular ( but without limitation ) the principle of non-discrimination on grounds of nationality , the right of establishment and the requirement of proportionality , is a member state entitled to stipulate that in order to be registered in and entitled to fly the flag of that member state , a fishing vessel : ( a ) must have its legal title vested as to 100 per cent .
‘ ( 2 ) in the light of the provisions and principles of community law and in particular ( but without limitation ) the principle of non-discrimination on grounds of nationality , the right of establishment and the requirement of proportionality , is a member state entitled to [state] that in order to be registered in and entitled to fly the flag of that member state , a fishing vessel : ( a ) must have its legal title vested as to 100 per cent .

Consequently , the reply to the national court must be that it is not contrary to Community law for a member state to stipulate as a condition for the registration of a fishing vessel in its national register that the vessel in question must be managed and its operations directed and controlled from within that member state .
consequently , the reply to the national court must be that it is not contrary to community law for a member state to [state] as a condition for the registration of a fishing vessel in its national register that the vessel in question must be managed and its operations directed and controlled from within that member state .

( 3 ) It is not contrary to Community law for a member state to stipulate as a condition for the registration of a fishing vessel in its national register that the vessel in question must be managed and its operations directed and controlled from within that member state .
( 3 ) it is not contrary to community law for a member state to [state] as a condition for the registration of a fishing vessel in its national register that the vessel in question must be managed and its operations directed and controlled from within that member state .

And although regulations stipulate the number of toilets and washbasins in schools , over a third of the schools surveyed did n't come up to scratch because of an inadequate number of toilets .
and although regulations [state] the number of toilets and washbasins in schools , over a third of the schools surveyed did n't come up to scratch because of an inadequate number of toilets .

Modern men also stipulate that they must n't be boring , without seeing any contradiction in that thought .
modern men also [state] that they must n't be boring , without seeing any contradiction in that thought .

In local government the existence of Standing Orders , codes of conduct , and conditions of service clearly stipulate what can and can not be done in certain circumstances .
in local government the existence of standing orders , codes of conduct , and conditions of service clearly [state] what can and can not be done in certain circumstances .

Article 1 of the Framework Regulation ( 2052/88 ) should stipulate that all Structural Fund operations must be consistent with the principles of sustainable development .
article 1 of the framework regulation ( 2052/88 ) should [state] that all structural fund operations must be consistent with the principles of sustainable development .

These fail to cover animals imported from other countries , and stipulate that a trader can only be arrested if caught completing a deal .
these fail to cover animals imported from other countries , and [state] that a trader can only be arrested if caught completing a deal .

The resolution must stipulate the maximum number of shares authorised to be acquired ( s166 ( 3 ) ( a ) ) , which will usually be expressed as a percentage of the existing issued share capital .
the resolution must [state] the maximum number of shares authorised to be acquired ( s166 ( 3 ) ( a ) ) , which will usually be expressed as a percentage of the existing issued share capital .

It is possible and indeed advisable to stipulate in the rent review clause for such works to be disregarded see fourth Schedule paragraph 1.4.3 — but the works will not be disregarded on a renewal under the Landlord and Tenant Act 1954
it is possible and indeed advisable to [state] in the rent review clause for such works to be disregarded see fourth schedule paragraph 1.4.3 — but the works will not be disregarded on a renewal under the landlord and tenant act 1954

When contracts were exchanged , the conditions of sale would stipulate the time for the delivery of an abstract and thereafter the time for the raising of requisitions upon it .
when contracts were exchanged , the conditions of sale would [state] the time for the delivery of an abstract and thereafter the time for the raising of requisitions upon it .

Where an assessment involves interviewing the child about matters which are central to the case the court may stipulate that all interviews be recorded on video tape .
where an assessment involves interviewing the child about matters which are central to the case the court may [state] that all interviews be recorded on video tape .

It does not stipulate that the defendant has a right to win a lawsuit whenever and just because the plaintiff does not : it insists that neither side may have a right to win .
it does not [state] that the defendant has a right to win a lawsuit whenever and just because the plaintiff does not : it insists that neither side may have a right to win .

Pragmatism as a conception of law does not stipulate which of these various visions of good community are sound or attractive .
pragmatism as a conception of law does not [state] which of these various visions of good community are sound or attractive .

Only legislation can establish tax rates , structure markets , fix traffic codes and systems , stipulate permissible interest rates , or decide which Georgian squares should be protected from modernization .
only legislation can establish tax rates , structure markets , fix traffic codes and systems , [state] permissible interest rates , or decide which georgian squares should be protected from modernization .

For instance , if the parties do not want the expert to consider any evidence other than that contained in their submissions , and do not want him to make his own independent investigations , they could stipulate to that effect in the expert clause .
for instance , if the parties do not want the expert to consider any evidence other than that contained in their submissions , and do not want him to make his own independent investigations , they could [state] to that effect in the expert clause .

The implied duty to co-operate ( see 8.17.4 ) should make it unnecessary to stipulate that the parties will provide the expert with all information and documents he reasonably requires : sometimes expert clauses contain a specific provision to this effect .
the implied duty to co-operate ( see 8.17.4 ) should make it unnecessary to [state] that the parties will provide the expert with all information and documents he reasonably requires : sometimes expert clauses contain a specific provision to this effect .

Unless one of the steps in the review machinery is the service of a counternotice by the person upon whom the review notice is served , it is better not to stipulate for a particular form of notice because the fewer the requirements that have to be complied with the less scope there is for litigation .
unless one of the steps in the review machinery is the service of a counternotice by the person upon whom the review notice is served , it is better not to [state] for a particular form of notice because the fewer the requirements that have to be complied with the less scope there is for litigation .

Other treaties stipulate that no conflicting obligations can be made , but without specifying any consequence of breach . For example , the North Atlantic Treaty provides :
other treaties [state] that no conflicting obligations can be made , but without specifying any consequence of breach . for example , the north atlantic treaty provides :

Some may wonder why the government should be able to stipulate the limits of judicial control of the government by embodying ouster provisions in statutes which courts are , by virtue of the doctrine of Parliamentary supremacy , bound to apply .
some may wonder why the government should be able to [state] the limits of judicial control of the government by embodying ouster provisions in statutes which courts are , by virtue of the doctrine of parliamentary supremacy , bound to apply .

In the event , part of the collection was left to the museum at Charleroi , near Magritte 's home town ; another part went to the Pompidou Centre 's Musée National d'Art Moderne , while the painter 's remaining works , house and surrealist library were left ownerless : his widow had not had time to stipulate how they should be divided .
in the event , part of the collection was left to the museum at charleroi , near magritte 's home town ; another part went to the pompidou centre 's musée national d'art moderne , while the painter 's remaining works , house and surrealist library were left ownerless : his widow had not had time to [state] how they should be divided .

In calculating the amount of Housing Benefit , regulations stipulate that it must be assumed that the student is in receipt of the full grant .
in calculating the amount of housing benefit , regulations [state] that it must be assumed that the student is in receipt of the full grant .

Let us first ( so the reasoning goes ) consider the immediate impact of mother and child on one another before we try to stipulate the relationship between infant experience and adult behaviour .
let us first ( so the reasoning goes ) consider the immediate impact of mother and child on one another before we try to [state] the relationship between infant experience and adult behaviour .

The counselling and procuring provisions are contained in s.1(7) and stipulate that it is an offence for , inter alios , any of the above mentioned insiders to counsel or procure any other person ( ie not only individuals ) to deal in the relevant securities , if they know or have reasonable cause to believe that person would deal in them on a recognized exchange .
the counselling and procuring provisions are contained in s.1(7) and [state] that it is an offence for , inter alios , any of the above mentioned insiders to counsel or procure any other person ( ie not only individuals ) to deal in the relevant securities , if they know or have reasonable cause to believe that person would deal in them on a recognized exchange .

An example of compliance testing might be a review of a system for the procurement of free issue equipment . The system might stipulate that the tender brief be fully defined before bids are invited
an example of compliance testing might be a review of a system for the procurement of free issue equipment . the system might [state] that the tender brief be fully defined before bids are invited

If , because of confidentiality or for other reasons , it has not been possible for the seller to make all enquiries that it otherwise would , the seller would be well advised to stipulate in the contract or disclosure letter what enquiries have been made .
if , because of confidentiality or for other reasons , it has not been possible for the seller to make all enquiries that it otherwise would , the seller would be well advised to [state] in the contract or disclosure letter what enquiries have been made .

The seller may also wish to stipulate whose knowledge will be imputed to it ; it may be that a company could have knowledge through a person who knows nothing of the existence of the warranties .
the seller may also wish to [state] whose knowledge will be imputed to it ; it may be that a company could have knowledge through a person who knows nothing of the existence of the warranties .

Valuation by a third party is one method the parties can stipulate for ascertainment of the price .
valuation by a third party is one method the parties can [state] for ascertainment of the price .

It has to be admitted that there are problems with trying to state what data are without appearing to stipulate their character in advance .
it has to be admitted that there are problems with trying to state what data are without appearing to [state] their character in advance .

Nor did it stipulate how long the incumbent would hold office until fresh elections produced a successful candidate .
nor did it [state] how long the incumbent would hold office until fresh elections produced a successful candidate .

The legislation was re-drafted , however , to stipulate that to perform , procure , or supply the means for , an illegal abortion was a third degree felony and thus punishable by up to five years in prison and a fine of $ 5,000 .
the legislation was re-drafted , however , to [state] that to perform , procure , or supply the means for , an illegal abortion was a third degree felony and thus punishable by up to five years in prison and a fine of $ 5,000 .

The answer is that hygiene regulations stipulate that the caterer must use suitable equipment .
the answer is that hygiene regulations [state] that the caterer must use suitable equipment .

All other gilt-edged ( conventional fixed coupon stock ) tender offers stipulate a minimum price for offers .
all other gilt-edged ( conventional fixed coupon stock ) tender offers [state] a minimum price for offers .

Some schools will stipulate a number of Shakespearean speeches from which you may select , but in the main the choice of work is left entirely to you .
some schools will [state] a number of shakespearean speeches from which you may select , but in the main the choice of work is left entirely to you .

The rules stipulate that these boards can have a maximum hull thickness of 16.5cm which includes most boards produced today .
the rules [state] that these boards can have a maximum hull thickness of 16.5cm which includes most boards produced today .

The new set-up would stipulate 8.30am to 4.30pm as the official trading day .
the new set-up would [state] 8.30am to 4.30pm as the official trading day .

Before the ‘ competent authority ’ sanctions any release into the environment it should stipulate that the releaser has to take out an insurance policy that will cover it for any consequential damage to the environment and necessary clean-up operations .
before the ‘ competent authority ’ sanctions any release into the environment it should [state] that the releaser has to take out an insurance policy that will cover it for any consequential damage to the environment and necessary clean-up operations .

Indeed , in motorsport it 's not the colour of your clothes that matters , it 's whether they are fireproof , and the regulations stipulate that everything has to comply to the relevant safety standards .
indeed , in motorsport it 's not the colour of your clothes that matters , it 's whether they are fireproof , and the regulations [state] that everything has to comply to the relevant safety standards .

stipulate that electricity utility companies have to sponsor energy efficiency
[state] that electricity utility companies have to sponsor energy efficiency

You must also take into account any local exchange control regulations , the effect of which may make it sensible for the contract to stipulate that part of your salary shall be credited to you elsewhere .
you must also take into account any local exchange control regulations , the effect of which may make it sensible for the contract to [state] that part of your salary shall be credited to you elsewhere .

But this is not to criticize Young and Willmott , since they did explicitly stipulate the limitations which should be placed on their work .
but this is not to criticize young and willmott , since they did explicitly [state] the limitations which should be placed on their work .

You may want to stipulate a time limit for replies : to help with your catering arrangements : Please reply on or before May 8 , 1922 .
you may want to [state] a time limit for replies : to help with your catering arrangements : please reply on or before may 8 , 1922 .

Importers stipulate the wording of bonds and which banks are suitable .
importers [state] the wording of bonds and which banks are suitable .

The legal arrangements also stipulate in the same passage that if during his period of servitude the slave acquired a wife or children , then he must leave them behind when he leaves his master ’ s service .
the legal arrangements also [state] in the same passage that if during his period of servitude the slave acquired a wife or children , then he must leave them behind when he leaves his master ’ s service .

The annual blanket contracts should stipulate discount terms and late payment dates .
the annual blanket contracts should [state] discount terms and late payment dates .

Maybe all candidates -- both parties -- could just stipulate that they plan to be good , fair , more , better .
maybe all candidates -- both parties -- could just [state] that they plan to be good , fair , more , better .

We 'll stipulate that she was not hired because she was a woman .
we 'll [state] that she was not hired because she was a woman .

We can stipulate that God decides .
we can [state] that god decides .

Then , in response to Bush 's efforts to get out of this subject by stating that God decides who goes to heaven , Kinsley mocks him , noting that `` we can stipulate that God decides . ''
then , in response to bush 's efforts to get out of this subject by stating that god decides who goes to heaven , kinsley mocks him , noting that `` we can [state] that god decides . ''

The law ought to also stipulate the check ( s ) must be presented in a small , white canvas sack with a large `` $ '' sign on it .
the law ought to also [state] the check ( s ) must be presented in a small , white canvas sack with a large `` $ '' sign on it .

These effects are powerful , and the technical command behind them is extraordinary -- unparalleled , I 'm willing to stipulate , among American directors of Scorsese 's generation .
these effects are powerful , and the technical command behind them is extraordinary -- unparalleled , i 'm willing to [state] , among american directors of scorsese 's generation .

Woodward does n't know from context , though in recent books he has made feeble efforts to stipulate some .
woodward does n't know from context , though in recent books he has made feeble efforts to [state] some .

Many states are now considering bills that would stipulate two-day stays after mastectomies , direct access to obstetrician/gynecologists without a referral , and automatic coverage for almost any emergency visit .
many states are now considering bills that would [state] two-day stays after mastectomies , direct access to obstetrician/gynecologists without a referral , and automatic coverage for almost any emergency visit .

Let us stipulate that everyone involved in the Volunteer Summit means well .
let us [state] that everyone involved in the volunteer summit means well .

Let us stipulate , furthermore , that a little bit of good can outweigh a lot of bullshit , and the summit probably nets out as a Good Thing .
let us [state] , furthermore , that a little bit of good can outweigh a lot of bullshit , and the summit probably nets out as a good thing .

The best way to rig the debate in favor of an artist is to stipulate that the POC should be someone whose accomplishments would never have happened without him .
the best way to rig the debate in favor of an artist is to [state] that the poc should be someone whose accomplishments would never have happened without him .

Let 's stipulate that high-school males of yesteryear were a rowdy , school-stoning , carriage-tipping , teacher-beating , horse-whipping , liquor-soaked bunch of devolved maniacs .
let 's [state] that high-school males of yesteryear were a rowdy , school-stoning , carriage-tipping , teacher-beating , horse-whipping , liquor-soaked bunch of devolved maniacs .

Let 's stipulate that you are unique , unfathomable , singular , sui generis .
let 's [state] that you are unique , unfathomable , singular , sui generis .

Let us stipulate : Alexander is a serious politician who should be taken seriously as a serious presidential candidate by serious voters everywhere .
let us [state] : alexander is a serious politician who should be taken seriously as a serious presidential candidate by serious voters everywhere .

For the sake of argument , let 's stipulate that the way the AFI went about filling up its list resulted in an approach to movie `` greatness '' that is at best controversial and at worst dumbfounding .
for the sake of argument , let 's [state] that the way the afi went about filling up its list resulted in an approach to movie `` greatness '' that is at best controversial and at worst dumbfounding .

The NYT reports that Clinton 's lawyers have offered to stipulate to certain evidence in return for an abbreviated trial .
the nyt reports that clinton 's lawyers have offered to [state] to certain evidence in return for an abbreviated trial .

