Well they 're a bit over the , their stated time are n't they ? Stipulated
well they 're a bit over the , their stated time are n't they ? [stated]

and it was er a penny each way from across to Mold and when he sold out to Crosswell , old Jenkins stipulated that for so many years they had to keep penny each way
and it was er a penny each way from across to mold and when he sold out to crosswell , old jenkins [stated] that for so many years they had to keep penny each way

But it stipulated that cabinet decisions should be taken by majority vote , rather than by consensus as the National Party wanted . — Reuter
but it [stated] that cabinet decisions should be taken by majority vote , rather than by consensus as the national party wanted . — reuter

The Marquess was arrested at his flat in west London on Tuesday and taken to prison for failing to pay the maintenance arrears within the stipulated two weeks .
the marquess was arrested at his flat in west london on tuesday and taken to prison for failing to pay the maintenance arrears within the [stated] two weeks .

Taylor has stipulated that third and fourth division clubs have until the end of the decade to become all-seater , while those in the first and second divisions have just two close seasons .
taylor has [stated] that third and fourth division clubs have until the end of the decade to become all-seater , while those in the first and second divisions have just two close seasons .

Then in the afternoon fours game he fought back brilliantly , assisted with some great bowls from his No 3 John McLoughlin — another Games candidate — to level the match 17-17 after the stipulated 21 ends .
then in the afternoon fours game he fought back brilliantly , assisted with some great bowls from his no 3 john mcloughlin — another games candidate — to level the match 17-17 after the [stated] 21 ends .

But Rebecca Hall insisted the challenge stipulated that five people must squeeze in together .
but rebecca hall insisted the challenge [stated] that five people must squeeze in together .

It turned out that Lou wanted a garden pond of the wildlife variety — no fish , she stipulated , just a place where garden birds could come to drink , and where frogs and newts could frolic .
it turned out that lou wanted a garden pond of the wildlife variety — no fish , she [stated] , just a place where garden birds could come to drink , and where frogs and newts could frolic .

Where , as is usually the case , an instrument is laid subject to negative resolution , the position is that it will obtain or , more commonly , retain the force of law unless , within the stipulated time , the House rejects it .
where , as is usually the case , an instrument is laid subject to negative resolution , the position is that it will obtain or , more commonly , retain the force of law unless , within the [stated] time , the house rejects it .

Above all , one must look to the requirements of Parliament as stipulated in the Statutory Instruments Act 1946 .
above all , one must look to the requirements of parliament as [stated] in the statutory instruments act 1946 .

Pruning begins in earnest in mid-March , cutting back to the number of shoots and fruiting buds stipulated by the various systems of vine cultivation .
pruning begins in earnest in mid-march , cutting back to the number of shoots and fruiting buds [stated] by the various systems of vine cultivation .

Thus it was stipulated that the character and condition of the road , together with the speed-reducing provisions installed on it , must be such that a maximum velocity of 30 km/h is a logical consequence of these circumstances .
thus it was [stated] that the character and condition of the road , together with the speed-reducing provisions installed on it , must be such that a maximum velocity of 30 km/h is a logical consequence of these circumstances .

In order to establish their claim against those organisations or individuals who are responsible for the failure , the courts require that notice of a claim is given within a stipulated time of the accident .
in order to establish their claim against those organisations or individuals who are responsible for the failure , the courts require that notice of a claim is given within a [stated] time of the accident .

Such reflections have stipulated ( a ) the need for pastoral care , ( b ) the cultivation of a Christian consciousness and responsibility for the media , and ( c ) the development of the communicative potential of their personalities .
such reflections have [stated] ( a ) the need for pastoral care , ( b ) the cultivation of a christian consciousness and responsibility for the media , and ( c ) the development of the communicative potential of their personalities .

Babergh District Council also stipulated the gates should be replaced with something similar , a condition which was never met .
babergh district council also [stated] the gates should be replaced with something similar , a condition which was never met .

By relief it was stipulated that at least two hundred armed men must be seen to have entered the town , with due provisioning .
by relief it was [stated] that at least two hundred armed men must be seen to have entered the town , with due provisioning .

First , the limited liability company had a constitution which stipulated an executive board of directors , their relationship to shareholders and the necessary meetings , elections and voting systems .
first , the limited liability company had a constitution which [stated] an executive board of directors , their relationship to shareholders and the necessary meetings , elections and voting systems .

Charges shall be payable on the expiry of any time limit previously stipulated and the carrier shall be entitled to interest at the average of the overdraft interest rates being charged at Lloyds Bank plc and Barclays Bank plc current at this time , calculated on a daily basis on all amounts overdue to the carrier .
charges shall be payable on the expiry of any time limit previously [stated] and the carrier shall be entitled to interest at the average of the overdraft interest rates being charged at lloyds bank plc and barclays bank plc current at this time , calculated on a daily basis on all amounts overdue to the carrier .

the promise or consideration stipulated is the performance of an unlawful act ; or
the promise or consideration [stated] is the performance of an unlawful act ; or

She had stipulated to Asshe that Arkwright must be her stage name .
she had [stated] to asshe that arkwright must be her stage name .

Mario , however , had a contract with Chapman and that contract had stipulated , as at Mario 's insistence it always did , that he was to be the team 's Number One driver .
mario , however , had a contract with chapman and that contract had [stated] , as at mario 's insistence it always did , that he was to be the team 's number one driver .

The second amount bore a twofold significance , since a statute of the previous century stipulated a minimum of £20 per annum for justices of the peace , while two of the sumptuary acts evidently assumed this to have been the minimum for any gentleman by defining a class ‘ under the degree of gentlemen ’ , including university graduates , having £10 a year in lands or £100 in goods — a clear reference , it would seem , to merchants .
the second amount bore a twofold significance , since a statute of the previous century [stated] a minimum of £20 per annum for justices of the peace , while two of the sumptuary acts evidently assumed this to have been the minimum for any gentleman by defining a class ‘ under the degree of gentlemen ’ , including university graduates , having £10 a year in lands or £100 in goods — a clear reference , it would seem , to merchants .

Although incomes had to be given , assessment of the personal property of ‘ spiritual men ’ was not stipulated , and since the clergy were customarily taxed more heavily than the laity a good many of them may have been less than forthcoming .
although incomes had to be given , assessment of the personal property of ‘ spiritual men ’ was not [stated] , and since the clergy were customarily taxed more heavily than the laity a good many of them may have been less than forthcoming .

These teachers , usually female , were recruited in response to advertisements that usually stipulated needlework plus some remedial reading .
these teachers , usually female , were recruited in response to advertisements that usually [stated] needlework plus some remedial reading .

When sales revenue is a chief success indicator affecting incentive funds , the enterprise can raise the indicator by buying more expensive inputs … Similarly , if the enterprise switches from total sales revenue to net value of output as its performance indicator , it will select products with a high cost of processing , thus increasing net value added … [ In ] instances when Soviet planners have stipulated a revised set of leading economic indicators , and tied incentive funds to them , other indicators have moved in undesirable directions … planners found that , once again , only direct regulation could bring an improvement for any individual economic indicator .
when sales revenue is a chief success indicator affecting incentive funds , the enterprise can raise the indicator by buying more expensive inputs … similarly , if the enterprise switches from total sales revenue to net value of output as its performance indicator , it will select products with a high cost of processing , thus increasing net value added … [ in ] instances when soviet planners have [stated] a revised set of leading economic indicators , and tied incentive funds to them , other indicators have moved in undesirable directions … planners found that , once again , only direct regulation could bring an improvement for any individual economic indicator .

Resources : The Ninth Five-Year Plan ( 1971–75 ) stipulated that light industry would grow more quickly than heavy industry ; nonetheless , the opposite took place .
resources : the ninth five-year plan ( 1971–75 ) [stated] that light industry would grow more quickly than heavy industry ; nonetheless , the opposite took place .

Drafting of the plan begins long before the completion of the stipulated planning period and is brought into balance with the socio-economic plan for the country as a whole .
drafting of the plan begins long before the completion of the [stated] planning period and is brought into balance with the socio-economic plan for the country as a whole .

Anyone would think there was a law which stipulated that to call yourself a specialist in private medicine , you needed the necessary training and experience .
anyone would think there was a law which [stated] that to call yourself a specialist in private medicine , you needed the necessary training and experience .

During discussions with palace officials and advisers to the Queen , the princess stipulated her key claims .
during discussions with palace officials and advisers to the queen , the princess [stated] her key claims .

Secondly , she stipulated that she should continue to receive total financial support from the prince for herself and her children — with the right to make her own decisions on how her portion of the allowance should be spent .
secondly , she [stated] that she should continue to receive total financial support from the prince for herself and her children — with the right to make her own decisions on how her portion of the allowance should be spent .

The increase may be largely attributed to the penal code of 1885 , which stipulated that most cattle thefts be tried in police courts rather than district courts .
the increase may be largely attributed to the penal code of 1885 , which [stated] that most cattle thefts be tried in police courts rather than district courts .

Given this , it is probably not surprising that even where qualifications were stipulated , the requirement was not rigidly enforced .
given this , it is probably not surprising that even where qualifications were [stated] , the requirement was not rigidly enforced .

Von Schlieffen had applied his fertile brain to this eventuality and had stipulated that , since any advancing Russian armies must inevitably become divided by the lakes , first one , then the other , was to be attacked by the full weight of German forces in East Prussia .
von schlieffen had applied his fertile brain to this eventuality and had [stated] that , since any advancing russian armies must inevitably become divided by the lakes , first one , then the other , was to be attacked by the full weight of german forces in east prussia .

Currently , to define quality , the floor area or number of bedrooms may be stipulated ; a restriction may also be imposed on the proportion of detached , semi-detached or terraced dwellings .
currently , to define quality , the floor area or number of bedrooms may be [stated] ; a restriction may also be imposed on the proportion of detached , semi-detached or terraced dwellings .

In a typical 16th century English charter party the owner of the vessel acknowledged , directly or through the ship 's master , that : 1 ) he had let the ship and promised to prepare it , by a fixed date , to take in the goods provided by the charterer ; 2 ) the ship would sail with the first convenient wind to the stipulated port ; 3 ) in accordance with a receipt or bill of lading he would deliver the goods in good condition to the designated person ; 4 ) the ship would remain at that port for a fixed period to take in such goods as the charter party nominee party needed to reload , and that the ship would then return to the port of origin , and deliver the reloaded goods in good condition ; and 5 ) the crew would be as described , and would be furnished with the proper gear .
in a typical 16th century english charter party the owner of the vessel acknowledged , directly or through the ship 's master , that : 1 ) he had let the ship and promised to prepare it , by a fixed date , to take in the goods provided by the charterer ; 2 ) the ship would sail with the first convenient wind to the [stated] port ; 3 ) in accordance with a receipt or bill of lading he would deliver the goods in good condition to the designated person ; 4 ) the ship would remain at that port for a fixed period to take in such goods as the charter party nominee party needed to reload , and that the ship would then return to the port of origin , and deliver the reloaded goods in good condition ; and 5 ) the crew would be as described , and would be furnished with the proper gear .

The charterer , on the other hand , promised : 1 ) to load the ship within the stipulated time ; 2 ) to pay freight on the discharge of the goods ; and 3 ) to pay customary fees such as ‘ primage ’ ( a small payment to the master for his ‘ trouble ’ ) , ‘ pilotage ’ ( pilot 's fee ) , and ‘ average ’ ( an assortment of small fees for services , such as towing shared by ship and cargo , not to be confused with general or particular average ) .
the charterer , on the other hand , promised : 1 ) to load the ship within the [stated] time ; 2 ) to pay freight on the discharge of the goods ; and 3 ) to pay customary fees such as ‘ primage ’ ( a small payment to the master for his ‘ trouble ’ ) , ‘ pilotage ’ ( pilot 's fee ) , and ‘ average ’ ( an assortment of small fees for services , such as towing shared by ship and cargo , not to be confused with general or particular average ) .

An objective duty to balance potentially conflicting interests would present the courts with a near-impossible task and hence it is impracticable to impose one : not only would the court need to assess the likely impact on each group of a contested business policy , both in the short and long term , but also it would have to evaluate the policy in accordance with a theory which stipulated when one set of interests should prevail over the others .
an objective duty to balance potentially conflicting interests would present the courts with a near-impossible task and hence it is impracticable to impose one : not only would the court need to assess the likely impact on each group of a contested business policy , both in the short and long term , but also it would have to evaluate the policy in accordance with a theory which [stated] when one set of interests should prevail over the others .

Robert Kerr caused outrage in the mid-1860s by suggesting that the doctrine of three bedrooms ( stipulated in the 1840s when the blue books revealed a high incidence of incest ) should be abandoned ; but , though the moral problems did not of course vanish , his view came to be increasingly shared .
robert kerr caused outrage in the mid-1860s by suggesting that the doctrine of three bedrooms ( [stated] in the 1840s when the blue books revealed a high incidence of incest ) should be abandoned ; but , though the moral problems did not of course vanish , his view came to be increasingly shared .

Most enclosure awards , if not all , expressly stipulated that those who received allotments of land under the award were to fence these allotments within twelve months .
most enclosure awards , if not all , expressly [stated] that those who received allotments of land under the award were to fence these allotments within twelve months .

But it is easy to map out some of the important ‘ moments ’ ( though they can not always be dated precisely or uniformly across regions and social groups ) One would be the take-up , by former illiterates , of broadsides ; these had a printed text but , almost always , simply stipulated the use of an orally transmitted tune .
but it is easy to map out some of the important ‘ moments ’ ( though they can not always be dated precisely or uniformly across regions and social groups ) one would be the take-up , by former illiterates , of broadsides ; these had a printed text but , almost always , simply [stated] the use of an orally transmitted tune .

By the same token contracts drawn up for Italian fresco painters during the Renaissance commonly stipulated the use of ultramarine containing powdered lapis lazuli for the Virgin 's cloak .
by the same token contracts drawn up for italian fresco painters during the renaissance commonly [stated] the use of ultramarine containing powdered lapis lazuli for the virgin 's cloak .

Regional task forces estimate , however , that the gap between the hours stipulated in most juniors ' contracts and the hours that they will actually work is about five to 10 hours a week .
regional task forces estimate , however , that the gap between the hours [stated] in most juniors ' contracts and the hours that they will actually work is about five to 10 hours a week .

In Whitaker 's character brief to writers , Ian was stipulated as being a teacher of applied science , a 27-year-old graduate from an English ‘ red brick ’ university on whom the Doctor 's teenage companion might have a crush .
in whitaker 's character brief to writers , ian was [stated] as being a teacher of applied science , a 27-year-old graduate from an english ‘ red brick ’ university on whom the doctor 's teenage companion might have a crush .

She was only sorry that the brief formal note which had arrived from the Palazzo granting her an interview of no more than ninety minutes ' duration had stipulated that photographs would not be permitted .
she was only sorry that the brief formal note which had arrived from the palazzo granting her an interview of no more than ninety minutes ' duration had [stated] that photographs would not be permitted .

When opened it played the chorus of ‘ Spread a Little Happiness ’ , although the book stipulated it ought to be the ‘ Wedding March ’ .
when opened it played the chorus of ‘ spread a little happiness ’ , although the book [stated] it ought to be the ‘ wedding march ’ .

Since under national legal systems it is usually stipulated that the place in which the association is established is to be the place of performance of obligations arising out of the act of becoming a member , the application of article 5 ( 1 ) of the Convention also has practical advantages : the court for the place in which the association has its seat is in fact usually the best fitted to understand the documents of constitution , rules and decisions of the association , and also the circumstances out of which the dispute arose .
since under national legal systems it is usually [stated] that the place in which the association is established is to be the place of performance of obligations arising out of the act of becoming a member , the application of article 5 ( 1 ) of the convention also has practical advantages : the court for the place in which the association has its seat is in fact usually the best fitted to understand the documents of constitution , rules and decisions of the association , and also the circumstances out of which the dispute arose .

Mr. Park went on to argue that there were three phases in the operations carried out by the taxpayer , namely : ( 1 ) the pre-contract phase where business was solicited abroad , ( 2 ) the making of the contracts , and ( 3 ) the performance of the contract throughout the stipulated period of duration in the overseas country by refraining from taking action there against the sub-licensee .
mr. park went on to argue that there were three phases in the operations carried out by the taxpayer , namely : ( 1 ) the pre-contract phase where business was solicited abroad , ( 2 ) the making of the contracts , and ( 3 ) the performance of the contract throughout the [stated] period of duration in the overseas country by refraining from taking action there against the sub-licensee .

Whilst a petition , based upon failure to comply with a statutory demand , may be presented before the expiry of the three week period stipulated in the demand if there is a serious possibility that the debtor 's property will be diminished in value ( s 270 ) , no bankruptcy order can be made until the three week period has elapsed ( s 271(2) ) .
whilst a petition , based upon failure to comply with a statutory demand , may be presented before the expiry of the three week period [stated] in the demand if there is a serious possibility that the debtor 's property will be diminished in value ( s 270 ) , no bankruptcy order can be made until the three week period has elapsed ( s 271(2) ) .

Where at that date , any payment was accruing due , ie where payment in arrears was stipulated , the creditor may prove for the amount which would have fallen due if the debt had accrued from day to day ( r 6.112 ( 2 ) ) .
where at that date , any payment was accruing due , ie where payment in arrears was [stated] , the creditor may prove for the amount which would have fallen due if the debt had accrued from day to day ( r 6.112 ( 2 ) ) .

This should specify the amounts payable for particular posts and all councillors holding posts stipulated in the scheme should be entitled to claim the amount specified .
this should specify the amounts payable for particular posts and all councillors holding posts [stated] in the scheme should be entitled to claim the amount specified .

The American lawyer had offered ( according to the Cuban government ) a total of $ 443,000 , but further stipulated that this sum was to cover not just the refugees on the St Louis but also 150 Jews on two other ships .
the american lawyer had offered ( according to the cuban government ) a total of $ 443,000 , but further [stated] that this sum was to cover not just the refugees on the st louis but also 150 jews on two other ships .

The 1983 Mental Health Act stipulated that only approved social workers should be allowed to deal with mental health cases .
the 1983 mental health act [stated] that only approved social workers should be allowed to deal with mental health cases .

The compartment walls ( in Scotland , division walls ) and compartment floors are required to have a stipulated fire resistance depending on the size of the spaces as are all the other elements of structure as defined in the Regulations .
the compartment walls ( in scotland , division walls ) and compartment floors are required to have a [stated] fire resistance depending on the size of the spaces as are all the other elements of structure as defined in the regulations .

He stipulated that his kinsman John Herringman should have ‘ my Coppyes and partes of Coppys of Books as they stand entered in the Register Booke of the Company of Staconers … provided that he serves out his seaven years of Apprentishipp justly and truly ’ .
he [stated] that his kinsman john herringman should have ‘ my coppyes and partes of coppys of books as they stand entered in the register booke of the company of staconers … provided that he serves out his seaven years of apprentishipp justly and truly ’ .

, was building a house as far away as Wimbledon , Surrey , she stipulated that ‘ Mr. Smith of Warwickshire the Builder may be employed to make Contracts and to Measure the Work and to doe every thing in his Way that is necessary to Compleat the Work as far as the Distance he is at will give him leave to do .
, was building a house as far away as wimbledon , surrey , she [stated] that ‘ mr. smith of warwickshire the builder may be employed to make contracts and to measure the work and to doe every thing in his way that is necessary to compleat the work as far as the distance he is at will give him leave to do .

Default in the payment of interest or capital are not crystallising events although , given the validity of an automatic crystallising clause , there is no objection in principle to a charge by its terms being made to crystallise on the happening of a stipulated event of default .
default in the payment of interest or capital are not crystallising events although , given the validity of an automatic crystallising clause , there is no objection in principle to a charge by its terms being made to crystallise on the happening of a [stated] event of default .

Both sections 12 and 14 allow the senior police officer to impose conditions only if he ‘ reasonably believes ’ that the stipulated events will occur , and the Government White Paper expressed the view that the new law would ‘ ensure that demonstrators have an effective means of challenging any decision by the police to impose conditions which is not justified by a real risk of serious disorder , disruption or coercion .
both sections 12 and 14 allow the senior police officer to impose conditions only if he ‘ reasonably believes ’ that the [stated] events will occur , and the government white paper expressed the view that the new law would ‘ ensure that demonstrators have an effective means of challenging any decision by the police to impose conditions which is not justified by a real risk of serious disorder , disruption or coercion .

Soviet specialists approved of a statute adopted by Cambodia in 1957 which stipulated that it was a neutral state .
soviet specialists approved of a statute adopted by cambodia in 1957 which [stated] that it was a neutral state .

In Central Asia , the train was known as the ‘ Devil 's Wagon ’ and the rulers of Bukhara stipulated that the line should pass the old city at a distance of ten miles .
in central asia , the train was known as the ‘ devil 's wagon ’ and the rulers of bukhara [stated] that the line should pass the old city at a distance of ten miles .

In a ballot paper that ran to 39 pages , the bill stipulated some of the toughest environmental regulations yet seen in the industrial world .
in a ballot paper that ran to 39 pages , the bill [stated] some of the toughest environmental regulations yet seen in the industrial world .

For example , the stipulated interest rate that applies , should there be delay in completion , may be too high .
for example , the [stated] interest rate that applies , should there be delay in completion , may be too high .

The chief dangers are that some flaw in the title will be overlooked , or that requisitions on title will not be delivered within the stipulated time ( now six working days after delivery of abstract ) , so that a seller 's conveyancer might plead this breach of the conditions of sale as an excuse for not clearing up a genuine difficulty .
the chief dangers are that some flaw in the title will be overlooked , or that requisitions on title will not be delivered within the [stated] time ( now six working days after delivery of abstract ) , so that a seller 's conveyancer might plead this breach of the conditions of sale as an excuse for not clearing up a genuine difficulty .

As stipulated above , if a property is being sold subject to and with the benefit of existing tenancies , instead of vacant possession of the whole property being given , the buyer will require an authority addressed to each tenant signed either by the seller-landlord or by his or her solicitor notifying the tenant of the sale and authorising the tenant to pay future rent to the buyer ( see Chapter 9 , head 7 ) .
as [stated] above , if a property is being sold subject to and with the benefit of existing tenancies , instead of vacant possession of the whole property being given , the buyer will require an authority addressed to each tenant signed either by the seller-landlord or by his or her solicitor notifying the tenant of the sale and authorising the tenant to pay future rent to the buyer ( see chapter 9 , head 7 ) .

We should take it as settled that drivers are liable only for such damage as has been explicitly stipulated in clear statutes , so that drivers and potential victims can insure and otherwise plan their affairs accordingly .
we should take it as settled that drivers are liable only for such damage as has been explicitly [stated] in clear statutes , so that drivers and potential victims can insure and otherwise plan their affairs accordingly .

What she 'd been doing was missing breakfasts and lunches and dinners in an effort to accommodate Silvia 's erratic time-keeping — and still failing to do the stipulated six hours a day , she thought to herself with a dart of misery .
what she 'd been doing was missing breakfasts and lunches and dinners in an effort to accommodate silvia 's erratic time-keeping — and still failing to do the [stated] six hours a day , she thought to herself with a dart of misery .

But he had stipulated a single girl , and she 'd assumed he would n't want children .
but he had [stated] a single girl , and she 'd assumed he would n't want children .

For most small firms preservation of records beyond periods stipulated by statute will be impossible , but some might argue that this will not really matter because if sufficient quantities of government records survive in electronic form there will be enough data for historians to build a picture of the economic and social history of small business in general .
for most small firms preservation of records beyond periods [stated] by statute will be impossible , but some might argue that this will not really matter because if sufficient quantities of government records survive in electronic form there will be enough data for historians to build a picture of the economic and social history of small business in general .

These two assumptions together imply that , under the stipulated conditions of perfect competition , the capital stock will always be fully utilized irrespective of the extent of unemployment in the labour market .
these two assumptions together imply that , under the [stated] conditions of perfect competition , the capital stock will always be fully utilized irrespective of the extent of unemployment in the labour market .

The choice of reference , whether it is to be to expert or arbitrator , is in any event usually made at the time of the original contract which precedes the time when the parties know whether they have an `` issue to settle `` or a `` formulated dispute `` , and they will be obliged to use whatever procedure was stipulated , unless they make some fresh agreement .
the choice of reference , whether it is to be to expert or arbitrator , is in any event usually made at the time of the original contract which precedes the time when the parties know whether they have an `` issue to settle `` or a `` formulated dispute `` , and they will be obliged to use whatever procedure was [stated] , unless they make some fresh agreement .

There may be an advantage in laying down a procedure where the application is novel , and/or the parties believe that a particular approach is necessary and that if it is not stipulated an expert is likely to follow some other undesired procedure .
there may be an advantage in laying down a procedure where the application is novel , and/or the parties believe that a particular approach is necessary and that if it is not [stated] an expert is likely to follow some other undesired procedure .

Professional qualifications are stipulated much more commonly than academic degrees .
professional qualifications are [stated] much more commonly than academic degrees .

This is of great importance in practice because planning permissions are invariably granted subject to a condition that the permitted development is begun within a stipulated time .
this is of great importance in practice because planning permissions are invariably granted subject to a condition that the permitted development is begun within a [stated] time .

In Spence the deadline stipulated by the purchaser for the sale of the business by a receiver had passed and the receiver ceased trading and dismissed the employees .
in spence the deadline [stated] by the purchaser for the sale of the business by a receiver had passed and the receiver ceased trading and dismissed the employees .

Adequate safety measures stipulated by the Indian government were not in place at the time of the accident , according to the documents , which state that the accident was due to " sheer negligence " .
adequate safety measures [stated] by the indian government were not in place at the time of the accident , according to the documents , which state that the accident was due to " sheer negligence " .

Three agreements stipulated joint union and management discussions to ensure meaningful and satisfying jobs and minimal monitoring .
three agreements [stated] joint union and management discussions to ensure meaningful and satisfying jobs and minimal monitoring .

One agreement stipulated that provision of enhanced responsibility and autonomy with a view to job enrichment `` would not constitute a basis for job upgrading `` .
one agreement [stated] that provision of enhanced responsibility and autonomy with a view to job enrichment `` would not constitute a basis for job upgrading `` .

The ordinance of 26 August 1944 stipulated that the same person could not direct more than one publication .
the ordinance of 26 august 1944 [stated] that the same person could not direct more than one publication .

The Court found on the facts that it did not need to pronounce upon whether the provisions relating to the Gex Zone created a stipulation in favour of a third party , but warned that the existence of such rights should not be lightly assumed : each such claim must be separately examined to determine ‘ whether the States which have stipulated in favour of a third State meant to create for that State an actual right which the latter has accepted as such ’ .
the court found on the facts that it did not need to pronounce upon whether the provisions relating to the gex zone created a stipulation in favour of a third party , but warned that the existence of such rights should not be lightly assumed : each such claim must be separately examined to determine ‘ whether the states which have [stated] in favour of a third state meant to create for that state an actual right which the latter has accepted as such ’ .

The crucial factors for the creation of a third party right , as expressed by the majority of the Court , were the intention of the parties as stipulated in the agreement , and subsequent actions , including those of the third party .
the crucial factors for the creation of a third party right , as expressed by the majority of the court , were the intention of the parties as [stated] in the agreement , and subsequent actions , including those of the third party .

Article 36 ( 2 ) provides that the third party must comply with any conditions , stipulated in the agreement ‘ or established in conformity ’ with it .
article 36 ( 2 ) provides that the third party must comply with any conditions , [stated] in the agreement ‘ or established in conformity ’ with it .

The boys had no fees to pay — for Sir Edmond had stipulated in the will that all scholastic instruction should be free — and they would continue to live at home with their parents .
the boys had no fees to pay — for sir edmond had [stated] in the will that all scholastic instruction should be free — and they would continue to live at home with their parents .

Moreover his duties had become more onerous for he was now teaching — still free of charge as the Founder 's will required — pupils from outside the area of the `` towne of Stopforde [ and ] of other Townes thereabout `` which had originally been stipulated .
moreover his duties had become more onerous for he was now teaching — still free of charge as the founder 's will required — pupils from outside the area of the `` towne of stopforde [ and ] of other townes thereabout `` which had originally been [stated] .

Diem proved a harsh dictator , using American aid to remove opposition , all of which depicted as Communist , and in 1956 he refused to hold the elections stipulated at Geneva .
diem proved a harsh dictator , using american aid to remove opposition , all of which depicted as communist , and in 1956 he refused to hold the elections [stated] at geneva .

‘ We call for explicit guarantees of media and press freedom in the constitutions of all African countries as stipulated in Article 19 of the United Nations ' Declaration on Human Rights , ’ they stressed .
‘ we call for explicit guarantees of media and press freedom in the constitutions of all african countries as [stated] in article 19 of the united nations ' declaration on human rights , ’ they stressed .

It is also stipulated in the agreement that the only works of art that may not be transferred to Bilbao from New York are those that are subject to American legal restrictions , or works that are too fragile to travel .
it is also [stated] in the agreement that the only works of art that may not be transferred to bilbao from new york are those that are subject to american legal restrictions , or works that are too fragile to travel .

The first great series of races , and forerunner to Grands Prix , was the Gordon Bennett series , introduced in 1900 and it was a real test of a manufacturer 's skills , as the rules stipulated that all parts of each competing car had to be manufactured in its country of origin .
the first great series of races , and forerunner to grands prix , was the gordon bennett series , introduced in 1900 and it was a real test of a manufacturer 's skills , as the rules [stated] that all parts of each competing car had to be manufactured in its country of origin .

Since her father had not stipulated the exact time when they were to ride , Artemis was dressed and in the stables at first light lest she miss her treat by being late .
since her father had not [stated] the exact time when they were to ride , artemis was dressed and in the stables at first light lest she miss her treat by being late .

Its long-term effect however was to provoke Edinburgh employers into various devices to evade the high piece-work rates stipulated by the Interlocutor .
its long-term effect however was to provoke edinburgh employers into various devices to evade the high piece-work rates [stated] by the interlocutor .

Counties ranged in population from about 2 million ( Lancashire ) to less that 30,000 ( Rutland ) ; county boroughs ranged from over 1 million ( Birmingham ) to 33,000 ( Canterbury ) — less than the minimum population stipulated in 1888 .
counties ranged in population from about 2 million ( lancashire ) to less that 30,000 ( rutland ) ; county boroughs ranged from over 1 million ( birmingham ) to 33,000 ( canterbury ) — less than the minimum population [stated] in 1888 .

You do n't have to be witty or attractive or intelligent , you just have to be there with people for the time you 've stipulated .
you do n't have to be witty or attractive or intelligent , you just have to be there with people for the time you 've [stated] .

In many ancient cultures , indeed , the king was ritually sacrificed after a stipulated period of time .
in many ancient cultures , indeed , the king was ritually sacrificed after a [stated] period of time .

With regard to points three and four above , the prosecution has the choice of proving that the tippee either knew or had reasonable cause to believe the stipulated circumstances .
with regard to points three and four above , the prosecution has the choice of proving that the tippee either knew or had reasonable cause to believe the [stated] circumstances .

It is interesting to note , that while the connected individual may , once the stipulated six month period has expired , deal in the relevant shares ( notwithstanding the fact that the information still retains its unpublished price sensitive character ) , the tippee is prevented from dealing in those shares on the basis of the same information until the proscribed information has lost its unpublished price sensitive quality .
it is interesting to note , that while the connected individual may , once the [stated] six month period has expired , deal in the relevant shares ( notwithstanding the fact that the information still retains its unpublished price sensitive character ) , the tippee is prevented from dealing in those shares on the basis of the same information until the proscribed information has lost its unpublished price sensitive quality .

The articles of agreement stipulated that gold was the official numeraire in terms of which each currency 's exchange value was to be pegged , but it became common practice for countries to adopt a par value for their currencies expressed in terms of the dollar .
the articles of agreement [stated] that gold was the official numeraire in terms of which each currency 's exchange value was to be pegged , but it became common practice for countries to adopt a par value for their currencies expressed in terms of the dollar .

The invitation stipulated that warm clothing and trainers should be brought along , meet at the Holiday Inn in Portsmouth and be prepared for some fun .
the invitation [stated] that warm clothing and trainers should be brought along , meet at the holiday inn in portsmouth and be prepared for some fun .

Disclosure requirements are stipulated for both mergers and major acquisitions to enable users of financial statements to understand the full impact of the new group .
disclosure requirements are [stated] for both mergers and major acquisitions to enable users of financial statements to understand the full impact of the new group .

Beyond satisfying those requirements no specific grouping of subjects is stipulated .
beyond satisfying those requirements no specific grouping of subjects is [stated] .

The large Fiat saloon parked in the piazza looked ridiculous with a yellow child 's cot strapped to the roof , but this had seemingly been stipulated by the gang to make it easier for them to identify the car .
the large fiat saloon parked in the piazza looked ridiculous with a yellow child 's cot strapped to the roof , but this had seemingly been [stated] by the gang to make it easier for them to identify the car .

Such criteria mean that space has to be planned carefully and , in this particular garden , a low budget was also stipulated .
such criteria mean that space has to be planned carefully and , in this particular garden , a low budget was also [stated] .

This move was necessitated by the country 's Constitution — which stipulated that the current agreement should be allowed to expire in 1991 — and Manglapus did not rule out the possibility of negotiating a new bases treaty .
this move was necessitated by the country 's constitution — which [stated] that the current agreement should be allowed to expire in 1991 — and manglapus did not rule out the possibility of negotiating a new bases treaty .

The package adhered to Bush 's election campaign pledge not to raise taxes , whilst also ensuring that , in theory , the budget deficit did not exceed $ 64,000 million , the legal requirement stipulated by the Gramm-Rudman-Hollings deficit reduction law .
the package adhered to bush 's election campaign pledge not to raise taxes , whilst also ensuring that , in theory , the budget deficit did not exceed $ 64,000 million , the legal requirement [stated] by the gramm-rudman-hollings deficit reduction law .

Both leaders agreed to submit their dispute over sovereignty over the 1,000-km Aouzou territorial strip , seized by Libya in 1973 , to the adjudication of the International Court of Justice at The Hague , as stipulated in the `` Algiers Accord `` signed by both sides in August 1989 [ see p. 36841 ] .
both leaders agreed to submit their dispute over sovereignty over the 1,000-km aouzou territorial strip , seized by libya in 1973 , to the adjudication of the international court of justice at the hague , as [stated] in the `` algiers accord `` signed by both sides in august 1989 [ see p. 36841 ] .

The memorandum of agreement stipulated that neither side should interfere in the other 's internal affairs .
the memorandum of agreement [stated] that neither side should interfere in the other 's internal affairs .

In contrast to existing laws on co-operatives , the resolution stipulated that a licence application to set up a business must be answered by the local council within 14 days , and could be refused only if the proposed business activity contravened regulations ( sectors closed to small businesses included sale or production of medicines , weapons , precious metals and stones , and pornography ) .
in contrast to existing laws on co-operatives , the resolution [stated] that a licence application to set up a business must be answered by the local council within 14 days , and could be refused only if the proposed business activity contravened regulations ( sectors closed to small businesses included sale or production of medicines , weapons , precious metals and stones , and pornography ) .

Since the Philippines Constitution stipulated that the current agreement must expire in 1991 , any further agreement would require a new treaty , which would need the approval of a two-thirds majority in the Senate .
since the philippines constitution [stated] that the current agreement must expire in 1991 , any further agreement would require a new treaty , which would need the approval of a two-thirds majority in the senate .

Targeting the crumbling internal trade and distribution networks , Gorbachev ordered enterprises to fulfil contracts under penalty of strict fines , and stipulated a `` special work regime `` for the railways .
targeting the crumbling internal trade and distribution networks , gorbachev ordered enterprises to fulfil contracts under penalty of strict fines , and [stated] a `` special work regime `` for the railways .

Another Israeli stipulated that in the event of a defeat in a vote of confidence , the existing Cabinet was automatically transformed into an interim government , with all ministers retaining their portfolios .
another israeli [stated] that in the event of a defeat in a vote of confidence , the existing cabinet was automatically transformed into an interim government , with all ministers retaining their portfolios .

To combat this the regulations stipulated that compensation would be paid in full to landowners , including any lost profit , should their land be taken away from them .
to combat this the regulations [stated] that compensation would be paid in full to landowners , including any lost profit , should their land be taken away from them .

On Nov. 17 a code of conduct for students was issued which stipulated that students should `` love the socialist motherland `` , support the leadership of the party and the socialist system , study Marxism diligently , and have a `` firm and correct `` political understanding .
on nov. 17 a code of conduct for students was issued which [stated] that students should `` love the socialist motherland `` , support the leadership of the party and the socialist system , study marxism diligently , and have a `` firm and correct `` political understanding .

We undertake to reimburse you upon your first written demand any sum or sums not exceeding a maximum aggregate amount of £ [ ] should [ client name ] fail to make available to you this sum within the stipulated date required by yourselves , but no later than [ date ] .
we undertake to reimburse you upon your first written demand any sum or sums not exceeding a maximum aggregate amount of £ [ ] should [ client name ] fail to make available to you this sum within the [stated] date required by yourselves , but no later than [ date ] .

It was argued that since any payment above the standard rent would be illegal and indeed a criminal offence under section 17 of that Act , the lease itself was unlawful and accordingly the agreement for commission fixed upon the amount of the rent stipulated in it was also illegal and irrecoverable .
it was argued that since any payment above the standard rent would be illegal and indeed a criminal offence under section 17 of that act , the lease itself was unlawful and accordingly the agreement for commission fixed upon the amount of the rent [stated] in it was also illegal and irrecoverable .

Second , as noted above , the various high officers of the learned profession were entitled at intervals to invest a stipulated number of students , whether their own or those of others , with the right to become enrolled as .
second , as noted above , the various high officers of the learned profession were entitled at intervals to invest a [stated] number of students , whether their own or those of others , with the right to become enrolled as .

Finally , Ebussu'ud Efendi also stipulated the number of students to whom each entitled office-holder in the learned profession might grant and though the numbers which he fixed are not reported , figures have been given above which comprise a partial list for the of 959 and 963 , while Ata ' i gives another partial list for the of 973 , in which the kazaskers were each permitted to invest ten students as `` the kadis of the three cities ' i.e .
finally , ebussu'ud efendi also [stated] the number of students to whom each entitled office-holder in the learned profession might grant and though the numbers which he fixed are not reported , figures have been given above which comprise a partial list for the of 959 and 963 , while ata ' i gives another partial list for the of 973 , in which the kazaskers were each permitted to invest ten students as `` the kadis of the three cities ' i.e .

We have already seen ( paragraph 7–05 ) that the time of delivery is normally ‘ of the essence , ’ i.e. if a delivery date is stipulated and the seller can not make delivery by that date , that is a breach of condition and the buyer is entitled to repudiate the contract and sue for non-delivery .
we have already seen ( paragraph 7–05 ) that the time of delivery is normally ‘ of the essence , ’ i.e. if a delivery date is [stated] and the seller can not make delivery by that date , that is a breach of condition and the buyer is entitled to repudiate the contract and sue for non-delivery .

When no time is stipulated and it is for the buyer to collect , the seller must be ready to hand over the goods ( against payment ) to the buyer on demand ( provided made at a reasonable hour , section 29 ( 5 ) ) at any time after the making of the contract .
when no time is [stated] and it is for the buyer to collect , the seller must be ready to hand over the goods ( against payment ) to the buyer on demand ( provided made at a reasonable hour , section 29 ( 5 ) ) at any time after the making of the contract .

In relation to the second requirement , if a particular date has been stipulated for payment then an action can he maintained after that date irrespective of whether property has passed to the buyer .
in relation to the second requirement , if a particular date has been [stated] for payment then an action can he maintained after that date irrespective of whether property has passed to the buyer .

If it binds the parties , the stipulated amount is the amount payable and that is the case , whether the loss actually caused is greater or smaller .
if it binds the parties , the [stated] amount is the amount payable and that is the case , whether the loss actually caused is greater or smaller .

The court must find out whether the payment stipulated is in truth a penalty or liquidated damages … It will lie held to be a penalty if the sum stipulated for is extravagant and unconscionable in amount in comparison with the greatest loss that could conceivably be proved to have followed from the breach … There is a presumption ( but no more ) that it is a penalty when ‘ a single lump is made payable by way of compensation , on the occurrence of one or more or all of several events , some of which may occasion serious and others but trifling damage … ’ On the other hand : it is no obstacle to the sum stipulated being a genuine pre-estimate of damage , that the consequences of the breach are such as to make precise pre-estimation almost an impossibility .
the court must find out whether the payment [stated] is in truth a penalty or liquidated damages … it will lie held to be a penalty if the sum [stated] for is extravagant and unconscionable in amount in comparison with the greatest loss that could conceivably be proved to have followed from the breach … there is a presumption ( but no more ) that it is a penalty when ‘ a single lump is made payable by way of compensation , on the occurrence of one or more or all of several events , some of which may occasion serious and others but trifling damage … ’ on the other hand : it is no obstacle to the sum [stated] being a genuine pre-estimate of damage , that the consequences of the breach are such as to make precise pre-estimation almost an impossibility .

In the past , the club always stipulated that no one born outside the county could play for Yorkshire .
in the past , the club always [stated] that no one born outside the county could play for yorkshire .

‘ As you know , ’ he said uncertainly , ‘ the not-fully-late Lord of the Wyrmberg , Greicha the First , has stipulated that there will be no succession until one of his children feels himself — or as .
‘ as you know , ’ he said uncertainly , ‘ the not-fully-late lord of the wyrmberg , greicha the first , has [stated] that there will be no succession until one of his children feels himself — or as .

Yes , it does — if one does not pay within the stipulated time .
yes , it does — if one does not pay within the [stated] time .

For example , a clue may be obtained from the time that the parties have stipulated for delivery and/or payment .
for example , a clue may be obtained from the time that the parties have [stated] for delivery and/or payment .

He will have done such an act if he does something which substantially impedes his ability to return the goods by the end of the period ( whether that be a stipulated period or a reasonable length of time ) .
he will have done such an act if he does something which substantially impedes his ability to return the goods by the end of the period ( whether that be a [stated] period or a reasonable length of time ) .

It did n't take her long to dress , freshen her make-up and add touches of silver jewellery on ears , neck and wrists , and it was quite a bit less than Tom 's stipulated twenty minutes later when she approached the veranda again .
it did n't take her long to dress , freshen her make-up and add touches of silver jewellery on ears , neck and wrists , and it was quite a bit less than tom 's [stated] twenty minutes later when she approached the veranda again .

This Act prohibited sex discrimination in admission to schools , appointment of teachers ( with exceptions for single-sex schools ) and careers advice , and stipulated that neither girls nor boys should be refused access to ‘ any courses , facilities or other benefits provided ’ solely on the grounds of their sex .
this act prohibited sex discrimination in admission to schools , appointment of teachers ( with exceptions for single-sex schools ) and careers advice , and [stated] that neither girls nor boys should be refused access to ‘ any courses , facilities or other benefits provided ’ solely on the grounds of their sex .

Preliminary details of the new law stipulated that any political party was required to have at least 50 founding members and to give an undertaking to work within the Constitution to qualify for registration .
preliminary details of the new law [stated] that any political party was required to have at least 50 founding members and to give an undertaking to work within the constitution to qualify for registration .

The legislation stipulated that a winning presidential candidate would have to receive not only a majority of votes nationwide , but also a minimum of 25 per cent of votes in at least five of the country 's eight provinces .
the legislation [stated] that a winning presidential candidate would have to receive not only a majority of votes nationwide , but also a minimum of 25 per cent of votes in at least five of the country 's eight provinces .

The statute imposed on a woman seeking an abortion a 24-hour waiting period after she had received the information stipulated by the law .
the statute imposed on a woman seeking an abortion a 24-hour waiting period after she had received the information [stated] by the law .

The pardon stipulated that Aoun , Jamrah and Ma'luf should live abroad for at least five years and would lose their immunity if they engaged in political activity during that period .
the pardon [stated] that aoun , jamrah and ma'luf should live abroad for at least five years and would lose their immunity if they engaged in political activity during that period .

Resolution 678 stipulated a deadline for Iraq 's withdrawal from Kuwait as `` on or before Jan. 15 , 1991 `` .
resolution 678 [stated] a deadline for iraq 's withdrawal from kuwait as `` on or before jan. 15 , 1991 `` .

The Tribunal 's ruling stipulated , however , that the funds could be returned to the Philippines only after a Philippines court had issued a " legally binding verdict " on whether the assets were to be confiscated or given back to their claimants .
the tribunal 's ruling [stated] , however , that the funds could be returned to the philippines only after a philippines court had issued a " legally binding verdict " on whether the assets were to be confiscated or given back to their claimants .

Drawn up by the constitution commission under Kazakh President Nursultan Nazarbayev , the draft constitution called for the President to head the government and stipulated a smaller parliament with full-time members .
drawn up by the constitution commission under kazakh president nursultan nazarbayev , the draft constitution called for the president to head the government and [stated] a smaller parliament with full-time members .

It was silent with regard to Soviet Moldavia ( which largely consisted of the former Romanian provinces of Bessarabia and North Bukovina annexed by the Soviet Union in 1940 ) , but stipulated respect for existing borders [ see also p. 38306 ] .
it was silent with regard to soviet moldavia ( which largely consisted of the former romanian provinces of bessarabia and north bukovina annexed by the soviet union in 1940 ) , but [stated] respect for existing borders [ see also p. 38306 ] .

An associated bill , which stipulated a mandatory 24-hour waiting period for women seeking abortions , was signed by Sinner on April 1 .
an associated bill , which [stated] a mandatory 24-hour waiting period for women seeking abortions , was signed by sinner on april 1 .

The first session of the newly-constituted State Little Hural , or standing parliament [ see p. 37713 ] , ended on Oct. 5 with the confirmation of a 15-member Cabinet as stipulated in the Law on the Structure and Composition of the Mongolian Government [ ibid . ]
the first session of the newly-constituted state little hural , or standing parliament [ see p. 37713 ] , ended on oct. 5 with the confirmation of a 15-member cabinet as [stated] in the law on the structure and composition of the mongolian government [ ibid . ]

The new President , the Premier , the two Deputy Premiers and the Defence Minister all held seats in the People 's Great Hural which they were required to give up , as it was stipulated that Cabinet post-holders could not concurrently serve as deputies to the assembly .
the new president , the premier , the two deputy premiers and the defence minister all held seats in the people 's great hural which they were required to give up , as it was [stated] that cabinet post-holders could not concurrently serve as deputies to the assembly .

Fourth , it stipulated that once Saddam Hussein had been overthrown `` direct and free `` elections would be held to a constituent council , which would in turn draw up a new constitution .
fourth , it [stated] that once saddam hussein had been overthrown `` direct and free `` elections would be held to a constituent council , which would in turn draw up a new constitution .

The law introduced on Oct. 7 had stipulated that any candidate for the presidency had to be supported by 50 mayors and 400 town councillors .
the law introduced on oct. 7 had [stated] that any candidate for the presidency had to be supported by 50 mayors and 400 town councillors .

The new sanctions ( i ) barred from all ports in the hemisphere ships delivering oil and other commercial cargoes to Haiti ; ( ii ) stipulated that commercial air flights could not transport goods ; and ( iii ) ended the issuing of travel visas , withdrawing those which were still outstanding .
the new sanctions ( i ) barred from all ports in the hemisphere ships delivering oil and other commercial cargoes to haiti ; ( ii ) [stated] that commercial air flights could not transport goods ; and ( iii ) ended the issuing of travel visas , withdrawing those which were still outstanding .

The two sides agreed to evolve a `` comprehensive and permanent plan `` for the sharing of water resources ; discussions on the issue would take place within a `` stipulated time-frame `` .
the two sides agreed to evolve a `` comprehensive and permanent plan `` for the sharing of water resources ; discussions on the issue would take place within a `` [stated] time-frame `` .

On May 4 , India and Russia signed a five-year agreement on trade and economic co-operation which stipulated that payments were to be in freely convertible currencies , and agreed to find `` mutually advantageous `` solutions to outstanding problems including Russia 's supply of rocket technology and defence spares .
on may 4 , india and russia signed a five-year agreement on trade and economic co-operation which [stated] that payments were to be in freely convertible currencies , and agreed to find `` mutually advantageous `` solutions to outstanding problems including russia 's supply of rocket technology and defence spares .

Adopted by 237 votes to 24 , the amendment to the Constitution , known as the power-sharing law , stipulated that the federal government would retain competence over foreign policy , defence and economic and fiscal strategy , while broad economic powers would be handed over to the two republics .
adopted by 237 votes to 24 , the amendment to the constitution , known as the power-sharing law , [stated] that the federal government would retain competence over foreign policy , defence and economic and fiscal strategy , while broad economic powers would be handed over to the two republics .

The Constitution stipulated that a general election must be held within 120 days , i.e .
the constitution [stated] that a general election must be held within 120 days , i.e .

The state of emergency , in force for 27 years , was allowed to expire at midnight on Nov. 8 , in accordance with the Constitution adopted on Aug. 2 [ see p. 38378 ] which stipulated that any such martial law in force should cease seven days after the inauguration of a new presidency .
the state of emergency , in force for 27 years , was allowed to expire at midnight on nov. 8 , in accordance with the constitution adopted on aug. 2 [ see p. 38378 ] which [stated] that any such martial law in force should cease seven days after the inauguration of a new presidency .

According to Le Monde of Nov. 22 the number of asylum seekers ( who came especially from eastern Europe ) had risen to 1,700 per month , and a new law to speed the processing of asylum applications stipulated that these should be processed within two months , after which an applicant recognized as a refugee could take up provisional residence while waiting for a definitive decision .
according to le monde of nov. 22 the number of asylum seekers ( who came especially from eastern europe ) had risen to 1,700 per month , and a new law to speed the processing of asylum applications [stated] that these should be processed within two months , after which an applicant recognized as a refugee could take up provisional residence while waiting for a definitive decision .

Major was thus two votes short of a straight overall majority of those entitled to vote , which the election rules stipulated as the requirement for the election of a candidate on the second ballot .
major was thus two votes short of a straight overall majority of those entitled to vote , which the election rules [stated] as the requirement for the election of a candidate on the second ballot .

This point was underlined in the Imperial address , in which Akihito vowed to observe the Constitution and to serve as the `` symbol of the state and the unity of the people `` as stipulated by the Constitution .
this point was underlined in the imperial address , in which akihito vowed to observe the constitution and to serve as the `` symbol of the state and the unity of the people `` as [stated] by the constitution .

In a statement issued on March 28 the Mongolian Foreign Ministry announced that it expected Russia to abide by a March 1990 Soviet-Mongolian agreement which stipulated that all Soviet troops would withdraw from Mongolia by Aug. 30 , 1992 [ see p. 37318 ] .
in a statement issued on march 28 the mongolian foreign ministry announced that it expected russia to abide by a march 1990 soviet-mongolian agreement which [stated] that all soviet troops would withdraw from mongolia by aug. 30 , 1992 [ see p. 37318 ] .

The budget was also criticized by Lu Ping , the head of China 's Hong Kong and Macao Affairs Office , who claimed that it was in contravention of Hong Kong 's post-1997 Basic Law , which stipulated that government spending should be kept within the limits of the revenue it raised .
the budget was also criticized by lu ping , the head of china 's hong kong and macao affairs office , who claimed that it was in contravention of hong kong 's post-1997 basic law , which [stated] that government spending should be kept within the limits of the revenue it raised .

Despite the rising tension over the nuclear issue the new avenues of contact stipulated by the December 1990 Agreement on Reconciliation , Non-aggression , Exchange and Co-operation went ahead as scheduled .
despite the rising tension over the nuclear issue the new avenues of contact [stated] by the december 1990 agreement on reconciliation , non-aggression , exchange and co-operation went ahead as scheduled .

The agreement endorsed the principle of `` self-sufficiency `` , which stipulated that waste should be treated or disposed of as close as possible to the point of production , although it provided for some flexibility in the case of smaller countries .
the agreement endorsed the principle of `` self-sufficiency `` , which [stated] that waste should be treated or disposed of as close as possible to the point of production , although it provided for some flexibility in the case of smaller countries .

It stipulated that neutrality should be guaranteed by banning them from accepting party political positions or speaking publicly on behalf of political parties .
it [stated] that neutrality should be guaranteed by banning them from accepting party political positions or speaking publicly on behalf of political parties .

The secondary school regulations drawn up in 1904 stipulated that `` not less than 4½ hours per week must be allotted to English , Geography and History `` .
the secondary school regulations drawn up in 1904 [stated] that `` not less than 4½ hours per week must be allotted to english , geography and history `` .

By contrast the second of the appeals concerned a young couple who had signed separate , but identical , agreements with respect to a flat which stipulated that they were not to have exclusive possession .
by contrast the second of the appeals concerned a young couple who had signed separate , but identical , agreements with respect to a flat which [stated] that they were not to have exclusive possession .

It was held that when time for delivery is of the essence of a contract for the sale of goods ( that is , a condition ) and after the stipulated time has elapsed the buyer waives his right to cancel by pressing for delivery , converting the term into a warranty , he may later give notice setting a reasonable deadline , once again making the time for delivery a condition of the contract .
it was held that when time for delivery is of the essence of a contract for the sale of goods ( that is , a condition ) and after the [stated] time has elapsed the buyer waives his right to cancel by pressing for delivery , converting the term into a warranty , he may later give notice setting a reasonable deadline , once again making the time for delivery a condition of the contract .

Almost certainly becoming part of the structure of the Bristol Brass & Copper Company ( 1705 ) the lease was for Tilberthwaite together with all the engines and instruments and " … all of the dressings or huddles of oar … " paying a duty on the ore of 14s. per " Tunn " and for lead 10s. a " Tunn " . It was stipulated that there was to be 23 hundred pounds to the " Tunn " and five score and twelve pounds to the hundred … " the bank to be made clear of ore Twice every year at least a week before ye 29th Sept and ye 1st day of May … "
almost certainly becoming part of the structure of the bristol brass & copper company ( 1705 ) the lease was for tilberthwaite together with all the engines and instruments and " … all of the dressings or huddles of oar … " paying a duty on the ore of 14s. per " tunn " and for lead 10s. a " tunn " . it was [stated] that there was to be 23 hundred pounds to the " tunn " and five score and twelve pounds to the hundred … " the bank to be made clear of ore twice every year at least a week before ye 29th sept and ye 1st day of may … "

And it was entirely likely she 'd produce documented evidence that Crevecoeur had signed a contract with her , effectively handing over hir body for however long the contract stipulated .
and it was entirely likely she 'd produce documented evidence that crevecoeur had signed a contract with her , effectively handing over hir body for however long the contract [stated] .

She had stipulated — a stipulation which was upheld — that part of her fortune was to be spent teaching the people of Ireland ‘ self-control , elocution , oratory and deportment ’ .
she had [stated] — a stipulation which was upheld — that part of her fortune was to be spent teaching the people of ireland ‘ self-control , elocution , oratory and deportment ’ .

Common Law would treat a provision in a contract as to time as being ‘ of the essence of the contract ’ , meaning that if a certain act was not done by one party within a certain stipulated time , he should lose all rights under the contract ; Equity treated such a provision in general as not being of the essence of the contract , but as giving a right only to damages .
common law would treat a provision in a contract as to time as being ‘ of the essence of the contract ’ , meaning that if a certain act was not done by one party within a certain [stated] time , he should lose all rights under the contract ; equity treated such a provision in general as not being of the essence of the contract , but as giving a right only to damages .

’ The deal stipulated that Kurdish , along with Arabic , should be a national language .
’ the deal [stated] that kurdish , along with arabic , should be a national language .

The judges stipulated that the boat 's 12 batteries — which deliver 140 volts to electric motors ‘ powerful enough to start a Harrier jump jet ’ — had to be recharged within 20 minutes of the first run .
the judges [stated] that the boat 's 12 batteries — which deliver 140 volts to electric motors ‘ powerful enough to start a harrier jump jet ’ — had to be recharged within 20 minutes of the first run .

He might just as well have stipulated long white trousers .
he might just as well have [stated] long white trousers .

David Stirling stipulated the ‘ discipline , cleanliness , turnout and behaviour ’ must be as high as in the Brigade of Guards .
david stirling [stated] the ‘ discipline , cleanliness , turnout and behaviour ’ must be as high as in the brigade of guards .

The existing constitution stipulated that in the event of the president 's death , the vice-president must act in place of the president for the ninety days which would elapse before an election could be held .
the existing constitution [stated] that in the event of the president 's death , the vice-president must act in place of the president for the ninety days which would elapse before an election could be held .

To the modern reader the stipulated dress codes for different classes and persons of different prestige and status seem bizarre and impossibly complicated ( see for instance those reprinted in Jardine , Still Harping , 143 — 4 ) .
to the modern reader the [stated] dress codes for different classes and persons of different prestige and status seem bizarre and impossibly complicated ( see for instance those reprinted in jardine , still harping , 143 — 4 ) .

Now they have been told to restore normal services ‘ without delay ’ , but no deadline is stipulated .
now they have been told to restore normal services ‘ without delay ’ , but no deadline is [stated] .

Baxter stipulated certain conditions to their marriage .
baxter [stated] certain conditions to their marriage .

These stipulated that any person operating in British waters must not only be resident in Britain but should also be a British citizen and that the ship should be British-owned .
these [stated] that any person operating in british waters must not only be resident in britain but should also be a british citizen and that the ship should be british-owned .

The Act stipulated that ‘ unclaimed ’ corpses should in future be used .
the act [stated] that ‘ unclaimed ’ corpses should in future be used .

Certainly , already by the thirteenth century the building of a separate cottage for a widow was as often stipulated in wills as the provision of houseroom .
certainly , already by the thirteenth century the building of a separate cottage for a widow was as often [stated] in wills as the provision of houseroom .

The Italian interior minister had already stipulated that this was the only way he could guarantee the security of the World Cup .
the italian interior minister had already [stated] that this was the only way he could guarantee the security of the world cup .

The Italian interior minister had already stipulated that this was the only way he could guarantee the security of the World Cup .
the italian interior minister had already [stated] that this was the only way he could guarantee the security of the world cup .

The law in 1800 made no provision for any other sentence but death , there was no appeal procedure , and the law stipulated that the prisoner should be executed within 48 hours of being found guilty ; John Hutt 's termination was scheduled for 6 March .
the law in 1800 made no provision for any other sentence but death , there was no appeal procedure , and the law [stated] that the prisoner should be executed within 48 hours of being found guilty ; john hutt 's termination was scheduled for 6 march .

In that unhappy mood he went to Paris to meet the designer Balanchine had stipulated , Dorothea Tanning , who followed the surrealist manner she had previously applied to one of Balanchine 's own ballets , Night Shadow .
in that unhappy mood he went to paris to meet the designer balanchine had [stated] , dorothea tanning , who followed the surrealist manner she had previously applied to one of balanchine 's own ballets , night shadow .

In the winter of 1984–5 the Government announced a cut in the annual grant for land drainage from £60 million to a projected average of £30 million , and stipulated that the emphasis should now be on urban flood protection , rather than improvement for agriculture .
in the winter of 1984–5 the government announced a cut in the annual grant for land drainage from £60 million to a projected average of £30 million , and [stated] that the emphasis should now be on urban flood protection , rather than improvement for agriculture .

Can we be sure that doctors will not continue to force treatment on a patient who has said ‘ Enough ’ , yet not cease treatment or hasten death too soon ? No doubt the good doctor will always do the right thing , but can what the right thing is be stipulated in advance or written down ? The doctor has to make choices , and choices should involve principles . Here we meet a central theme : ca n't we demand that the doctor set out the principles on which he acts for all to see ? Is it enough for society in general or the patient in particular to leave decisions over life and death to the doctor ? What for example , do we do if we , as relatives or patients , meet the rare case when a doctor is not a good doctor ? Should society ask for guidelines ? And if so , can satisfactory guidelines or rules , whether in the form of ethics or law , ever be worked out ?
can we be sure that doctors will not continue to force treatment on a patient who has said ‘ enough ’ , yet not cease treatment or hasten death too soon ? no doubt the good doctor will always do the right thing , but can what the right thing is be [stated] in advance or written down ? the doctor has to make choices , and choices should involve principles . here we meet a central theme : ca n't we demand that the doctor set out the principles on which he acts for all to see ? is it enough for society in general or the patient in particular to leave decisions over life and death to the doctor ? what for example , do we do if we , as relatives or patients , meet the rare case when a doctor is not a good doctor ? should society ask for guidelines ? and if so , can satisfactory guidelines or rules , whether in the form of ethics or law , ever be worked out ?

The advert for the new editors which subsequently appeared in the Guardian stipulated that the applicants for both jobs ‘ should have a tremendous enthusiasm for and encyclopedic knowledge of the metal/rock scene . ’
the advert for the new editors which subsequently appeared in the guardian [stated] that the applicants for both jobs ‘ should have a tremendous enthusiasm for and encyclopedic knowledge of the metal/rock scene . ’

Using these criteria ( as well as that which stipulated that they should not be paid carers ) we felt we would achieve a more homogeneous sample than if we had included people less closely involved , and one which would be confined to those with a significant input into the care of the dementia sufferer .
using these criteria ( as well as that which [stated] that they should not be paid carers ) we felt we would achieve a more homogeneous sample than if we had included people less closely involved , and one which would be confined to those with a significant input into the care of the dementia sufferer .

When it came to structuring the District Health Authorities in the form which existed until 1990 , the Department of Health stipulated that ‘ it is important to make appointments only where it is likely that prospective members will have the health and vigour to make an effective contribution throughout their term of office .
when it came to structuring the district health authorities in the form which existed until 1990 , the department of health [stated] that ‘ it is important to make appointments only where it is likely that prospective members will have the health and vigour to make an effective contribution throughout their term of office .

He was the first artist to insist upon royalty payments , and his contract stipulated that the records should be retailed at £1.00 each .
he was the first artist to insist upon royalty payments , and his contract [stated] that the records should be retailed at £1.00 each .

If the revised bid is unattractive , it may not be accepted , and since the minimum number of shares stipulated in the offer document will not be acquired , the takeover will not proceed .
if the revised bid is unattractive , it may not be accepted , and since the minimum number of shares [stated] in the offer document will not be acquired , the takeover will not proceed .

In that event , the ambassadors stipulated that Famagusta would be governed henceforth by James of Lusignan and his Christian lieutenants , and not by Mamelukes , Moors or other infidels , who were to have no authority over Famagustans .
in that event , the ambassadors [stated] that famagusta would be governed henceforth by james of lusignan and his christian lieutenants , and not by mamelukes , moors or other infidels , who were to have no authority over famagustans .

The differences between private and public companies are significant , and go beyond just the size and name requirements stipulated by the legislation .
the differences between private and public companies are significant , and go beyond just the size and name requirements [stated] by the legislation .

Edward Topsel , the English naturalist , writing in 1658 stipulated that , to cure blindness , or pains in the eye : ‘ Take the head of a black Cat , which hath not a spot of another colour in it , and burn it to powder in an earthen pot leaded or glazed within , then take this powder and through a quill blow it thrice a day into the eye ’ — the italics were not used in the original , but are to draw attention to the crucial quality of the black cat who is about to lose his head .
edward topsel , the english naturalist , writing in 1658 [stated] that , to cure blindness , or pains in the eye : ‘ take the head of a black cat , which hath not a spot of another colour in it , and burn it to powder in an earthen pot leaded or glazed within , then take this powder and through a quill blow it thrice a day into the eye ’ — the italics were not used in the original , but are to draw attention to the crucial quality of the black cat who is about to lose his head .

The role of the Task Force , as specified by the Prime Minister 's Office , was essentially a strategic vision : broad issues were to be raised ; the direction of any additional expenditure was to be stipulated ; and longer-term policies were to be highlighted .
the role of the task force , as specified by the prime minister 's office , was essentially a strategic vision : broad issues were to be raised ; the direction of any additional expenditure was to be [stated] ; and longer-term policies were to be highlighted .

Habershon 's scheme was only eleventh on Angell and Pownall 's and it did not appear at all on Burn s , g while Rochead and Dwyer 's schemes were both rejected by Angell and Pownall for slightly exceeding the stipulated site .
habershon 's scheme was only eleventh on angell and pownall 's and it did not appear at all on burn s , g while rochead and dwyer 's schemes were both rejected by angell and pownall for slightly exceeding the [stated] site .

The constitutional text of 1787 had stipulated a right of slave owners to recover slaves who had escaped into free territory.42 On that basis , Congress enacted the Fugitive Slave Law of 1793 , which in a manner similar to the Civil Rights Act under attack had imposed a federal penalty on those who refused to cooperate in the return of runaway slaves.43 If Congress could elaborate on a constitutional clause securing slavery , surely they enjoyed an analogous power , reasoned Justice Harlan , under an express grant of legislative authority in the Reconstruction Amendments to eliminate slavery and secure equal protection of the laws .
the constitutional text of 1787 had [stated] a right of slave owners to recover slaves who had escaped into free territory.42 on that basis , congress enacted the fugitive slave law of 1793 , which in a manner similar to the civil rights act under attack had imposed a federal penalty on those who refused to cooperate in the return of runaway slaves.43 if congress could elaborate on a constitutional clause securing slavery , surely they enjoyed an analogous power , reasoned justice harlan , under an express grant of legislative authority in the reconstruction amendments to eliminate slavery and secure equal protection of the laws .

Two sides of an equation are stipulated as equal , but this may not be apparent to the untrained eye .
two sides of an equation are [stated] as equal , but this may not be apparent to the untrained eye .

In his original covenant , Marshall stipulated that money would be available for the priory only if a part of the church were opened to the people of the surrounding countryside for worship .
in his original covenant , marshall [stated] that money would be available for the priory only if a part of the church were opened to the people of the surrounding countryside for worship .

Tourists from overseas can get a refund on the IVA they ’ ve paid on purchases over a stipulated amount .
tourists from overseas can get a refund on the iva they ’ ve paid on purchases over a [stated] amount .

Erlenborn said that Congress had stipulated that LSC-funded programs are forbidden from filing or litigating class-action lawsuits , engaging in lobbying , litigating on behalf of prisoners , or representing most undocumented immigrants .
erlenborn said that congress had [stated] that lsc-funded programs are forbidden from filing or litigating class-action lawsuits , engaging in lobbying , litigating on behalf of prisoners , or representing most undocumented immigrants .

These are noble goals , and the fact that they are stipulated jointly by many of the leaders in the field will generate excitement and expectations , even though much of what is said has been said before .
these are noble goals , and the fact that they are [stated] jointly by many of the leaders in the field will generate excitement and expectations , even though much of what is said has been said before .

Already , Republican senators have stipulated that the House has scarred Clinton , that the Senate will never muster the 67 votes to convict him , and that a censure deal should be worked out instead .
already , republican senators have [stated] that the house has scarred clinton , that the senate will never muster the 67 votes to convict him , and that a censure deal should be worked out instead .

Indeed , Ruff stipulated that senators were free `` to find his personal conduct distasteful . ''
indeed , ruff [stated] that senators were free `` to find his personal conduct distasteful . ''

She stipulated that she was n't proposing anything like her dominant role in the 1993-'94 health-care debate .
she [stated] that she was n't proposing anything like her dominant role in the 1993-'94 health-care debate .

The Washington Post , inferring that the bombers sought `` to sabotage Palestinian-Israeli peacemaking , '' stipulated , `` Most Palestinians do not support terror attacks against Israel , which they regard as only impeding progress toward the tangible benefits of peace . ''
the washington post , inferring that the bombers sought `` to sabotage palestinian-israeli peacemaking , '' [stated] , `` most palestinians do not support terror attacks against israel , which they regard as only impeding progress toward the tangible benefits of peace . ''

While opposing a big tax cut , he stipulated , `` If I became concerned that the surplus is going to be employed for increased spending programs , [ then ] I would be strongly in favor of tax cuts now .
while opposing a big tax cut , he [stated] , `` if i became concerned that the surplus is going to be employed for increased spending programs , [ then ] i would be strongly in favor of tax cuts now .

While defending Bush 's `` privacy , '' Sen. John McCain stipulated that `` it is the media and the American people who decide what questions should be asked . ''
while defending bush 's `` privacy , '' sen. john mccain [stated] that `` it is the media and the american people who decide what questions should be asked . ''

Wisely , the United States has stipulated that the imported aid grain not be re-exported for profit .
wisely , the united states has [stated] that the imported aid grain not be re-exported for profit .

He has made racial inclusion a central project of PK , and he has stipulated that gender segregation must be a temporary means toward integrating and reconciling the sexes .
he has made racial inclusion a central project of pk , and he has [stated] that gender segregation must be a temporary means toward integrating and reconciling the sexes .

The Yugoslav government has flagrantly violated the limits stipulated in the October agreement . ''
the yugoslav government has flagrantly violated the limits [stated] in the october agreement . ''

From the outset , Clinton stipulated that U.S. troops would n't fight for Kosovar `` independence , '' and Albright said the United States would n't impose an `` occupying force '' in Kosovo .
from the outset , clinton [stated] that u.s. troops would n't fight for kosovar `` independence , '' and albright said the united states would n't impose an `` occupying force '' in kosovo .

In its Court of Appeals brief , the Justice Department stipulated that the so-called Comstock provision in the law , which restricts the dissemination of information about abortion , was unconstitutional and would not be enforced .
in its court of appeals brief , the justice department [stated] that the so-called comstock provision in the law , which restricts the dissemination of information about abortion , was unconstitutional and would not be enforced .

