To simplify the formulas a representative symbol is substituted for each of the factors .
to simplify the formulas a representative symbol is [used instead of] for each of the factors .

Are there other , cheaper communications techniques that could be substituted ? ?
are there other , cheaper communications techniques that could be [used instead of] ? ?

For example , the Friday after Thanksgiving can be substituted for Washington's birthday .
for example , the friday after thanksgiving can be [used instead of] for washington's birthday .

The evidence shows that fake therapeutic machines , substituted for valid medical cures , have hastened the deaths of thousands .
the evidence shows that fake therapeutic machines , [used instead of] for valid medical cures , have hastened the deaths of thousands .

Henrietta , however , was at that time engaged in a lengthy correspondence with Joe's older and more serious brother , Morris , who was just about her own age and whom she had got to know well during trips to Philadelphia with Papa , when he substituted for Rabbi Jastrow at Rodeph Shalom Temple there during its Rabbi's absence in Europe .
henrietta , however , was at that time engaged in a lengthy correspondence with joe's older and more serious brother , morris , who was just about her own age and whom she had got to know well during trips to philadelphia with papa , when he [used instead of] for rabbi jastrow at rodeph shalom temple there during its rabbi's absence in europe .

Of these states the average `` change-over '' point ( at which a car is substituted for allowances ) is 13,200 miles per year .
of these states the average `` change-over '' point ( at which a car is [used instead of] for allowances ) is 13,200 miles per year .

Calcium hydride was substituted for Af as a drying agent for carbon tetrachloride .
calcium hydride was [used instead of] for af as a drying agent for carbon tetrachloride .

Prednisone , 30 mg. daily , was substituted for triamcinolone from Nov. 22 until Dec. 1 , 1958 , without any improvement in the weakness .
prednisone , 30 mg. daily , was [used instead of] for triamcinolone from nov. 22 until dec. 1 , 1958 , without any improvement in the weakness .

If work is substituted for things ( with more exact contribution to meaning ) , it will have dominant stress .
if work is [used instead of] for things ( with more exact contribution to meaning ) , it will have dominant stress .

Had Hoijer substituted for his 15 adjectival slots 15 good animal and plant items , his rate of stem replacement would have been lower and the age of Athabascan language separation smaller .
had hoijer [used instead of] for his 15 adjectival slots 15 good animal and plant items , his rate of stem replacement would have been lower and the age of athabascan language separation smaller .

If the bottom name in each column did not have a responsible executive identified , the next name above which identified such a responsible executive was substituted .
if the bottom name in each column did not have a responsible executive identified , the next name above which identified such a responsible executive was [used instead of] .

Particular interest is directed towards the condensation of these ligands with metal halides to form substituted phosphide or arside complexes .
particular interest is directed towards the condensation of these ligands with metal halides to form [used instead of] phosphide or arside complexes .

Such was the impromptu that Voltaire gave to howls of laughter at Sans Souci and that was soon circulated in manuscript throughout the literary circles of Europe , to be printed sometime later , but with the name of Timon of Athens , the famous misanthrope , substituted for that of Rousseau .
such was the impromptu that voltaire gave to howls of laughter at sans souci and that was soon circulated in manuscript throughout the literary circles of europe , to be printed sometime later , but with the name of timon of athens , the famous misanthrope , [used instead of] for that of rousseau .

Only , they carefully substituted old country folk dances for the Virginia Reels and square dances that were so popular among more worldly trains in the great westward migration .
only , they carefully [used instead of] old country folk dances for the virginia reels and square dances that were so popular among more worldly trains in the great westward migration .

His interest in the formal study of religion waned when he was sixteen and he substituted for it an interest in Asian affairs .
his interest in the formal study of religion waned when he was sixteen and he [used instead of] for it an interest in asian affairs .

There are blokes crying out there when they come off the pitch , when they 've been substituted .
there are blokes crying out there when they come off the pitch , when they 've been [used instead of] .

After twenty five minutes Milton 's centre half , Wayne Morton took a bad knock which left him with a chest injury , and this resulted in him being substituted late in the second half .
after twenty five minutes milton 's centre half , wayne morton took a bad knock which left him with a chest injury , and this resulted in him being [used instead of] late in the second half .

Why was substituted ?
why was [used instead of] ?

So in fact , erm , on the disk that we 've already got Fred is n't really Fred it 's Char it 's a substituted name .
so in fact , erm , on the disk that we 've already got fred is n't really fred it 's char it 's a [used instead of] name .

He had a quiet game against Celtic at the weekend and was eventually substituted .
he had a quiet game against celtic at the weekend and was eventually [used instead of] .

Ally Mauchlen , substituted on Saturday with a groin strain , is also struggling to make it .
ally mauchlen , [used instead of] on saturday with a groin strain , is also struggling to make it .

Futre had been substituted in a warm-up match prior to departure for Valetta and had subsequently fallen out with Quieroz and was left at home for being ‘ not in the correct frame of mind ’ to play a World Cup tie .
futre had been [used instead of] in a warm-up match prior to departure for valetta and had subsequently fallen out with quieroz and was left at home for being ‘ not in the correct frame of mind ’ to play a world cup tie .

Darlington 's plight was summed up when the out-of-sorts Smith was substituted with twelve minutes left .
darlington 's plight was summed up when the out-of-sorts smith was [used instead of] with twelve minutes left .

Rosenthal scored seven goals for the Reds last season in 36 appearances , although in many of those games he was either substituted or came on .
rosenthal scored seven goals for the reds last season in 36 appearances , although in many of those games he was either [used instead of] or came on .

Danny Quinn was substituted against Dublin after twenty minutes and there must be a question mark over his participation in the final with Fergal McCusker and Karl Diamond both pressing for places .
danny quinn was [used instead of] against dublin after twenty minutes and there must be a question mark over his participation in the final with fergal mccusker and karl diamond both pressing for places .

Customs officers substituted the drugs with another substance as the consignment arrived and it continued to Scott 's house where he was arrested .
customs officers [used instead of] the drugs with another substance as the consignment arrived and it continued to scott 's house where he was arrested .

Unfortunately , his calf muscle was done for and he had to be substituted by the senior linesman .
unfortunately , his calf muscle was done for and he had to be [used instead of] by the senior linesman .

He was substituted at Coventry because of a toe injury .
he was [used instead of] at coventry because of a toe injury .

Owers helped Sunderland beat Port Vale at the beginning of their Cup run , but was substituted and then aggravated his groin trouble in the following 6–2 home win over Millwall in mid January .
owers helped sunderland beat port vale at the beginning of their cup run , but was [used instead of] and then aggravated his groin trouble in the following 6–2 home win over millwall in mid january .

The Goodison striker was finally substituted after 73 minutes .
the goodison striker was finally [used instead of] after 73 minutes .

Scottish striker Cook , Coleraine 's top scorer with 19 goals last season , was angry at being substituted in the 3-2 defeat by Glentoran last Saturday and spoke his mind .
scottish striker cook , coleraine 's top scorer with 19 goals last season , was angry at being [used instead of] in the 3-2 defeat by glentoran last saturday and spoke his mind .

Assimilation creates something of a problem for phoneme theory ; when , for example , in ‘ good ’ becomes in the context ‘ … girl ’ ( ) or in the context ‘ … boy ’ ( ) , should we say that one phoneme has been substituted for another ?
assimilation creates something of a problem for phoneme theory ; when , for example , in ‘ good ’ becomes in the context ‘ … girl ’ ( ) or in the context ‘ … boy ’ ( ) , should we say that one phoneme has been [used instead of] for another ?

The only possible change may be Steve Tilson , who was substituted by Kevin O'Callaghan on Saturday , staying on the sidelines for the Northern Ireland international .
the only possible change may be steve tilson , who was [used instead of] by kevin o'callaghan on saturday , staying on the sidelines for the northern ireland international .

At a pinch the spacers can be substituted for four appropriately sized nuts .
at a pinch the spacers can be [used instead of] for four appropriately sized nuts .

It would appear that either the values had been substituted by the supplier ( without warning ) or the capacitors had been mistaken for components having an identical capacitance value but with a much reduced voltage rating .
it would appear that either the values had been [used instead of] by the supplier ( without warning ) or the capacitors had been mistaken for components having an identical capacitance value but with a much reduced voltage rating .

In the layout of the fielding positions you can , of course , do your own thin ; a piece of 3mm ply , may be substituted for the hardboard and the various fielding points ( and the scores or penalties associated with them ) can be moved around to please yourself .
in the layout of the fielding positions you can , of course , do your own thin ; a piece of 3mm ply , may be [used instead of] for the hardboard and the various fielding points ( and the scores or penalties associated with them ) can be moved around to please yourself .

This led some people to maintain that he had derived the idea of civil disobedience from Thoreau , a fact which Gandhi himself denied.a In due course he substituted the phrase ‘ civil resistance ’ for ‘ civil disobedience ’ on the grounds that it conveyed the notion of non-violence better , but he continued to regard civil disobedience as a branch of satyāgraha .
this led some people to maintain that he had derived the idea of civil disobedience from thoreau , a fact which gandhi himself denied.a in due course he [used instead of] the phrase ‘ civil resistance ’ for ‘ civil disobedience ’ on the grounds that it conveyed the notion of non-violence better , but he continued to regard civil disobedience as a branch of satyāgraha .

Live food is the best diet for them although fresh or frozen meaty foods of small particle size can be substituted .
live food is the best diet for them although fresh or frozen meaty foods of small particle size can be [used instead of] .

If different addresses are used , these must be substituted in the appropriate program lines .
if different addresses are used , these must be [used instead of] in the appropriate program lines .

Finally , maybe the ‘ balance of probabilities ’ should be substituted for ‘ beyond reasonable doubt ’ .
finally , maybe the ‘ balance of probabilities ’ should be [used instead of] for ‘ beyond reasonable doubt ’ .

Mercer , who picked up the injury in the first 20 minutes , was substituted by Andy Goodway but bravely returned in the second half wearing a protective head guard .
mercer , who picked up the injury in the first 20 minutes , was [used instead of] by andy goodway but bravely returned in the second half wearing a protective head guard .

But Reid , who is also considering giving brilliant youngster Gary Flitcroft his full debut , stressed : ‘ There is no problem with Steve even though he was substituted on Saturday — to be fair to him he has been fighting a toe injury . ’
but reid , who is also considering giving brilliant youngster gary flitcroft his full debut , stressed : ‘ there is no problem with steve even though he was [used instead of] on saturday — to be fair to him he has been fighting a toe injury . ’

The 28-year-old striker was recently fined and transfer-listed by County boss Neil Warnock after showing his displeasure at being substituted .
the 28-year-old striker was recently fined and transfer-listed by county boss neil warnock after showing his displeasure at being [used instead of] .

Angry Jemson suffered the embarrassment of coming on as substitute and then being substituted himself at Carrow Road .
angry jemson suffered the embarrassment of coming on as substitute and then being [used instead of] himself at carrow road .

For typed input this can mean knowing the layout of the keyboard , because keys close to each other are more likely to have been substituted , inserted or transposed .
for typed input this can mean knowing the layout of the keyboard , because keys close to each other are more likely to have been [used instead of] , inserted or transposed .

For example the letters l and t are often confused with each other , so t could be substituted for all occurrences of l , and l could be substituted for all occurrences of t .
for example the letters l and t are often confused with each other , so t could be [used instead of] for all occurrences of l , and l could be [used instead of] for all occurrences of t .

Wilkinson himself became involved in the controversy when Batty made his way to the touchline to be substituted after a 38minute flare-up .
wilkinson himself became involved in the controversy when batty made his way to the touchline to be [used instead of] after a 38minute flare-up .

Merson was substituted during the shock 4-2 home defeat by Norwich , and was consigned to the reserves for the next match .
merson was [used instead of] during the shock 4-2 home defeat by norwich , and was consigned to the reserves for the next match .

Before this week , Parmer had never been dropped or substituted in his club career .
before this week , parmer had never been dropped or [used instead of] in his club career .

It is now proposed that the rarely exercised power of the House to imprison be abolished and for a power for the Commons to impose a fine ( as can the House of Lords ) to be substituted .
it is now proposed that the rarely exercised power of the house to imprison be abolished and for a power for the commons to impose a fine ( as can the house of lords ) to be [used instead of] .

Hauser took off his glasses , substituted the pince-nez .
hauser took off his glasses , [used instead of] the pince-nez .

For Sudbury Neil Denny , brought on for Mokler , had been struggling to match Cornard 's midfield tenacity and was substituted by Gary Hollocks in the 57th minute .
for sudbury neil denny , brought on for mokler , had been struggling to match cornard 's midfield tenacity and was [used instead of] by gary hollocks in the 57th minute .

’ Having cleared away the relics of the eighteenth century , Coleridge substituted the doctrine of the Imagination , the creative power within the mind , with which we actively perceive and make our world .
’ having cleared away the relics of the eighteenth century , coleridge [used instead of] the doctrine of the imagination , the creative power within the mind , with which we actively perceive and make our world .

Nor are any reservations about Hawking 's work itself : on this score , Soul is more incisive than Errol Morris ' movie , in which the director has substituted a somewhat bemused deference for the confident spirit of critical inquiry that animated its forerunner , The Thin Blue Line .
nor are any reservations about hawking 's work itself : on this score , soul is more incisive than errol morris ' movie , in which the director has [used instead of] a somewhat bemused deference for the confident spirit of critical inquiry that animated its forerunner , the thin blue line .

Work could only be substituted for leisure to a limited extent because of the strict prohibition against work on the Sabbath ; and most of all by the principle of jubilee .
work could only be [used instead of] for leisure to a limited extent because of the strict prohibition against work on the sabbath ; and most of all by the principle of jubilee .

Nevertheless , the College could not have informants everywhere and though some funerals were based on the College 's formularies , the client ensured that the most important hallmarks of a College of Arms funeral — the funerary ‘ achievements ’ — were substituted by objects loosely indicative of them .
nevertheless , the college could not have informants everywhere and though some funerals were based on the college 's formularies , the client ensured that the most important hallmarks of a college of arms funeral — the funerary ‘ achievements ’ — were [used instead of] by objects loosely indicative of them .

While he retained his criticisms of rationality , Foucault substituted the idea of an otherness at work within reason for that of a repressed alterity existing outside or beyond it .
while he retained his criticisms of rationality , foucault [used instead of] the idea of an otherness at work within reason for that of a repressed alterity existing outside or beyond it .

To this extent we could say that the cultural materialists re-assert a form of reflection theory , where history has become a mirror in which contemporary political priorities have been substituted for the former certain ground of Marxist analysis .
to this extent we could say that the cultural materialists re-assert a form of reflection theory , where history has become a mirror in which contemporary political priorities have been [used instead of] for the former certain ground of marxist analysis .

An accounting change then took place , with the fee figure substituted by that of turnover ; this totalled £1 278 120 in 1984 , £1761405 in 1985 and £2060979 in 1986 .
an accounting change then took place , with the fee figure [used instead of] by that of turnover ; this totalled £1 278 120 in 1984 , £1761405 in 1985 and £2060979 in 1986 .

It may not be possible to supply the winners ' specified equipment in every case but near alternatives of similar value may be substituted .
it may not be possible to supply the winners ' specified equipment in every case but near alternatives of similar value may be [used instead of] .

Specialisation : children , neighbours , friends and other relatives performed different if overlapping roles which could not be fully substituted for each other .
specialisation : children , neighbours , friends and other relatives performed different if overlapping roles which could not be fully [used instead of] for each other .

Indeed , he was just about to ask to be substituted when he collected the ball in the 38th minute on the edge of the area with his back to goal .
indeed , he was just about to ask to be [used instead of] when he collected the ball in the 38th minute on the edge of the area with his back to goal .

He was substituted after only 55 minutes of Juventus ' 5–1 victory over Udinese last Sunday .
he was [used instead of] after only 55 minutes of juventus ' 5–1 victory over udinese last sunday .

Newcastle 's 18-year-old Steve Watson , who had been substituted , also jumped off the bench to restrain Italian officials , who went berserk after Kelly 's challenge .
newcastle 's 18-year-old steve watson , who had been [used instead of] , also jumped off the bench to restrain italian officials , who went berserk after kelly 's challenge .

Taylor wishes that in Sweden he had substituted the frustrated Gary Lineker with the pace of Tony Daley in the second match against France , rather than wait for the third and final game against Sweden to bring the curtain down on his captain 's international career .
taylor wishes that in sweden he had [used instead of] the frustrated gary lineker with the pace of tony daley in the second match against france , rather than wait for the third and final game against sweden to bring the curtain down on his captain 's international career .

Your photographs have been substituted by our experts .
your photographs have been [used instead of] by our experts .

As time moved on , more cost-conscious beaux substituted a bunch of flowers with a message attached which brought ‘ posy ’ to its modern meaning .
as time moved on , more cost-conscious beaux [used instead of] a bunch of flowers with a message attached which brought ‘ posy ’ to its modern meaning .

Le Saux responded to being substituted 11 minutes from time by throwing down his jersey .
le saux responded to being [used instead of] 11 minutes from time by throwing down his jersey .

Porterfield is set to alter his five-man midfield for today 's visit to Selhurst Park , with Le Saux most likely to be dropped after hurling his shirt into the dugout when substituted .
porterfield is set to alter his five-man midfield for today 's visit to selhurst park , with le saux most likely to be dropped after hurling his shirt into the dugout when [used instead of] .

Forest had chances to win , a traditionally exciting game , but Kingsley Black missed a series of opportunities before being substituted in the second half .
forest had chances to win , a traditionally exciting game , but kingsley black missed a series of opportunities before being [used instead of] in the second half .

He was not happy with Lineker 's commitment and substituted him .
he was not happy with lineker 's commitment and [used instead of] him .

Taylor , whose relationship with Lineker hit a low when he substituted England 's top scorer in the final European Championship game with Sweden , maintains he did not harbour a grudge against the former Footballer of the Year .
taylor , whose relationship with lineker hit a low when he [used instead of] england 's top scorer in the final european championship game with sweden , maintains he did not harbour a grudge against the former footballer of the year .

And the Oldham boo-boys were still screaming for him to be substituted when he headed an injury-time winner .
and the oldham boo-boys were still screaming for him to be [used instead of] when he headed an injury-time winner .

It has slashed its workforce from 350 to just over 100 in four years , and substituted high-tech gadgets like remote control cameras .
it has slashed its workforce from 350 to just over 100 in four years , and [used instead of] high-tech gadgets like remote control cameras .

It was Macaulay , in the George Stephen account , who , through the Anti-Slavery Society , substituted the power of association .
it was macaulay , in the george stephen account , who , through the anti-slavery society , [used instead of] the power of association .

Liberal Theology went the same way , though it substituted the categories of Ritschl 's system for those of Hegel 's .
liberal theology went the same way , though it [used instead of] the categories of ritschl 's system for those of hegel 's .

He had rejected Romanticism and Idealism , but simply substituted Existentialism for them , without challenging the essentially anthropocentric focus .
he had rejected romanticism and idealism , but simply [used instead of] existentialism for them , without challenging the essentially anthropocentric focus .

For example , it is not always possible to get moss to thrive , in which case dwarf cover plants can be substituted .
for example , it is not always possible to get moss to thrive , in which case dwarf cover plants can be [used instead of] .

The child 's doing , the child 's active social experience and his own thinking and talking are the chief means of his education … words can not be substituted for things .
the child 's doing , the child 's active social experience and his own thinking and talking are the chief means of his education … words can not be [used instead of] for things .

Nineteenth century ephemera , including table games , playing cards , a hieroglyphic card ( one where small pictures are substituted for a number of letters or syllables ) and ( centre ) a ‘ zoetrope ’ or ‘ wheel of life ’ , an early motion-picture toy .
nineteenth century ephemera , including table games , playing cards , a hieroglyphic card ( one where small pictures are [used instead of] for a number of letters or syllables ) and ( centre ) a ‘ zoetrope ’ or ‘ wheel of life ’ , an early motion-picture toy .

The search for alternatives to state welfare provision , and in particular for informal , privatized , familial and voluntary care to be substituted , forms a foundation for the move away from mental hospitals .
the search for alternatives to state welfare provision , and in particular for informal , privatized , familial and voluntary care to be [used instead of] , forms a foundation for the move away from mental hospitals .

He always blindly put on in the morning the clothes he had taken off the night before , unless others were substituted on the chair beside the bed while he slept .
he always blindly put on in the morning the clothes he had taken off the night before , unless others were [used instead of] on the chair beside the bed while he slept .

Sheldukher slipped the laser pistol back into his pocket and substituted the black square .
sheldukher slipped the laser pistol back into his pocket and [used instead of] the black square .

In the case of the first question the verb is thematicized ; in the second it is rhematic and is substituted for by a categorical verb , i.e .
in the case of the first question the verb is thematicized ; in the second it is rhematic and is [used instead of] for by a categorical verb , i.e .

The occasional row of repeated birds or quadrupeds may be substituted for abstract designs in one of the zones ; but much more interesting is the introduction of complicated scenes of human activity .
the occasional row of repeated birds or quadrupeds may be [used instead of] for abstract designs in one of the zones ; but much more interesting is the introduction of complicated scenes of human activity .

On the one hand it led to the concept of art education rather than craft training , with the professor-student relationship substituted for that of the master-apprentice .
on the one hand it led to the concept of art education rather than craft training , with the professor-student relationship [used instead of] for that of the master-apprentice .

Two main conditions can be suggested , that governments should be removable by electoral decisions and that some alternative can be substituted by electoral decision .
two main conditions can be suggested , that governments should be removable by electoral decisions and that some alternative can be [used instead of] by electoral decision .

Patterson comments that the sound of e is substituted for a ‘ in some places ’ in almost every relevant word .
patterson comments that the sound of e is [used instead of] for a ‘ in some places ’ in almost every relevant word .

We wish to suggest that these words may equally be substituted to describe strategic vision , suggesting a dynamic model as follows , each stage of which we then discuss in turn .
we wish to suggest that these words may equally be [used instead of] to describe strategic vision , suggesting a dynamic model as follows , each stage of which we then discuss in turn .

In 3 , for instance , the deviance disappears completely if light is substituted by the semantically distinct , but syntactically identical , heavy .
in 3 , for instance , the deviance disappears completely if light is [used instead of] by the semantically distinct , but syntactically identical , heavy .

It is essential , in carrying out the test , to use sentential frames which ideally do not share any elements ( although in practice it is usually sufficient if the immediate pre- and post-environments of the substituted items are distinct ) .
it is essential , in carrying out the test , to use sentential frames which ideally do not share any elements ( although in practice it is usually sufficient if the immediate pre- and post-environments of the [used instead of] items are distinct ) .

It is also important that the substituted items should belong to the same syntactic class ; that is , there should be no change in the syntactic structure of the frame as a result of the substitution .
it is also important that the [used instead of] items should belong to the same syntactic class ; that is , there should be no change in the syntactic structure of the frame as a result of the substitution .

The reason for this is that we want to be able to attribute all changes of meaning on substitution to differences in the semantic properties of the items being substituted .
the reason for this is that we want to be able to attribute all changes of meaning on substitution to differences in the semantic properties of the items being [used instead of] .

In spite of the fact that nothing can be substituted for — ness , and it therefore participates in no contrasts , recurrent or otherwise , it is different from — s in those books , and arguments can be put forward that it should be regarded as a semantic constituent .
in spite of the fact that nothing can be [used instead of] for — ness , and it therefore participates in no contrasts , recurrent or otherwise , it is different from — s in those books , and arguments can be put forward that it should be regarded as a semantic constituent .

Notice that a similar interpretation would arise , and no loss of information would result , if monarch were replaced by a synonym or paraphrase such as sovereign , or crowned head ( and automobile would interact in the same way with the context if it were substituted for car in 16 and 17 ) .
notice that a similar interpretation would arise , and no loss of information would result , if monarch were replaced by a synonym or paraphrase such as sovereign , or crowned head ( and automobile would interact in the same way with the context if it were [used instead of] for car in 16 and 17 ) .

That contextual modulation of the general sense of dog can not explain the specific interpretation in 22 is shown by the lack of a parallel specific interpretation of canine ( in its jocular use as a noun ) when it is substituted for dog :
that contextual modulation of the general sense of dog can not explain the specific interpretation in 22 is shown by the lack of a parallel specific interpretation of canine ( in its jocular use as a noun ) when it is [used instead of] for dog :

For the time being we shall use eqn ( 4.17 ) , which substituted into eqn ( 4.10 ) will yield , a restricted form of Faraday 's law ( for its general form , see Section 4.7 ) .
for the time being we shall use eqn ( 4.17 ) , which [used instead of] into eqn ( 4.10 ) will yield , a restricted form of faraday 's law ( for its general form , see section 4.7 ) .

Fennel leaves add distinction to any fish dish and salmon , mackerel or red mullet can be substituted for trout in this recipe .
fennel leaves add distinction to any fish dish and salmon , mackerel or red mullet can be [used instead of] for trout in this recipe .

Trials on which the digit was not correctly identified were discarded from data analysis and substituted later in the series .
trials on which the digit was not correctly identified were discarded from data analysis and [used instead of] later in the series .

Because of more elaborate film-printing techniques and finer-grained film stocks , board or even canvas may be used instead of glass and a black or white silhouette substituted for the clear glass area — though glass still provides a uniquely flat , untextured and rigid surface .
because of more elaborate film-printing techniques and finer-grained film stocks , board or even canvas may be used instead of glass and a black or white silhouette [used instead of] for the clear glass area — though glass still provides a uniquely flat , untextured and rigid surface .

Commentary : as in other References , the final sentence substituted by the Court incorporates an unspecified discount to compensate the offender for the stress and anxiety necessarily involved in being the subject of a reference .
commentary : as in other references , the final sentence [used instead of] by the court incorporates an unspecified discount to compensate the offender for the stress and anxiety necessarily involved in being the subject of a reference .

There is no necessary relationship between these schemata and the actual details of a song ; the details could be substituted without affecting the essential meaning , while conversely the overall structure does not depend on the details .
there is no necessary relationship between these schemata and the actual details of a song ; the details could be [used instead of] without affecting the essential meaning , while conversely the overall structure does not depend on the details .

‘ 'Sensible ’ , ‘ kind ’ , ’ said Bob as the waiter removed their cheese plates and substituted a wonderfully fragrant apple tart .
‘ 'sensible ’ , ‘ kind ’ , ’ said bob as the waiter removed their cheese plates and [used instead of] a wonderfully fragrant apple tart .

Since the first edition of this volume , the government has discontinued the low-income families statistical series and substituted it with a new series showing households below average income .
since the first edition of this volume , the government has discontinued the low-income families statistical series and [used instead of] it with a new series showing households below average income .

It being reported to this Meeting that the Peck Measures of the different corners of Islay do not agree in size , & that many of them are deficient of the Legal Standard Measure of this Country-In order to remedy this evil it is recommended that in place of the Heaped Peck commonly used that a streak measure answering exactly to the standard measure of Islay shou 'd be substituted in place of the Heap measure , & in order to carry this Resolution into Execution the Meeting do hereby appoint the following Committee … it is earnestly recommended to these Gentlemen to have the different Pecks of the different Parishes brought to the proper Streak measure , and to have these pecks Branded with Shawfield 's Iron , and this being once done it is recommended to the said Committee to cause publish at the Parish Churches that if any person within their Bounds shall Sell or Buy with any other peck than the Peck so ascertained & stamped , that they shall be Fined at the discretion of the Baron Baillie of Islay
it being reported to this meeting that the peck measures of the different corners of islay do not agree in size , & that many of them are deficient of the legal standard measure of this country-in order to remedy this evil it is recommended that in place of the heaped peck commonly used that a streak measure answering exactly to the standard measure of islay shou 'd be [used instead of] in place of the heap measure , & in order to carry this resolution into execution the meeting do hereby appoint the following committee … it is earnestly recommended to these gentlemen to have the different pecks of the different parishes brought to the proper streak measure , and to have these pecks branded with shawfield 's iron , and this being once done it is recommended to the said committee to cause publish at the parish churches that if any person within their bounds shall sell or buy with any other peck than the peck so ascertained & stamped , that they shall be fined at the discretion of the baron baillie of islay

Therefore , the babies ' body mass curve was calculated in the same manner as for adults , from birth length and birth weight , and this measure was substituted for birth weight in the regression equation .
therefore , the babies ' body mass curve was calculated in the same manner as for adults , from birth length and birth weight , and this measure was [used instead of] for birth weight in the regression equation .

No wonder Edward , in order to protect suitors from ecclesiastical censures or reprisals , made available a new form of the writ which was issued ‘ on behalf of many ’ — ex relatu plurium — in which he substituted himself for the unnamed petitioner or petitioners ; this form of the writ enjoyed wider popularity after the Council of Reading .
no wonder edward , in order to protect suitors from ecclesiastical censures or reprisals , made available a new form of the writ which was issued ‘ on behalf of many ’ — ex relatu plurium — in which he [used instead of] himself for the unnamed petitioner or petitioners ; this form of the writ enjoyed wider popularity after the council of reading .

In its place , Newman substituted three departments : Plays , Series , and Serials .
in its place , newman [used instead of] three departments : plays , series , and serials .

She substituted Meredith .
she [used instead of] meredith .

Will — Attestation — Testator 's signature — Testator writing name on will before setting out dispositive provisions — Will attested by two witnesses — Whether ‘ signed ’ by testator — Whether will validly executed — Whether testator having testamentary capacity — Wills Act 1837 ( 7 Will . 4 & 1 Vict. c. 26 ) , s. 9(a) ( b ) ( as substituted by Administration of Justice Act 1982 ( c. 53 ) , s. 17 )
will — attestation — testator 's signature — testator writing name on will before setting out dispositive provisions — will attested by two witnesses — whether ‘ signed ’ by testator — whether will validly executed — whether testator having testamentary capacity — wills act 1837 ( 7 will . 4 & 1 vict. c. 26 ) , s. 9(a) ( b ) ( as [used instead of] by administration of justice act 1982 ( c. 53 ) , s. 17 )

The first defendant appealed on the grounds , inter alia , that ( 1 ) the deputy judge had been wrong in law in holding that for the substituted section 9 ( b ) of the Wills Act 1837 to be satisfied the testator had to make his signature after making the dispositive provisions ; and ( 2 ) there was no sufficient evidence upon which the deputy judge could have found that the testator had not been of testamentary capacity at the time he had made and signed the alleged codicil on 18 April 1986 .
the first defendant appealed on the grounds , inter alia , that ( 1 ) the deputy judge had been wrong in law in holding that for the [used instead of] section 9 ( b ) of the wills act 1837 to be satisfied the testator had to make his signature after making the dispositive provisions ; and ( 2 ) there was no sufficient evidence upon which the deputy judge could have found that the testator had not been of testamentary capacity at the time he had made and signed the alleged codicil on 18 april 1986 .

The question is whether or not the document , prepared and signed as it was , satisfies the requirements of the substituted section 9 of the Wills Act 1837 . The substituted section 9 is in these terms :
the question is whether or not the document , prepared and signed as it was , satisfies the requirements of the [used instead of] section 9 of the wills act 1837 . the [used instead of] section 9 is in these terms :

He wrote down the surname ‘ Hughes ’ but then crossed it out and substituted ‘ Harvey .
he wrote down the surname ‘ hughes ’ but then crossed it out and [used instead of] ‘ harvey .

This led in due course to the enactment of a new code which was substituted for the relevant sections of the Act of 1972 by the Transport Act 1981 and is now found , without material alteration , in the Road Traffic Act 1988 .
this led in due course to the enactment of a new code which was [used instead of] for the relevant sections of the act of 1972 by the transport act 1981 and is now found , without material alteration , in the road traffic act 1988 .

The critical provisions with which we are concerned are section 7(3) and ( 4 ) and section 8(2) which reproduce provisions previously contained in section 8(3) , ( 4 ) and ( 6 ) respectively of the Act of 1972 as substituted by the Act of 1981 .
the critical provisions with which we are concerned are section 7(3) and ( 4 ) and section 8(2) which reproduce provisions previously contained in section 8(3) , ( 4 ) and ( 6 ) respectively of the act of 1972 as [used instead of] by the act of 1981 .

‘ But the authorities make it quite clear … that before the constable is in a position to choose between a specimen of blood or a specimen of urine on the defendant 's claim that one or other specimens should be substituted for the specimen of breath , the defendant must be made aware not merely that he can have the breath specimen substituted by some other specimen in general terms , but that the alternative specimen can be one either of blood or of urine , although in the last resort , subject to the proviso to subsection ( 4 ) as to medical practitioners , the choice is that of the police officer .
‘ but the authorities make it quite clear … that before the constable is in a position to choose between a specimen of blood or a specimen of urine on the defendant 's claim that one or other specimens should be [used instead of] for the specimen of breath , the defendant must be made aware not merely that he can have the breath specimen [used instead of] by some other specimen in general terms , but that the alternative specimen can be one either of blood or of urine , although in the last resort , subject to the proviso to subsection ( 4 ) as to medical practitioners , the choice is that of the police officer .

Section 1(1) of the Murder ( Abolition of Death Penalty ) Act 1965 abolished the death penalty for murder and substituted for it imprisonment for life . By section 27(1) of the Prison Act 1952 , the Secretary of State was already empowered :
section 1(1) of the murder ( abolition of death penalty ) act 1965 abolished the death penalty for murder and [used instead of] for it imprisonment for life . by section 27(1) of the prison act 1952 , the secretary of state was already empowered :

The second comment to be made on section 5 is that subsection ( 5 ) , in allowing financial restitution to be substituted in certain circumstances for restitution in specie , indicates that , in general , restitution in specie is contemplated .
the second comment to be made on section 5 is that subsection ( 5 ) , in allowing financial restitution to be [used instead of] in certain circumstances for restitution in specie , indicates that , in general , restitution in specie is contemplated .

Alternatively the relevant available procedure should be substituted , should it be impossible to fix the sum : see p. 20 of the 1991 guide , para .
alternatively the relevant available procedure should be [used instead of] , should it be impossible to fix the sum : see p. 20 of the 1991 guide , para .

Local Government — Homeless person — Civil action — Housing authority 's offer of permanent accommodation refused as being unsuitable — Claim in county court for breach of statutory duty — Whether judicial review appropriate remedy — Housing Act 1985 ( c. 68 ) , s. 69(1) ( as substituted by Housing and Planning Act 1986 ( c. 63 ) , s. 14(3) )
local government — homeless person — civil action — housing authority 's offer of permanent accommodation refused as being unsuitable — claim in county court for breach of statutory duty — whether judicial review appropriate remedy — housing act 1985 ( c. 68 ) , s. 69(1) ( as [used instead of] by housing and planning act 1986 ( c. 63 ) , s. 14(3) )

And in determining what is suitable they must have regard to the matters referred to in the last three lines of the substituted subsection .
and in determining what is suitable they must have regard to the matters referred to in the last three lines of the [used instead of] subsection .

By a substituted notice of appeal the local authority appealed against the order for costs .
by a [used instead of] notice of appeal the local authority appealed against the order for costs .

If the court is satisfied ( by affidavit or other evidence ) that prompt personal service can not be effected because the debtor is keeping out of the way so as to avoid service , it may order substituted service in such manner as it thinks fit .
if the court is satisfied ( by affidavit or other evidence ) that prompt personal service can not be effected because the debtor is keeping out of the way so as to avoid service , it may order [used instead of] service in such manner as it thinks fit .

Schedule 4 to the rules contains an order for substituted service ( Form 6.15 ) and a notice for insertion in the London Gazette ( Form 6.16 ) .
schedule 4 to the rules contains an order for [used instead of] service ( form 6.15 ) and a notice for insertion in the london gazette ( form 6.16 ) .

Service of the petition must be proved by affidavit , and the affidavit must have a sealed copy of the petition and , if applicable , a sealed copy of the order for substituted service exhibited to it .
service of the petition must be proved by affidavit , and the affidavit must have a sealed copy of the petition and , if applicable , a sealed copy of the order for [used instead of] service exhibited to it .

Schedule 4 to the rules contains two such affidavits-of personal service ( Form 6.17 ) and of substituted service ( Form 6.18 ) .
schedule 4 to the rules contains two such affidavits-of personal service ( form 6.17 ) and of [used instead of] service ( form 6.18 ) .

When the security is ultimately realised , the net proceeds must be substituted for any value previously put upon it ( r 6.119 ) .
when the security is ultimately realised , the net proceeds must be [used instead of] for any value previously put upon it ( r 6.119 ) .

The previous consequences gradually resolve on their own as new constructive behaviour is substituted .
the previous consequences gradually resolve on their own as new constructive behaviour is [used instead of] .

Where a product is effectively a `` commodity `` ( as is the case with many foodstuffs ) , or the consumer perceives a number of alternative brands to be easily substituted ( as with paint , do-it-yourself products , electronic calculators , video recorders or home computers ) , then volume production and marketing may determine who will dominate the market .
where a product is effectively a `` commodity `` ( as is the case with many foodstuffs ) , or the consumer perceives a number of alternative brands to be easily [used instead of] ( as with paint , do-it-yourself products , electronic calculators , video recorders or home computers ) , then volume production and marketing may determine who will dominate the market .

Traditional perspective was abandoned but no new system was substituted for it .
traditional perspective was abandoned but no new system was [used instead of] for it .

The object is to steer a middle course by maintaining control over administrative institutions while not making review the same as appeal , which would be the result if the judiciary substituted their views on every contested issue .
the object is to steer a middle course by maintaining control over administrative institutions while not making review the same as appeal , which would be the result if the judiciary [used instead of] their views on every contested issue .

As Davis has pointed out , the Supreme Court has in a number of decisions simply substituted judgment without reference to the reasonableness or rational basis test .
as davis has pointed out , the supreme court has in a number of decisions simply [used instead of] judgment without reference to the reasonableness or rational basis test .

If the courts were to develop the idea that all errors of law are jurisdictional , defined the word law in a purely analytical way so that it embraced any , or almost any application of a statutory term and substituted judgment on the meaning of that term , then a prospective applicant would be clear that the courts would intervene using that standard .
if the courts were to develop the idea that all errors of law are jurisdictional , defined the word law in a purely analytical way so that it embraced any , or almost any application of a statutory term and [used instead of] judgment on the meaning of that term , then a prospective applicant would be clear that the courts would intervene using that standard .

Parkes ' Chemical Catechism of 1806 had a frontispiece of apparatus , engraved on glass with fluoric acid ; in the fourth edition ( 1810 ) this was replaced by a plate of the laboratory of the Surrey Institution , a less-successful version of the Royal Institution ; in later editions Parkes substituted a laboratory which a gentleman might copy for himself .
parkes ' chemical catechism of 1806 had a frontispiece of apparatus , engraved on glass with fluoric acid ; in the fourth edition ( 1810 ) this was replaced by a plate of the laboratory of the surrey institution , a less-successful version of the royal institution ; in later editions parkes [used instead of] a laboratory which a gentleman might copy for himself .

One resource could be substituted for another .
one resource could be [used instead of] for another .

Crawfish are very difficult to find in Britain ( freshwater crayfish can be substituted , although they are expensive ) so use good quality prawns or diced monkfish instead .
crawfish are very difficult to find in britain ( freshwater crayfish can be [used instead of] , although they are expensive ) so use good quality prawns or diced monkfish instead .

Any smoked pork sausage can be substituted for andouille sausage .
any smoked pork sausage can be [used instead of] for andouille sausage .

The waxwork of Von Sydow held what was supposed to be a Bible but Paxton wondered if Ward might have substituted the Grimoire for the Holy Book .
the waxwork of von sydow held what was supposed to be a bible but paxton wondered if ward might have [used instead of] the grimoire for the holy book .

His plans , from which two models were made , substituted a clipping or shearing action for Ogle 's rotary one .
his plans , from which two models were made , [used instead of] a clipping or shearing action for ogle 's rotary one .

The ratchet-and-pawl device was quite effective in principle , but not robust or reliable enough in constant use , and it seems that , after he completed an engine to drive a mill owned by James Pickard at Snow Hill in Birmingham , it was found to be unsatisfactory , and a crank was substituted .
the ratchet-and-pawl device was quite effective in principle , but not robust or reliable enough in constant use , and it seems that , after he completed an engine to drive a mill owned by james pickard at snow hill in birmingham , it was found to be unsatisfactory , and a crank was [used instead of] .

The general public was to be able to use the royal posts on certain of the roads out of London ; there were to be fixed rates of postage ( to defray the cost of salaried postmasters ) ; and horse posts ( which were to travel at the rate of 120 miles in twenty-four hours ) were substituted for foot posts ( which travelled at the rate of 16 or 18 miles a day ) .
the general public was to be able to use the royal posts on certain of the roads out of london ; there were to be fixed rates of postage ( to defray the cost of salaried postmasters ) ; and horse posts ( which were to travel at the rate of 120 miles in twenty-four hours ) were [used instead of] for foot posts ( which travelled at the rate of 16 or 18 miles a day ) .

Section 186 , as substituted by the Companies Act 1989 , provides :
section 186 , as [used instead of] by the companies act 1989 , provides :

Should they be sold and new , more efficient assets substituted ?
should they be sold and new , more efficient assets [used instead of] ?

If depreciation is to be substituted for loan redemptions , then first of all the law must be changed , to take the principal repayments out of the revenue account so that they become balance sheet transfers as in business .
if depreciation is to be [used instead of] for loan redemptions , then first of all the law must be changed , to take the principal repayments out of the revenue account so that they become balance sheet transfers as in business .

If at first this proves too difficult , an alternative method of grabbing the ankles may be substituted until the area becomes more stretched and flexible with use .
if at first this proves too difficult , an alternative method of grabbing the ankles may be [used instead of] until the area becomes more stretched and flexible with use .

It is often seen in competition , but for safety reasons the heel strike is substituted for the sole of the foot .
it is often seen in competition , but for safety reasons the heel strike is [used instead of] for the sole of the foot .

In times of low unemployment labour will be in a strong position because it is in demand by employers and is not easily substituted .
in times of low unemployment labour will be in a strong position because it is in demand by employers and is not easily [used instead of] .

Knowledge Linked to the power acquired through the control of information is that acquired through the possession of some specialised knowledge or skill , particularly where that knowledge can not be easily substituted .
knowledge linked to the power acquired through the control of information is that acquired through the possession of some specialised knowledge or skill , particularly where that knowledge can not be easily [used instead of] .

However , the charges on both money and other property may be postponed or other property substituted , especially where the money or property is required to provide somewhere for the assisted person to live .
however , the charges on both money and other property may be postponed or other property [used instead of] , especially where the money or property is required to provide somewhere for the assisted person to live .

Thus one new , expensive , and unproven system is substituted for another expensive , admittedly imperfect system , which has the potential for improvement .
thus one new , expensive , and unproven system is [used instead of] for another expensive , admittedly imperfect system , which has the potential for improvement .

Later , when people got squeamish about that sort of thing , they substituted cats — a dozen or so live cats tied up in a sack .
later , when people got squeamish about that sort of thing , they [used instead of] cats — a dozen or so live cats tied up in a sack .

‘ According to gossip , your uncle was substituted for the Scapegoat in Saturday 's festival . ’
‘ according to gossip , your uncle was [used instead of] for the scapegoat in saturday 's festival . ’

If , and it was a very big ‘ if ’ , Riddle 's body had been substituted for the Scapegoat he felt sure that it was not as a convenient way of disposing of the body but to give more effective expression to the hatred which had inspired his killing .
if , and it was a very big ‘ if ’ , riddle 's body had been [used instead of] for the scapegoat he felt sure that it was not as a convenient way of disposing of the body but to give more effective expression to the hatred which had inspired his killing .

‘ Some people are saying that his body was substituted for the Scapegoat on Saturday night . ’
‘ some people are saying that his body was [used instead of] for the scapegoat on saturday night . ’

5.9.5 On a permitted assignment to a limited company and if the Landlord shall [ reasonably ] so require to procure that at least [ 2 ] directors of the company or some other guarantor or guarantors [ reasonably ] acceptable to the Landlord enter into direct covenants with the Landlord in the form of the Guarantor 's covenant contained in this Lease with " the Assignee " substituted for " the Tenant " [ 5.9.6 That each and every permitted underlease shall be granted without any fine or premium at a rent not less than the then open market rental value of the Premises [ to be approved by the Landlord prior to any such underlease ] [ and to be determined by the Surveyor acting as an expert and not as an arbitrator ] or the Rent then being paid ( whichever shall be the greater ) such rent being payable in advance on the days on which Rent is payable under this Lease and shall contain provisions approved by the Landlord :
5.9.5 on a permitted assignment to a limited company and if the landlord shall [ reasonably ] so require to procure that at least [ 2 ] directors of the company or some other guarantor or guarantors [ reasonably ] acceptable to the landlord enter into direct covenants with the landlord in the form of the guarantor 's covenant contained in this lease with " the assignee " [used instead of] for " the tenant " [ 5.9.6 that each and every permitted underlease shall be granted without any fine or premium at a rent not less than the then open market rental value of the premises [ to be approved by the landlord prior to any such underlease ] [ and to be determined by the surveyor acting as an expert and not as an arbitrator ] or the rent then being paid ( whichever shall be the greater ) such rent being payable in advance on the days on which rent is payable under this lease and shall contain provisions approved by the landlord :

5.9.5 On a permitted assignment to a private limited company and if the Landlord shall reasonably so require to procure that a guarantor or guarantors reasonably acceptable to the Landlord enter into direct covenants with the Landlord in the form of the Guarantor 's covenant contained in this Lease with `` the Assignee `` substituted for `` the Tenant `` There are various matters to be considered in connection with a permitted underlease ( not the least of which being as to whether the tenant should be allowed to underlet part or parts of the premises as well as to whole ) , eg : ( 1 ) In respect of any permitted underlease it is better to remove reference to the landlord 's approval of the rent reserved by it , and if possible ( particularly in a falling market ) to remove reference to the rent being no less than the passing rent under the lease , although the landlord will normally object to this on the basis that a low underlease rent could be used as a comparable on any subsequent rent review under the lease .
5.9.5 on a permitted assignment to a private limited company and if the landlord shall reasonably so require to procure that a guarantor or guarantors reasonably acceptable to the landlord enter into direct covenants with the landlord in the form of the guarantor 's covenant contained in this lease with `` the assignee `` [used instead of] for `` the tenant `` there are various matters to be considered in connection with a permitted underlease ( not the least of which being as to whether the tenant should be allowed to underlet part or parts of the premises as well as to whole ) , eg : ( 1 ) in respect of any permitted underlease it is better to remove reference to the landlord 's approval of the rent reserved by it , and if possible ( particularly in a falling market ) to remove reference to the rent being no less than the passing rent under the lease , although the landlord will normally object to this on the basis that a low underlease rent could be used as a comparable on any subsequent rent review under the lease .

9.15.1 the final words of section 196(4) … " and that service … be delivered " shall be deleted and there shall be substituted " … and that service shall be deemed to be made on the [ third ] Working Day after the registered letter has been posted . " Working Days " means any day from Monday to Friday ( inclusive ) other than Christmas Day Good Friday and any statutory bank or public holiday
9.15.1 the final words of section 196(4) … " and that service … be delivered " shall be deleted and there shall be [used instead of] " … and that service shall be deemed to be made on the [ third ] working day after the registered letter has been posted . " working days " means any day from monday to friday ( inclusive ) other than christmas day good friday and any statutory bank or public holiday

An indulgence constituting a common feature of commercial life is that of waiver which is essentially acceptance of a substituted performance .
an indulgence constituting a common feature of commercial life is that of waiver which is essentially acceptance of a [used instead of] performance .

Highlights here was jan Molby giving Speed a headlock and rub of the new haircut , and Wallace being substituted .
highlights here was jan molby giving speed a headlock and rub of the new haircut , and wallace being [used instead of] .

Speed was substituted early on and Pemberton came on giving Fairclough a hand ( although neither Chapman or Morley tested them for pace — basically because they have n't got any ) .
speed was [used instead of] early on and pemberton came on giving fairclough a hand ( although neither chapman or morley tested them for pace — basically because they have n't got any ) .

Could n't see why Speed was substituted but he was n't playing well ( see previous matches ) ; the West ham ground is looking quite impressive with the building of the new Bobby Moore stand ; and Beaney should have been booked for time-wasting ( blatant ) but the ref let him off .
could n't see why speed was [used instead of] but he was n't playing well ( see previous matches ) ; the west ham ground is looking quite impressive with the building of the new bobby moore stand ; and beaney should have been booked for time-wasting ( blatant ) but the ref let him off .

Rocky was playing and by the sounds of the radio coverage he played well but was substituted towards the end with Strandli coming on to replace him .
rocky was playing and by the sounds of the radio coverage he played well but was [used instead of] towards the end with strandli coming on to replace him .

The little sweets are made out of flavoured fondant and wrapped in cellophane , but bought wrapped sweets could be substituted as a short-cut if necessary .
the little sweets are made out of flavoured fondant and wrapped in cellophane , but bought wrapped sweets could be [used instead of] as a short-cut if necessary .

By the way , Jamie started 5 matches last season ( was substituted in 3 of them ) and came on once as a substitute ( all in the league ) , but no goals .
by the way , jamie started 5 matches last season ( was [used instead of] in 3 of them ) and came on once as a substitute ( all in the league ) , but no goals .

Requirements on issue are as for originating applications , save that `` petitioner `` and `` petition `` are substituted for `` applicant `` and `` ( originating ) application `` .
requirements on issue are as for originating applications , save that `` petitioner `` and `` petition `` are [used instead of] for `` applicant `` and `` ( originating ) application `` .

Where a plaintiff or defendant dies and the cause of action survives but no person is substituted for the deceased under Ord 5 , r 7 , the defendant ( or his personal representatives ) may apply for an order directing the plaintiff ( or other person entitled ) to proceed within such time as may be ordered , and in default , the action may be struck out ( Ord 5 , r 12 ) .
where a plaintiff or defendant dies and the cause of action survives but no person is [used instead of] for the deceased under ord 5 , r 7 , the defendant ( or his personal representatives ) may apply for an order directing the plaintiff ( or other person entitled ) to proceed within such time as may be ordered , and in default , the action may be struck out ( ord 5 , r 12 ) .

Substituted service
[used instead of] service

If substituted service by advertisement is required , a draft of the advertisement must be submitted to the district judge to settle .
if [used instead of] service by advertisement is required , a draft of the advertisement must be submitted to the district judge to settle .

Where a document is to be served by a bailiff , the proper officer of the bailiff 's court shall , if so requested , take such steps as may be necessary to provide evidence on which an order for substituted service may be made ( Ord 7 , r 8(2) ) .
where a document is to be served by a bailiff , the proper officer of the bailiff 's court shall , if so requested , take such steps as may be necessary to provide evidence on which an order for [used instead of] service may be made ( ord 7 , r 8(2) ) .

Rule 21 amends Ord 25 , r 13 ( transfer for enforcement ) under the new s 42 of the County Courts Act ( as substituted by s 2 of the Courts and Legal Services Act 1990 ) .
rule 21 amends ord 25 , r 13 ( transfer for enforcement ) under the new s 42 of the county courts act ( as [used instead of] by s 2 of the courts and legal services act 1990 ) .

It might be wise to include provisions ( Clause 28.01 ) for some form of substituted service to cover the case of a partner who deliberately absents himself from the firm , whether such absence is the ground for his expulsion or otherwise .
it might be wise to include provisions ( clause 28.01 ) for some form of [used instead of] service to cover the case of a partner who deliberately absents himself from the firm , whether such absence is the ground for his expulsion or otherwise .

The alternative method is to provide that upon any adjustment of the base figure , the rent payable immediately before the adjustment becomes a fixed amount payable under the terms of the lease ( or is substituted for a fixed amount previously reserved ) .
the alternative method is to provide that upon any adjustment of the base figure , the rent payable immediately before the adjustment becomes a fixed amount payable under the terms of the lease ( or is [used instead of] for a fixed amount previously reserved ) .

To avoid using his divine name itself ( out of supposed reverence ) a word meaning `` Lord `` was substituted in public reading .
to avoid using his divine name itself ( out of supposed reverence ) a word meaning `` lord `` was [used instead of] in public reading .

The Collector 's delirium still continued and he was undoubtedly becoming weaker ; because of these continuing symptoms McNab now substituted bark , chloric aether , and ammonia in effervescence for the laudanum and asked Miriam to increase the brandy to half an ounce every hour .
the collector 's delirium still continued and he was undoubtedly becoming weaker ; because of these continuing symptoms mcnab now [used instead of] bark , chloric aether , and ammonia in effervescence for the laudanum and asked miriam to increase the brandy to half an ounce every hour .

Dr McNab now ordered the stimulants to be decreased gradually from day to day , meat and beer from the stores being substituted for the brandy and beef tea .
dr mcnab now ordered the stimulants to be decreased gradually from day to day , meat and beer from the stores being [used instead of] for the brandy and beef tea .

You might bead : `` In case of cholera please carry the bearer of this card to Dr Dunstaple `` … the name of Dr McNab being carefully scratched out and that of Dr Dunstaple substituted .
you might bead : `` in case of cholera please carry the bearer of this card to dr dunstaple `` … the name of dr mcnab being carefully scratched out and that of dr dunstaple [used instead of] .

And you might even find the James of both doctors scratched out and substituted more than once , such was the atmosphere of indecision which gripped the enclave .
and you might even find the james of both doctors scratched out and [used instead of] more than once , such was the atmosphere of indecision which gripped the enclave .

Seeking to print the problem of a correspondent whose small son had , `` taken a little girl behind the settee and pulled her knickers down `` , she found her sub-editor had deleted the latter part of the quoted sentence and substituted , `` taken off part of her underclothes `` .
seeking to print the problem of a correspondent whose small son had , `` taken a little girl behind the settee and pulled her knickers down `` , she found her sub-editor had deleted the latter part of the quoted sentence and [used instead of] , `` taken off part of her underclothes `` .

Finally , let be the unit matrix with the element substituted for the unit in the i , ith position .
finally , let be the unit matrix with the element [used instead of] for the unit in the i , ith position .

By now he had become a Test cricketer , having played in three of the exciting 1960–61 Tests against West Indies ( and substituted in the field in the tied Test at Brisbane , his first , at Melbourne , being the 500th Test match , and bringing him poignantly what were to remain best batting and bowling performances in an eight-Test career .
by now he had become a test cricketer , having played in three of the exciting 1960–61 tests against west indies ( and [used instead of] in the field in the tied test at brisbane , his first , at melbourne , being the 500th test match , and bringing him poignantly what were to remain best batting and bowling performances in an eight-test career .

In the painting the shelves in the tree hold a candle , pyramid and worms ; in the advertisement they are substituted by bottles of perfume .
in the painting the shelves in the tree hold a candle , pyramid and worms ; in the advertisement they are [used instead of] by bottles of perfume .

He shall be substituted for and succeeded by his wife , the Baroness Carmen Thyssen-Bornemisza .
he shall be [used instead of] for and succeeded by his wife , the baroness carmen thyssen-bornemisza .

Rewards of a more subtle kind thus have to be substituted .
rewards of a more subtle kind thus have to be [used instead of] .

The death penalty was retained for repeated murders , while a new defence of diminished responsibility , imported from Scotland , allowed a charge of manslaughter to be substituted for murder if a defendant ‘ was suffering from such abnormality of mind … as substantially impaired his mental responsibility for his acts … ‘ .
the death penalty was retained for repeated murders , while a new defence of diminished responsibility , imported from scotland , allowed a charge of manslaughter to be [used instead of] for murder if a defendant ‘ was suffering from such abnormality of mind … as substantially impaired his mental responsibility for his acts … ‘ .

The fact that there is something quite new and of a different quality means that we will rapidly discard the old and move into the new , just as colour television sets were substituted for black and white , and created a very high growth rate over a period of years .
the fact that there is something quite new and of a different quality means that we will rapidly discard the old and move into the new , just as colour television sets were [used instead of] for black and white , and created a very high growth rate over a period of years .

Utilitarianism substituted pleasure and pain for the attribution of natural rights in citizens and , through the felicific calculus , sought to place morals and politics on an empirical foundation .
utilitarianism [used instead of] pleasure and pain for the attribution of natural rights in citizens and , through the felicific calculus , sought to place morals and politics on an empirical foundation .

For instance , the equality ( a — b ) ( c — d ) = ac + bd -ad -bc , acceptable to everyone whenever a , b , c , d were whole numbers with b less than a and d less than c , appeared to remain valid when particular irrational or complex numbers were substituted for the letters .
for instance , the equality ( a — b ) ( c — d ) = ac + bd -ad -bc , acceptable to everyone whenever a , b , c , d were whole numbers with b less than a and d less than c , appeared to remain valid when particular irrational or complex numbers were [used instead of] for the letters .

In the Vindiciae the reply is that `` when we speak of all the people , we understand by that , only those who hold their authority from the people , to wit , the magistrates … whom the people have substituted , or established … to represent the whole body of the people .
in the vindiciae the reply is that `` when we speak of all the people , we understand by that , only those who hold their authority from the people , to wit , the magistrates … whom the people have [used instead of] , or established … to represent the whole body of the people .

At this stage , perhaps because she is unfamiliar with how the words look , she has substituted for the correct letters something which sounds all right but is inaccurate .
at this stage , perhaps because she is unfamiliar with how the words look , she has [used instead of] for the correct letters something which sounds all right but is inaccurate .

As the interview progressed , we simply ignored , varied , developed or substituted questions as appropriate .
as the interview progressed , we simply ignored , varied , developed or [used instead of] questions as appropriate .

The express exclusion of this case from the scope of the Convention leaves the Contracting States free to make whatever provision they judge appropriate , for example the use of substituted service in English law .
the express exclusion of this case from the scope of the convention leaves the contracting states free to make whatever provision they judge appropriate , for example the use of [used instead of] service in english law .

it is served in accordance with an order for substituted service made under Order 65 , rule 4244 .
it is served in accordance with an order for [used instead of] service made under order 65 , rule 4244 .

Service by post can be permitted in an order for substituted service .
service by post can be permitted in an order for [used instead of] service .

Actual service is effected on a corporation by using the usual English procedures ; on an individual by a process server ( in practice a county court bailiff appointed for this purpose ) leaving a copy of the process and a copy of the translation or the certificate , as the case may be , with the person to be served , or by inserting the documents through the letter-box at his address ; or in accordance with an order for substituted service .
actual service is effected on a corporation by using the usual english procedures ; on an individual by a process server ( in practice a county court bailiff appointed for this purpose ) leaving a copy of the process and a copy of the translation or the certificate , as the case may be , with the person to be served , or by inserting the documents through the letter-box at his address ; or in accordance with an order for [used instead of] service .

If ‘ she ’ is substituted , the ludicrous unreality of the picture at once becomes plain .
if ‘ she ’ is [used instead of] , the ludicrous unreality of the picture at once becomes plain .

The new service got off to an inauspicious start when the unit earmarked for a media preview on Friday had to be substituted due to technical problems .
the new service got off to an inauspicious start when the unit earmarked for a media preview on friday had to be [used instead of] due to technical problems .

By arrangement , one course outside the department can be substituted for one option .
by arrangement , one course outside the department can be [used instead of] for one option .

My guess is that someone substituted bodies in order to keep him happy .
my guess is that someone [used instead of] bodies in order to keep him happy .

’ This was not the moment to tell John about the substituted bodies .
’ this was not the moment to tell john about the [used instead of] bodies .

In important buildings the interior decoration was by mosaic over all surfaces ; in poorer churches painted frescoes were substituted .
in important buildings the interior decoration was by mosaic over all surfaces ; in poorer churches painted frescoes were [used instead of] .

Substitution : In the reaction between methane and chlorine , an atom of chlorine is substituted for a hydrogen atom in the methane molecule to form chloromethane .
substitution : in the reaction between methane and chlorine , an atom of chlorine is [used instead of] for a hydrogen atom in the methane molecule to form chloromethane .

There are three types of amine , depending on the number of hydrogens substituted by alkyl groups . ( see fig. 3.2 )
there are three types of amine , depending on the number of hydrogens [used instead of] by alkyl groups . ( see fig. 3.2 )

When his trial opened on May 26 he had been charged with complicity in genocide , and the presiding judge had only substituted the lesser charge of instigating murder at the moment of reaching a verdict .
when his trial opened on may 26 he had been charged with complicity in genocide , and the presiding judge had only [used instead of] the lesser charge of instigating murder at the moment of reaching a verdict .

There is a further variation on the above procedure , which is that under section 2 of the 1936 Act steps can be taken at an early stage on grounds of the novelty and importance of the order , or because it deals with matters outside Scotland , to convert the order into a substituted Bill , in which case it goes through both Houses as a Bill and is not dealt with under the standard 1936 procedure .
there is a further variation on the above procedure , which is that under section 2 of the 1936 act steps can be taken at an early stage on grounds of the novelty and importance of the order , or because it deals with matters outside scotland , to convert the order into a [used instead of] bill , in which case it goes through both houses as a bill and is not dealt with under the standard 1936 procedure .

In what follows , the traditional view — that Molla Fenari studied under Cemaleddin Aksarayi in Aksaray in Karamanis accepted , but it may well be that `` Amasya `` ought to be substituted for `` Karaman `` in the appropriate contexts .
in what follows , the traditional view — that molla fenari studied under cemaleddin aksarayi in aksaray in karamanis accepted , but it may well be that `` amasya `` ought to be [used instead of] for `` karaman `` in the appropriate contexts .

The substitution effect leads to cheaper leisure being substituted for work , i.e .
the substitution effect leads to cheaper leisure being [used instead of] for work , i.e .

The Assistant Director was acting under the authority of a Council resolution made under Section 79 of the Solicitors Act 1974 [ as substituted by Section 97 of the Courts and Legal Services Act 1990 ] .
the assistant director was acting under the authority of a council resolution made under section 79 of the solicitors act 1974 [ as [used instead of] by section 97 of the courts and legal services act 1990 ] .

Again , a graphic character is substituted for each word to give a better idea of sentence complexity .
again , a graphic character is [used instead of] for each word to give a better idea of sentence complexity .

It was , therefore , with exaggerated haste that he undid his black tie , pulled the white shirt over his head , substituted a red T-shirt and a pair of old Norfolk drab cords that he 'd salvaged from his father 's wardrobe .
it was , therefore , with exaggerated haste that he undid his black tie , pulled the white shirt over his head , [used instead of] a red t-shirt and a pair of old norfolk drab cords that he 'd salvaged from his father 's wardrobe .

In some cases , owners substituted specialist crews of ‘ mercenaries ’ ( mostly Filipino , but sometimes German or British ) , ready to run almost any risk for the part of a voyage that lay in the war zone .
in some cases , owners [used instead of] specialist crews of ‘ mercenaries ’ ( mostly filipino , but sometimes german or british ) , ready to run almost any risk for the part of a voyage that lay in the war zone .

If you are going to eat in the kitchen make sure overall lights arc on a dimmer switch and that there is enough light over the table — use a rise-and-fall light fixture for example — which can , of course , be substituted for or combined with candlelight at night .
if you are going to eat in the kitchen make sure overall lights arc on a dimmer switch and that there is enough light over the table — use a rise-and-fall light fixture for example — which can , of course , be [used instead of] for or combined with candlelight at night .

He preferred to drink — ignoring the landlord 's porter — from his silver flask , which he had substituted for the broken glass of brandy .
he preferred to drink — ignoring the landlord 's porter — from his silver flask , which he had [used instead of] for the broken glass of brandy .

During this period of contraction , both passenger and freight services were withdrawn at an alarming rate , being substituted by short-lived bus services and road freight transport .
during this period of contraction , both passenger and freight services were withdrawn at an alarming rate , being [used instead of] by short-lived bus services and road freight transport .

This loco failed on Easter Monday morning and was substituted by the diesel , but was back on duty for the afternoon run .
this loco failed on easter monday morning and was [used instead of] by the diesel , but was back on duty for the afternoon run .

Other ‘ Cambrian ’ news is that the new 158 set broke down with a flat battery on the morning of the 7th July and had to be substituted by a Class 150 Sprinter .
other ‘ cambrian ’ news is that the new 158 set broke down with a flat battery on the morning of the 7th july and had to be [used instead of] by a class 150 sprinter .

For instance , when the scale of production increases , horse or steam power is likely to be substituted for manual labour ; materials are likely to be brought from a greater distance and in greater quantities , thus increasing those expenses of production which correspond to the work of carriers , middlemen and traders of all kinds .
for instance , when the scale of production increases , horse or steam power is likely to be [used instead of] for manual labour ; materials are likely to be brought from a greater distance and in greater quantities , thus increasing those expenses of production which correspond to the work of carriers , middlemen and traders of all kinds .

As far as the knowledge and business enterprise of the producers reach , they in each case choose those factors of production which are best for their purpose , the sum of the supply prices of those factors which are used is , as a rule , less than the sum of the supply prices of any other set of factors which could be substituted for them ; and whenever it appears to the producers that this is not the case , they will , as a rule , set to work to substitute the less expensive method .
as far as the knowledge and business enterprise of the producers reach , they in each case choose those factors of production which are best for their purpose , the sum of the supply prices of those factors which are used is , as a rule , less than the sum of the supply prices of any other set of factors which could be [used instead of] for them ; and whenever it appears to the producers that this is not the case , they will , as a rule , set to work to substitute the less expensive method .

Mr Kronweiser stared at the ceiling in creative agony for a space , and then , neatly scoring through the word ‘ validity ’ , he substituted ‘ authenticity ’ .
mr kronweiser stared at the ceiling in creative agony for a space , and then , neatly scoring through the word ‘ validity ’ , he [used instead of] ‘ authenticity ’ .

These estimated values of γ and δ , γ ( 1 ) ; and δ ( 1 ) ; , are then substituted into the right-hand side of the equations in ( 3.50 ) together with the original estimates of α and β to give :
these estimated values of γ and δ , γ ( 1 ) ; and δ ( 1 ) ; , are then [used instead of] into the right-hand side of the equations in ( 3.50 ) together with the original estimates of α and β to give :

We now have two equations which both describe the process determining p ( ) t ; equation ( 4.8 ) , and equation ( 4.7 ) with equation ( 4.11 ) substituted for the term in .
we now have two equations which both describe the process determining p ( ) t ; equation ( 4.8 ) , and equation ( 4.7 ) with equation ( 4.11 ) [used instead of] for the term in .

Equations ( 5.34 ) and ( 5.33 ) may be substituted back into equation ( 5.30 ) to give the following solution for output :
equations ( 5.34 ) and ( 5.33 ) may be [used instead of] back into equation ( 5.30 ) to give the following solution for output :

If we substitute an atom in a molecule by an isotope of different mass , we alter the frequencies of some modes — but only those in which the substituted atom moves significantly .
if we substitute an atom in a molecule by an isotope of different mass , we alter the frequencies of some modes — but only those in which the [used instead of] atom moves significantly .

Additional information that can be used to narrow down the range of possible solutions in a normal co-ordinate analysis can be obtained using isotopically substituted samples .
additional information that can be used to narrow down the range of possible solutions in a normal co-ordinate analysis can be obtained using isotopically [used instead of] samples .

If a positive image is required , a whole plate negative film sheet can be substituted for photographic paper at the first stage : this intermediate negative is developed and then contact printed .
if a positive image is required , a whole plate negative film sheet can be [used instead of] for photographic paper at the first stage : this intermediate negative is developed and then contact printed .

When the values of the differentials at y are substituted in this expression we have at y .
when the values of the differentials at y are [used instead of] in this expression we have at y .

It was not only food imports that were to be substituted in Franco 's plan .
it was not only food imports that were to be [used instead of] in franco 's plan .

On Nov. 27 the lesser charges , of illegal arrest and detention of demonstrators , had accordingly been substituted .
on nov. 27 the lesser charges , of illegal arrest and detention of demonstrators , had accordingly been [used instead of] .

The phrase `` subject-matter of the lease `` was , as we know , substituted for the ancient expression `` touching and concerning the land . ``
the phrase `` subject-matter of the lease `` was , as we know , [used instead of] for the ancient expression `` touching and concerning the land . ``

Among the men the discussion of politics , the destruction of game , or the dissipation of the ale house was substituted for the duties of their occupation during the former part of the week , and in the remaining three or four days a sufficiency was earned for defraying the current expenses .
among the men the discussion of politics , the destruction of game , or the dissipation of the ale house was [used instead of] for the duties of their occupation during the former part of the week , and in the remaining three or four days a sufficiency was earned for defraying the current expenses .

Especially rich in irony is Le Prestre et Alison , `` The Priest and Alison `` , in which a lecherous priest believes he has succeeded in bedding a beautiful young girl but has had , in the darkness , an elderly whore substituted for her .
especially rich in irony is le prestre et alison , `` the priest and alison `` , in which a lecherous priest believes he has succeeded in bedding a beautiful young girl but has had , in the darkness , an elderly whore [used instead of] for her .

This is all the more requisite as there are certain uses in which the to infinitive can not be substituted for the bare form ( e.g .
this is all the more requisite as there are certain uses in which the to infinitive can not be [used instead of] for the bare form ( e.g .

Everyone agrees that when the to infinitive is substituted for the zero form , verbs of perception undergo a lexical shift .
everyone agrees that when the to infinitive is [used instead of] for the zero form , verbs of perception undergo a lexical shift .

In ( 140 ) , make can not be substituted for cause — the causation evoked is too indirect — nor can cause substitute for make in ( 141 ) , for the opposite reason .
in ( 140 ) , make can not be [used instead of] for cause — the causation evoked is too indirect — nor can cause substitute for make in ( 141 ) , for the opposite reason .

These comments allow us to understand why have could be substituted for get in ( 176 ) but not in ( 177 ) : ( 176 ) The teacher got us to write our names on a sheet of paper .
these comments allow us to understand why have could be [used instead of] for get in ( 176 ) but not in ( 177 ) : ( 176 ) the teacher got us to write our names on a sheet of paper .

Certain test writers argue that the blank substituted for the deleted word should correspond to the length of the missing word but in many cloze tests all the blanks are of uniform length .
certain test writers argue that the blank [used instead of] for the deleted word should correspond to the length of the missing word but in many cloze tests all the blanks are of uniform length .

Usually a function word or affix can not be substituted , so substitution must be made at the slot with which the function word is more closely related , in this example the object or the verb .
usually a function word or affix can not be [used instead of] , so substitution must be made at the slot with which the function word is more closely related , in this example the object or the verb .

Such a drill could be something like this : The verbs that are being substituted would also have the affixes -mom ( sentence type 1 ) , p- and -an ( sentence type 2 , and p- and -on ( sentence type 3 ) .
such a drill could be something like this : the verbs that are being [used instead of] would also have the affixes -mom ( sentence type 1 ) , p- and -an ( sentence type 2 , and p- and -on ( sentence type 3 ) .

This is demonstrated when other words are substituted in these different contexts .
this is demonstrated when other words are [used instead of] in these different contexts .

What can be substituted meaningfully in one of the above groups may not be substituted in the others .
what can be [used instead of] meaningfully in one of the above groups may not be [used instead of] in the others .

For example , `` walked `` might be substituted in 1. , but it would make nonsense in the other three contexts .
for example , `` walked `` might be [used instead of] in 1. , but it would make nonsense in the other three contexts .

Consider again the differential equation for the three-element model : where we have substituted for the various constants in terms of the relaxation times complex constants . Then , substituting in the differential equation , we have
consider again the differential equation for the three-element model : where we have [used instead of] for the various constants in terms of the relaxation times complex constants . then , substituting in the differential equation , we have

If this value of fv is substituted in the Doolittle expression for viscosity we find An equation of this type had already been suggested by Williams , Landel & Ferry as an empirical way of combining data derived at different temperatures into one master curve .
if this value of fv is [used instead of] in the doolittle expression for viscosity we find an equation of this type had already been suggested by williams , landel & ferry as an empirical way of combining data derived at different temperatures into one master curve .

Such relations do not necessarily hold within a phase if the average stresses and strains for that phase are substituted in the above . )
such relations do not necessarily hold within a phase if the average stresses and strains for that phase are [used instead of] in the above . )

The unit cell approach has the following advantages : prediction of the overall elastic moduli in terms of the phase moduli ; knowledge of the stress distributions within phases ( relevant to the prediction of failure mechanisms ) , and usable formulae in which the phase moduli and concentration can be substituted or , by working backwards from the overall moduli , from which the phase moduli and concentration can be deduced .
the unit cell approach has the following advantages : prediction of the overall elastic moduli in terms of the phase moduli ; knowledge of the stress distributions within phases ( relevant to the prediction of failure mechanisms ) , and usable formulae in which the phase moduli and concentration can be [used instead of] or , by working backwards from the overall moduli , from which the phase moduli and concentration can be deduced .

in favour of 's substituted resolution 26 ;
in favour of 's [used instead of] resolution 26 ;

Hill was substituted in the 55th minute , too late to prevent Halifax going further behind .
hill was [used instead of] in the 55th minute , too late to prevent halifax going further behind .

Earlier , Geoffrey Shaw , for Mrs Sutcliffe , said she would be willing to accept whatever damages figure the court substituted for the £600,000 award .
earlier , geoffrey shaw , for mrs sutcliffe , said she would be willing to accept whatever damages figure the court [used instead of] for the £600,000 award .

Jones , substituted in three consecutive games by Leeds , makes his first London appearance since leaving Wimbledon .
jones , [used instead of] in three consecutive games by leeds , makes his first london appearance since leaving wimbledon .

Little wonder Chelsea substituted him soon after his booking .
little wonder chelsea [used instead of] him soon after his booking .

In their place he substituted a psychological theory which is almost modern in its understanding and penetration .
in their place he [used instead of] a psychological theory which is almost modern in its understanding and penetration .

The technology that has been substituted for human lives on the widest scale is that of the microprocessor .
the technology that has been [used instead of] for human lives on the widest scale is that of the microprocessor .

In a leader , the Economic Times , Bangalore , noted that at best , body-shopping by foreign firms ‘ may be substituted by sub-contracting , and that too , to their own subsidiaries rather than Indian companies . ’
in a leader , the economic times , bangalore , noted that at best , body-shopping by foreign firms ‘ may be [used instead of] by sub-contracting , and that too , to their own subsidiaries rather than indian companies . ’

After spending some time with the injured fan , Baggio said that if there was any violence during last Sunday 's game between the same two sides he would ask to be substituted .
after spending some time with the injured fan , baggio said that if there was any violence during last sunday 's game between the same two sides he would ask to be [used instead of] .

Rather than increasing the sentence , three appeal court judges substituted a three-year probation order requiring him to undergo treatment or counselling .
rather than increasing the sentence , three appeal court judges [used instead of] a three-year probation order requiring him to undergo treatment or counselling .

Within seconds he had been substituted and within minutes a goal almost came about at the other end .
within seconds he had been [used instead of] and within minutes a goal almost came about at the other end .

Agar-agar is not affected and may be substituted for gelatine , otherwise you must use cooked pineapple as heat corrupts the enzyme .
agar-agar is not affected and may be [used instead of] for gelatine , otherwise you must use cooked pineapple as heat corrupts the enzyme .

No special equipment was used for this nor were new rails substituted .
no special equipment was used for this nor were new rails [used instead of] .

Instead , Mr David Trippier , the environment minister , insisted the target dates should be dropped as unrealistic and the words ‘ as soon as possible ’ substituted .
instead , mr david trippier , the environment minister , insisted the target dates should be dropped as unrealistic and the words ‘ as soon as possible ’ [used instead of] .

The rival method of using metal rollers for milling corn had been tried as early as the sixteenth century but was generally only adopted for malt-milling until , in 1834 , a Swiss engineer substituted rollers for the original stones in the reconstruction of an existing mill .
the rival method of using metal rollers for milling corn had been tried as early as the sixteenth century but was generally only adopted for malt-milling until , in 1834 , a swiss engineer [used instead of] rollers for the original stones in the reconstruction of an existing mill .

For the shaming pleasure of voyeuristic torture , he has substituted the pleasure of having his nose rubbed in it .
for the shaming pleasure of voyeuristic torture , he has [used instead of] the pleasure of having his nose rubbed in it .

Emotionally , he was imprisoned in his boyhood , the only difference being that the whiskey bottle was substituted for cream buns and lemon pop as the greatest imaginable treat .
emotionally , he was imprisoned in his boyhood , the only difference being that the whiskey bottle was [used instead of] for cream buns and lemon pop as the greatest imaginable treat .

Advances in the field of cosmetics mean that today superfluous ingredients and allergens can be identified , then substituted or removed , which is great news indeed for anyone with a sensitive skin .
advances in the field of cosmetics mean that today superfluous ingredients and allergens can be identified , then [used instead of] or removed , which is great news indeed for anyone with a sensitive skin .

Reserves can be substituted between rounds at the discretion of the team coach .
reserves can be [used instead of] between rounds at the discretion of the team coach .

Or it could have been brought in and substituted .
or it could have been brought in and [used instead of] .

It is a decay that became inevitable when the infamous Beeching Plan substituted the crass motif of economic viability for that of communal need , and ripped out the steel vertebrae of the nation , leaving whole areas more isolated than they had been at any time since the eighteenth century .
it is a decay that became inevitable when the infamous beeching plan [used instead of] the crass motif of economic viability for that of communal need , and ripped out the steel vertebrae of the nation , leaving whole areas more isolated than they had been at any time since the eighteenth century .

It was the first work on which he collaborated-and collaborated happily-with Nicholas Georgiadis but it is now given in the heavy scarlet , black and gold designs which Georgiadis substituted in 1980 .
it was the first work on which he collaborated-and collaborated happily-with nicholas georgiadis but it is now given in the heavy scarlet , black and gold designs which georgiadis [used instead of] in 1980 .

Without underestimating the possibility that we may still witness some increase of private medical insurance , it would not be realistic to pretend that one can see how an alternative system could now grow up beside , or be substituted for , the channelling of this £1,000 million of the national income through government agencies .
without underestimating the possibility that we may still witness some increase of private medical insurance , it would not be realistic to pretend that one can see how an alternative system could now grow up beside , or be [used instead of] for , the channelling of this £1,000 million of the national income through government agencies .

Bryan Robson 's injury , a legacy of previous combat , was diagnosed when he had to be substituted 20 minutes from the end of the first leg at Portsmouth only 13 days ago .
bryan robson 's injury , a legacy of previous combat , was diagnosed when he had to be [used instead of] 20 minutes from the end of the first leg at portsmouth only 13 days ago .

For two lithiums substituted in cis configuration the difference would be a mere 5 calmol-1 ( the trans isomer is much less favourable ) .
for two lithiums [used instead of] in cis configuration the difference would be a mere 5 calmol-1 ( the trans isomer is much less favourable ) .

The active antiulcer substance present was found to be the isoprenyl substituted chalcone , sophoradin ( 13 ) .
the active antiulcer substance present was found to be the isoprenyl [used instead of] chalcone , sophoradin ( 13 ) .

The breakthrough to finding broad spectrum quinolones was made in the early 1980s , when fluorine was substituted at position 6 , a piperazinyl residue was introduced at position 7 and new residues were introduced at position 1 of the quinolone basic structure ( 7–10 ) .
the breakthrough to finding broad spectrum quinolones was made in the early 1980s , when fluorine was [used instead of] at position 6 , a piperazinyl residue was introduced at position 7 and new residues were introduced at position 1 of the quinolone basic structure ( 7–10 ) .

In 1975–76 the cycloaracylation process , a new general method for making quinolone and azaquinolonecarboxylic acids substituted at position 1 , was developed while working on synthesising heterocyclic compounds by cycloacylating tautomeric enamines and enhydrazines with bifunctional acylating agents .
in 1975–76 the cycloaracylation process , a new general method for making quinolone and azaquinolonecarboxylic acids [used instead of] at position 1 , was developed while working on synthesising heterocyclic compounds by cycloacylating tautomeric enamines and enhydrazines with bifunctional acylating agents .

Reducing oil consumption in the heating and electricity generation sectors is straightforward in that other fuels may be substituted .
reducing oil consumption in the heating and electricity generation sectors is straightforward in that other fuels may be [used instead of] .

Synthetic fuels or ‘ synfuels ’ are liquids or gases which may be substituted for oil products or natural gas .
synthetic fuels or ‘ synfuels ’ are liquids or gases which may be [used instead of] for oil products or natural gas .

None of the Republic players was more likely to come into conflict with Charlton 's tactics than Liam Brady , who announced his retirement from international football after being substituted 10 minutes from half-time in a recent friendly against West Germany .
none of the republic players was more likely to come into conflict with charlton 's tactics than liam brady , who announced his retirement from international football after being [used instead of] 10 minutes from half-time in a recent friendly against west germany .

Mr Rampton said the text showed that ‘ subterfuge ’ had been crossed out and the word ‘ silence ’ substituted .
mr rampton said the text showed that ‘ subterfuge ’ had been crossed out and the word ‘ silence ’ [used instead of] .

The suppression of the truth is always a serious matter because what has to be substituted in its place can do even more damage .
the suppression of the truth is always a serious matter because what has to be [used instead of] in its place can do even more damage .

Dean Saunders should at least have emulated Trevor Francis 's hat-trick at Villa Park a week earlier , and Paul Goddard 's anger at being substituted suggested all is not well with last season 's fifth-placed team .
dean saunders should at least have emulated trevor francis 's hat-trick at villa park a week earlier , and paul goddard 's anger at being [used instead of] suggested all is not well with last season 's fifth-placed team .

The sinister side included Norman Whiteside , still short of full fitness and substituted after his irritability got him booked , and the right-footed Neil McDonald , an obviously uncomfortable deputy at left-back for Neil ‘ Disser ’ Pointon .
the sinister side included norman whiteside , still short of full fitness and [used instead of] after his irritability got him booked , and the right-footed neil mcdonald , an obviously uncomfortable deputy at left-back for neil ‘ disser ’ pointon .

Many of the elaborate theses on English Literature produced by American students for their Doctorate , and afterwards published , were monuments of misdirected effort ; in short , a true sense of literature as a living thing was lost , and in its place was substituted an investigation after the worse pattern of German ‘ research ’ , deadening alike to those who wrote and those who read it .
many of the elaborate theses on english literature produced by american students for their doctorate , and afterwards published , were monuments of misdirected effort ; in short , a true sense of literature as a living thing was lost , and in its place was [used instead of] an investigation after the worse pattern of german ‘ research ’ , deadening alike to those who wrote and those who read it .

This was substituted by a new clause which stated that ‘ parties , mass organisations and mass movements are set up under a procedure established by legislation , and function within the framework of the constitution and law ’ of the republic .
this was [used instead of] by a new clause which stated that ‘ parties , mass organisations and mass movements are set up under a procedure established by legislation , and function within the framework of the constitution and law ’ of the republic .

substituted for each other .
[used instead of] for each other .

This attractive sign welcomed visitors to Cleveleys until the roundabout was removed and traffic lights substituted in 1968 .
this attractive sign welcomed visitors to cleveleys until the roundabout was removed and traffic lights [used instead of] in 1968 .

At first the track was more widely spaced with ornamental centre poles , but in 1927 — at the request of Fleetwood — side poles and span wires were substituted and the track re-positioned centrally .
at first the track was more widely spaced with ornamental centre poles , but in 1927 — at the request of fleetwood — side poles and span wires were [used instead of] and the track re-positioned centrally .

He 'd know if she 's been substituted .
he 'd know if she 's been [used instead of] .

It could n't have been very nice for her , thought Karelius , seeing her sister substituted by a woman who had obtained cheap success by such a blatant display of sexuality .
it could n't have been very nice for her , thought karelius , seeing her sister [used instead of] by a woman who had obtained cheap success by such a blatant display of sexuality .

If the deep anaphor can be assigned a suitable interpretation from a content-based representation it does not matter , at least as far as a considered judgement of acceptability is concerned , if the previous expression of that content does not parallel the one that would have to be substituted for the anaphor to make a full second clause .
if the deep anaphor can be assigned a suitable interpretation from a content-based representation it does not matter , at least as far as a considered judgement of acceptability is concerned , if the previous expression of that content does not parallel the one that would have to be [used instead of] for the anaphor to make a full second clause .

Other ingredients can be added or substituted for different applications .
other ingredients can be added or [used instead of] for different applications .

But Ball 's committee seems likely to press instead for a box which doctors should tick if they want a generic drug substituted .
but ball 's committee seems likely to press instead for a box which doctors should tick if they want a generic drug [used instead of] .

All efforts have so far merely substituted the controlled violence of the struggle for existence with behaviour which introduced measures of cruelty unknown on earth before the ‘ dawn of civilisation ’ .
all efforts have so far merely [used instead of] the controlled violence of the struggle for existence with behaviour which introduced measures of cruelty unknown on earth before the ‘ dawn of civilisation ’ .

It is the complexity of the decoding and responding that seems to be under-represented in this model , as can be seen in the communication model if the following is substituted :
it is the complexity of the decoding and responding that seems to be under-represented in this model , as can be seen in the communication model if the following is [used instead of] :

These are not entirely satisfactory as they are simply crude adaptations of the basic forms in which a specification is substituted for references to bills of quantities .
these are not entirely satisfactory as they are simply crude adaptations of the basic forms in which a specification is [used instead of] for references to bills of quantities .

The word allow may often be substituted for the words think of — try both and note the different effects on the body .
the word allow may often be [used instead of] for the words think of — try both and note the different effects on the body .

The procoagulant activity of the lipids in the cytoplasmic leaflets of these cells may be substituted , at least in part , by liposomes ( concentric layers of lipid separated by water ) composed of phosphatidylserine .
the procoagulant activity of the lipids in the cytoplasmic leaflets of these cells may be [used instead of] , at least in part , by liposomes ( concentric layers of lipid separated by water ) composed of phosphatidylserine .

Cottage or other low-fat cheese can be substituted for full-fat cheese ; skimmed and semi-skimmed milk for whole milk .
cottage or other low-fat cheese can be [used instead of] for full-fat cheese ; skimmed and semi-skimmed milk for whole milk .

As for Tour 1 with an enhanced tour of the local area substituted for the visit to the training stables .
as for tour 1 with an enhanced tour of the local area [used instead of] for the visit to the training stables .

Alternately , this interest might demonstrate the excitement and enjoyment gained from reading about and watching that which we ourselves could not or would not do ; a sort of substituted excitement .
alternately , this interest might demonstrate the excitement and enjoyment gained from reading about and watching that which we ourselves could not or would not do ; a sort of [used instead of] excitement .

It was his own fault , since he imperiously ignored the suggested plan and substituted his own arrangement .
it was his own fault , since he imperiously ignored the suggested plan and [used instead of] his own arrangement .

Just as in the Bible , when a ram was substituted for Abraham , lambs are slaughtered , cooked , and shared by families or local neighborhoods .
just as in the bible , when a ram was [used instead of] for abraham , lambs are slaughtered , cooked , and shared by families or local neighborhoods .

The Accademia ’ s uncontested star , the great David ( which once stood in the Piazza della Signoria , now substituted by a life-size copy ) , provides the perfect object lesson of the finished product , a hero infused with all the contained energy needed to hurl that stone at Goliath .
the accademia ’ s uncontested star , the great david ( which once stood in the piazza della signoria , now [used instead of] by a life-size copy ) , provides the perfect object lesson of the finished product , a hero infused with all the contained energy needed to hurl that stone at goliath .

The similarity to London ’ s own Parliament ( Big Ben aside ) is quite striking , with the Danube simply substituted for the Thames .
the similarity to london ’ s own parliament ( big ben aside ) is quite striking , with the danube simply [used instead of] for the thames .

Penises and noses , which , incidentally , scans beautifully when substituted for the refrain in `` Lollipops and Roses , '' the 1962 Grammy-winning Jack Jones hit written by Tony Velona .
penises and noses , which , incidentally , scans beautifully when [used instead of] for the refrain in `` lollipops and roses , '' the 1962 grammy-winning jack jones hit written by tony velona .

This is why gays substituted the phrase `` sexual orientation '' for `` sexual preference . ''
this is why gays [used instead of] the phrase `` sexual orientation '' for `` sexual preference . ''

For much of the piece Maslin seemed to criticize the way films like A Handful of Dust distorted the novels they set out to adapt , the way they reeked of snobbery and voyeurism , the way they substituted rarified Ralph Lauren décors for content .
for much of the piece maslin seemed to criticize the way films like a handful of dust distorted the novels they set out to adapt , the way they reeked of snobbery and voyeurism , the way they [used instead of] rarified ralph lauren décors for content .

Because snail mail is not always reliable , many people with social graces have substituted the fax , ensuring both timeliness and actual arrival .
because snail mail is not always reliable , many people with social graces have [used instead of] the fax , ensuring both timeliness and actual arrival .

In 1995 , the administration substituted `` key escrow `` for the Clipper Chip .
in 1995 , the administration [used instead of] `` key escrow `` for the clipper chip .

Everything except this memorable portion of the word is then dropped , and a new morpheme is substituted in an innovation ; once the innovation is generally known , it suggests a pattern for further combinations with the neomorpheme , whose meaning generalizes upon the model 's salient contemporary import .
everything except this memorable portion of the word is then dropped , and a new morpheme is [used instead of] in an innovation ; once the innovation is generally known , it suggests a pattern for further combinations with the neomorpheme , whose meaning generalizes upon the model 's salient contemporary import .

There must have been confusion -- perhaps it persists -- about the alphabetic O [ oh ] and the numerical 0 [ zero ] , for the telephone companies often made a special point of emphasizing which was meant : I assume that they have statistics on the number of wrong numbers dialed when one was substituted for the other .
there must have been confusion -- perhaps it persists -- about the alphabetic o [ oh ] and the numerical 0 [ zero ] , for the telephone companies often made a special point of emphasizing which was meant : i assume that they have statistics on the number of wrong numbers dialed when one was [used instead of] for the other .

For every letter , another one has been substituted , so you ca n't read it .
for every letter , another one has been [used instead of] , so you ca n't read it .

The onomatoplazia of inflammable is so common that flammable , or even flamable is now commonly substituted , especially on trucks .
the onomatoplazia of inflammable is so common that flammable , or even flamable is now commonly [used instead of] , especially on trucks .

Presumably , Sumerian or Egyptian accountants -- no boob-bookkeepers they ! -- first substituted signs for pictographs , giving them phonetic instead of semantic values .
presumably , sumerian or egyptian accountants -- no boob-bookkeepers they ! -- first [used instead of] signs for pictographs , giving them phonetic instead of semantic values .

The Puritans substituted such names for the others because they did not believe in honoring , as they would have put it , Popish saints .
the puritans [used instead of] such names for the others because they did not believe in honoring , as they would have put it , popish saints .

To go on a bilge or drinking spree used by three Northern informants is perhaps an alteration of to go on a binge , or perhaps a punning alteration , or perhaps a pronunciation variant , with l substituted for n , as in chimney/chimley .
to go on a bilge or drinking spree used by three northern informants is perhaps an alteration of to go on a binge , or perhaps a punning alteration , or perhaps a pronunciation variant , with l [used instead of] for n , as in chimney/chimley .

The speaker 's words should never be changed ; that is , arse ought not be substituted for ass or vice versa and , if an explanation of an unfamiliar word or phrase is required , it ought to be supplied , even if this must be relegated to a footnote .
the speaker 's words should never be changed ; that is , arse ought not be [used instead of] for ass or vice versa and , if an explanation of an unfamiliar word or phrase is required , it ought to be supplied , even if this must be relegated to a footnote .

In an essay published recently in a history journal , the editor substituted “ foul ups ” for the correct term I had used in referring to certain incidents witnessed during army days .
in an essay published recently in a history journal , the editor [used instead of] “ foul ups ” for the correct term i had used in referring to certain incidents witnessed during army days .

Either a letter , or an entire word , or phrase may be substituted , as follows :
either a letter , or an entire word , or phrase may be [used instead of] , as follows :

Nor was its use so overwhelming or constant , “ inlet ” or “ bay ” sometimes being substituted .
nor was its use so overwhelming or constant , “ inlet ” or “ bay ” sometimes being [used instead of] .

One gets the impression that the editors of L used the good stuff from the W and substituted their own , much better material when they encountered some of the bad stuff .
one gets the impression that the editors of l used the good stuff from the w and [used instead of] their own , much better material when they encountered some of the bad stuff .

A plea on groups of insanity , in a newspaper report of a criminal trial , is promptly dismissed by the mind and substituted with “ grounds. ” Newspapers , particularly , are bound to have such innocent typographical errors because of the constant pressure of deadlines .
a plea on groups of insanity , in a newspaper report of a criminal trial , is promptly dismissed by the mind and [used instead of] with “ grounds. ” newspapers , particularly , are bound to have such innocent typographical errors because of the constant pressure of deadlines .

Some typos might be said to be “ errors of similarity or familiarity , ” when similar or more familiar words are substituted for the words in the manuscript .
some typos might be said to be “ errors of similarity or familiarity , ” when similar or more familiar words are [used instead of] for the words in the manuscript .

It is a comfort to know that if my book still merits reprinting some decades hence , as it is in machine-readable form , the publishers need only write a short program indicating that informal be substituted for all occurrences of colloquial and , like magic , the switch will be effected .
it is a comfort to know that if my book still merits reprinting some decades hence , as it is in machine-readable form , the publishers need only write a short program indicating that informal be [used instead of] for all occurrences of colloquial and , like magic , the switch will be effected .

