She should offer substitutes for the temptations which seem overwhelmingly desirable to the child .
she should offer [uses instead of] for the temptations which seem overwhelmingly desirable to the child .

Toys he has can be made to act as substitutes for family temptations such as refrigerator and gas stove .
toys he has can be made to act as [uses instead of] for family temptations such as refrigerator and gas stove .

Or are you trying the devil's substitutes to relieve that spiritual hunger you feel within ? ?
or are you trying the devil's [uses instead of] to relieve that spiritual hunger you feel within ? ?

So , too , was the insistence on the relativity of the external world , and the ideas that language and things perceived by consciousness were poor substitutes indeed for immediate perception by pure , indwelling spirit : the opposition of pure consciousness to ratiocinating consciousness .
so , too , was the insistence on the relativity of the external world , and the ideas that language and things perceived by consciousness were poor [uses instead of] indeed for immediate perception by pure , indwelling spirit : the opposition of pure consciousness to ratiocinating consciousness .

Cardboard noisemakers , substitutes for the unavailable tin models , were being hawked and bought at makeshift stands every few yards along Broadway , and one's ears were continually serenaded by the horns' rasps and bleats .
cardboard noisemakers , [uses instead of] for the unavailable tin models , were being hawked and bought at makeshift stands every few yards along broadway , and one's ears were continually serenaded by the horns' rasps and bleats .

Substitutes , Dave Penny and Nick Cusack made a pact and claimed a goal .
[uses instead of] , dave penny and nick cusack made a pact and claimed a goal .

To extend these duties to fuel substitutes such as rapeseed diesel is regrettable , because this will tend to stifle some initiatives in arable crops .
to extend these duties to fuel [uses instead of] such as rapeseed diesel is regrettable , because this will tend to stifle some initiatives in arable crops .

Potential will be assessed in other cases , though , against a team who will have millions of pounds worth of talent to spare on the substitutes bench .
potential will be assessed in other cases , though , against a team who will have millions of pounds worth of talent to spare on the [uses instead of] bench .

Andy Roxburgh , Scotland 's national coach , will name his substitutes this afternoon but not one of the seven players left at his disposal , Aberdeen 's Booth , Grant , Smith and Shearer along with Main and McKinlay , of Dundee United , and Darren Jackson , of Hibs , has been capped at full international level .
andy roxburgh , scotland 's national coach , will name his [uses instead of] this afternoon but not one of the seven players left at his disposal , aberdeen 's booth , grant , smith and shearer along with main and mckinlay , of dundee united , and darren jackson , of hibs , has been capped at full international level .

As it turned out , the miss was sandwiched between goals from the Dundee substitutes Andy Dow ( 78 minutes ) and Andy Kiwomya ( 87min ) which settled the issue .
as it turned out , the miss was sandwiched between goals from the dundee [uses instead of] andy dow ( 78 minutes ) and andy kiwomya ( 87min ) which settled the issue .

Milan 's Tassotti , who last October became Italy 's oldest debutant , substitutes injured Sampdoria man Moreno Mannini .
milan 's tassotti , who last october became italy 's oldest debutant , [uses instead of] injured sampdoria man moreno mannini .

( So was former Sunderland star George Herd , but they did n't have substitutes in those days ) .
( so was former sunderland star george herd , but they did n't have [uses instead of] in those days ) .

Darlington manager Ray Hankin put on both substitutes at the start of the second half and the move almost paid dividends after 53 minutes when Toman split the defence perfectly to find John Borthwick in the area , but the substitute 's left-foot shot was well held by the keeper .
darlington manager ray hankin put on both [uses instead of] at the start of the second half and the move almost paid dividends after 53 minutes when toman split the defence perfectly to find john borthwick in the area , but the substitute 's left-foot shot was well held by the keeper .

Hankin put on both substitutes at the start of the second half and the move almost paid dividends after 53 minutes when Toman split the defence perfectly to find John Borthwick in the area , but the substitute 's left-foot shot was well saved .
hankin put on both [uses instead of] at the start of the second half and the move almost paid dividends after 53 minutes when toman split the defence perfectly to find john borthwick in the area , but the substitute 's left-foot shot was well saved .

Proposals include both teams taking to the field together before kick-off and permitting three substitutes instead of the current two , with the third being a ‘ recognised goalkeeper ’ , as in the Premier League .
proposals include both teams taking to the field together before kick-off and permitting three [uses instead of] instead of the current two , with the third being a ‘ recognised goalkeeper ’ , as in the premier league .

Cheshire Constabulary youth five-a-side contest is open to teams of seven , including substitutes , from under-10s to under-16s .
cheshire constabulary youth five-a-side contest is open to teams of seven , including [uses instead of] , from under-10s to under-16s .

Cheshire Constabulary Youth 5-a-side competition is open to teams of seven including substitutes in age groups from under-10s to under-16s .
cheshire constabulary youth 5-a-side competition is open to teams of seven including [uses instead of] in age groups from under-10s to under-16s .

The league have also agreed that there will be three substitutes next season , including a recognised goalkeeper , that both sides will take to the pitch together before kick-off and clubs will have the option of putting players names on the back of their shirts .
the league have also agreed that there will be three [uses instead of] next season , including a recognised goalkeeper , that both sides will take to the pitch together before kick-off and clubs will have the option of putting players names on the back of their shirts .

Middlesbrough midfield player Andy Peake has been recalled to today 's team with Mark Proctor expected to be on the substitutes ' bench .
middlesbrough midfield player andy peake has been recalled to today 's team with mark proctor expected to be on the [uses instead of] ' bench .

Substitutes , Proctor , Payton .
[uses instead of] , proctor , payton .

Striker Bernie Slaven could again be on the substitutes ' bench after his quick recovery from a knee operation .
striker bernie slaven could again be on the [uses instead of] ' bench after his quick recovery from a knee operation .

Boro will be unchanged tonight , with Jon Gittens and Alan Moore again on the substitutes ' bench .
boro will be unchanged tonight , with jon gittens and alan moore again on the [uses instead of] ' bench .

Boro will be unchanged with Lawrence delaying a final choice of substitutes .
boro will be unchanged with lawrence delaying a final choice of [uses instead of] .

Stuart Ripley and Andy Payton proved their fitness as second-half substitutes against Brighton .
stuart ripley and andy payton proved their fitness as second-half [uses instead of] against brighton .

Substitutes from Payton , Gittens , Kavanagh .
[uses instead of] from payton , gittens , kavanagh .

Boro immediately sent on substitutes Mark Proctor and Andy Payton .
boro immediately sent on [uses instead of] mark proctor and andy payton .

Andy Payton was in the starting line-up with Stuart Ripley on the substitutes ' bench .
andy payton was in the starting line-up with stuart ripley on the [uses instead of] ' bench .

Bernie Slaven or Andy Payton , second-half substitutes at Roker Park , will return to the side .
bernie slaven or andy payton , second-half [uses instead of] at roker park , will return to the side .

Jamie Pollock could be promoted from the substitutes ' bench tomorrow night .
jamie pollock could be promoted from the [uses instead of] ' bench tomorrow night .

Substitutes Jamie Pollock and Bernie Slaven combined , with John Hendrie , for a perfect diving header by Wilkinson .
[uses instead of] jamie pollock and bernie slaven combined , with john hendrie , for a perfect diving header by wilkinson .

The player not in a starting role will be on the substitutes ' bench alongside Bernie Slaven .
the player not in a starting role will be on the [uses instead of] ' bench alongside bernie slaven .

Peake and Bernie Slaven will be on the substitutes ' bench .
peake and bernie slaven will be on the [uses instead of] ' bench .

There is no place for the in-form Michael O'Neill , now a Hibs player , or Nottingham Forest winger Kingsley Black ; both are on the substitutes bench .
there is no place for the in-form michael o'neill , now a hibs player , or nottingham forest winger kingsley black ; both are on the [uses instead of] bench .

Striker Tony Cascarino , Townsend 's former clubmate at Stamford Bridge , also has a hamstring problem and may have to forego his usual place on the substitutes ' bench .
striker tony cascarino , townsend 's former clubmate at stamford bridge , also has a hamstring problem and may have to forego his usual place on the [uses instead of] ' bench .

In could come David West , who has just returned from holiday , while Colin Ramirez and Gary Macartney , substitutes at the weekend , may be in the starting line-up .
in could come david west , who has just returned from holiday , while colin ramirez and gary macartney , [uses instead of] at the weekend , may be in the starting line-up .

‘ At this early stage positive intervention , while not easy and which demands sensitive work with child and parent or parent substitutes , can succeed .
‘ at this early stage positive intervention , while not easy and which demands sensitive work with child and parent or parent [uses instead of] , can succeed .

This means that Peter Finnerty , one of the most experienced players in the Galway squad , is still on the substitutes ' bench .
this means that peter finnerty , one of the most experienced players in the galway squad , is still on the [uses instead of] ' bench .

Bingham says they 're ones for the future but how can we gauge their potential on a substitutes ' bench .
bingham says they 're ones for the future but how can we gauge their potential on a [uses instead of] ' bench .

The defensive partners in Galway 's biggest triumphs at the end of the 80s are resigned to being substitutes , but do n't rule out the introduction of one or both .
the defensive partners in galway 's biggest triumphs at the end of the 80s are resigned to being [uses instead of] , but do n't rule out the introduction of one or both .

Blackburn 's Kevin Moran replaces him to win his 68th cap and striker Tony Cascarino is almost certain to be on the substitutes ' bench after also testing an injured hamstring this afternoon .
blackburn 's kevin moran replaces him to win his 68th cap and striker tony cascarino is almost certain to be on the [uses instead of] ' bench after also testing an injured hamstring this afternoon .

At the moment our whole economy is based on natural found hydrocarbons — oil , petrol — as these begin to run out , then we 've got to find a way of making these or substitutes for them , and this is what chemistry is all about , making new compounds or making old compounds in new ways .
at the moment our whole economy is based on natural found hydrocarbons — oil , petrol — as these begin to run out , then we 've got to find a way of making these or [uses instead of] for them , and this is what chemistry is all about , making new compounds or making old compounds in new ways .

It 's been known for some time that dioxins are created when chlorine is used to make paper white , but in many situations it 's been difficult to find substitutes .
it 's been known for some time that dioxins are created when chlorine is used to make paper white , but in many situations it 's been difficult to find [uses instead of] .

At the start of which season were substitutes first allowed in English football ?
at the start of which season were [uses instead of] first allowed in english football ?

Thompson was forced to reshuffle his side because of injuries , work commitments and one player missing the team bus and indeed the manager had to name himself as one of the substitutes .
thompson was forced to reshuffle his side because of injuries , work commitments and one player missing the team bus and indeed the manager had to name himself as one of the [uses instead of] .

To monetarists , all assets are close substitutes for one another .
to monetarists , all assets are close [uses instead of] for one another .

Synthetic substitutes for rocks
synthetic [uses instead of] for rocks

Episodes of extinction during the past 450 million years seemed to be ecological substitutes and regrouping of better adapted species , but again as a result of retreating seas , by shifting plates and changes in climate .
episodes of extinction during the past 450 million years seemed to be ecological [uses instead of] and regrouping of better adapted species , but again as a result of retreating seas , by shifting plates and changes in climate .

Frozen or fresh sea foods can be useful substitutes for live foods .
frozen or fresh sea foods can be useful [uses instead of] for live foods .

We review the modern — and not so modern — substitutes .
we review the modern — and not so modern — [uses instead of] .

Battery substitutes
battery [uses instead of]

Battery Substitutes
battery [uses instead of]

But with Wigan using up all their substitutes when Skerrett came off , Hull stepped up the tempo in the second half .
but with wigan using up all their [uses instead of] when skerrett came off , hull stepped up the tempo in the second half .

Several Sampdoria substitutes and officials leapt off their seats next to the dug-out , hurdled the board and jostled the England midfielder .
several sampdoria [uses instead of] and officials leapt off their seats next to the dug-out , hurdled the board and jostled the england midfielder .

‘ This rule means a lot of managers might feel it necessary to have a goalkeeper as one of their five substitutes . ’
‘ this rule means a lot of managers might feel it necessary to have a goalkeeper as one of their five [uses instead of] . ’

With Ukrainian international Andrei Kanchelskis consigned to the substitutes ' bench carrying an injury , the main thrust of United 's attacks emanated from the skilful wing play of young Ryan Giggs .
with ukrainian international andrei kanchelskis consigned to the [uses instead of] ' bench carrying an injury , the main thrust of united 's attacks emanated from the skilful wing play of young ryan giggs .

People magazine has been looking for possible substitutes , and among the personalities they suggest is Prince Charles .
people magazine has been looking for possible [uses instead of] , and among the personalities they suggest is prince charles .

If testing shows that our attachment to Christian friends or to a particular lifestyle is stronger than our attachment to God himself , we must ask whether these supports for faith are in danger of becoming substitutes .
if testing shows that our attachment to christian friends or to a particular lifestyle is stronger than our attachment to god himself , we must ask whether these supports for faith are in danger of becoming [uses instead of] .

Sin therefore reduces God to man 's image , scales him down to man 's size and substitutes man 's view of God for God himself .
sin therefore reduces god to man 's image , scales him down to man 's size and [uses instead of] man 's view of god for god himself .

If you 're away from home , you 'll need to take some portable substitutes with you
if you 're away from home , you 'll need to take some portable [uses instead of] with you

Some say that the church has significantly failed to provide a safe ‘ family ’ , and the result has been that thousands of needy people have drifted through and away to the false substitutes of the world .
some say that the church has significantly failed to provide a safe ‘ family ’ , and the result has been that thousands of needy people have drifted through and away to the false [uses instead of] of the world .

Modern research backs claims that plant extracts , such as lotus , used for greasy skin , are better tolerated than synthetic substitutes .
modern research backs claims that plant extracts , such as lotus , used for greasy skin , are better tolerated than synthetic [uses instead of] .

Mr. Maunder then gave a list of ‘ don'ts ’ including not using peat based compost — he suggested coconut fibre or copra bean substitutes — and not buying hardwood trellis .
mr. maunder then gave a list of ‘ don'ts ’ including not using peat based compost — he suggested coconut fibre or copra bean [uses instead of] — and not buying hardwood trellis .

In other words , over some differential range of prices for imports and domestically produced substitutes there was a low cross-price elasticity of demand .
in other words , over some differential range of prices for imports and domestically produced [uses instead of] there was a low cross-price elasticity of demand .

Accept no substitutes — insist on Dellorto quality !
accept no [uses instead of] — insist on dellorto quality !

Ipswich have used the new rolling substitutes rule to their advantage this season but it often means that the first choice players are only off the pitch for five or ten minutes at a time .
ipswich have used the new rolling [uses instead of] rule to their advantage this season but it often means that the first choice players are only off the pitch for five or ten minutes at a time .

Because of injuries and unavailability , Chelmsford were often stretched to field three teams this season so much so that the first team was left short of substitutes .
because of injuries and unavailability , chelmsford were often stretched to field three teams this season so much so that the first team was left short of [uses instead of] .

These are substitutes , but you 'll need it for the authentic taste .
these are [uses instead of] , but you 'll need it for the authentic taste .

‘ We clustered at the narrow doorway , resting our useless hands upon our heads as substitutes for steel helmets .
‘ we clustered at the narrow doorway , resting our useless hands upon our heads as [uses instead of] for steel helmets .

As a result of the controls it was impossible for certain firms to obtain raw materials and replacements , for which no domestic substitutes were available .
as a result of the controls it was impossible for certain firms to obtain raw materials and replacements , for which no domestic [uses instead of] were available .

With the separation of political power from the family , women were less able to influence the process of political recruitment or to act as substitutes for their men .
with the separation of political power from the family , women were less able to influence the process of political recruitment or to act as [uses instead of] for their men .

He substitutes an alternative , indeed a radical alternative , but he does not transcend the debate .
he [uses instead of] an alternative , indeed a radical alternative , but he does not transcend the debate .

In a monopoly situation , the producer may be able to use his market power at the expense of the consumer , although the likelihood of this happening will be moderated if close substitutes for the product exist or if the monopolist fears entry of new , but similar , products into the market , attracted by high prices and the profits being made .
in a monopoly situation , the producer may be able to use his market power at the expense of the consumer , although the likelihood of this happening will be moderated if close [uses instead of] for the product exist or if the monopolist fears entry of new , but similar , products into the market , attracted by high prices and the profits being made .

Ray Parlour , 19 , is back in the squad and is likely to be on the substitutes ' bench .
ray parlour , 19 , is back in the squad and is likely to be on the [uses instead of] ' bench .

‘ Brian has been suffering from a loss of confidence , ’ said Roxburgh of the player who was relegated to the Manchester United substitutes ' bench on Saturday .
‘ brian has been suffering from a loss of confidence , ’ said roxburgh of the player who was relegated to the manchester united [uses instead of] ' bench on saturday .

Those other hardships include being ignored by England , enduring a mystery nerve complaint , being relegated to the substitutes ' bench by Palace and consequently losing the club captaincy to Eric Young .
those other hardships include being ignored by england , enduring a mystery nerve complaint , being relegated to the [uses instead of] ' bench by palace and consequently losing the club captaincy to eric young .

Ryan Giggs , back in the squad , must settle for a place on the substitutes ' bench .
ryan giggs , back in the squad , must settle for a place on the [uses instead of] ' bench .

So happy is Yorath with the way his team is shaping , he can afford the luxury of having the 19-year-old boy wonder on the substitutes ' bench for the World Cup qualifier against the Group Four leaders .
so happy is yorath with the way his team is shaping , he can afford the luxury of having the 19-year-old boy wonder on the [uses instead of] ' bench for the world cup qualifier against the group four leaders .

Keeper Neville Southall , the most capped keeper in Welsh history , believes the Belgians will be scared just seeing Giggs among the substitutes .
keeper neville southall , the most capped keeper in welsh history , believes the belgians will be scared just seeing giggs among the [uses instead of] .

He will start on the substitutes ' bench and Souness said : ‘ The chances are good people will see Barnes involved at some stage .
he will start on the [uses instead of] ' bench and souness said : ‘ the chances are good people will see barnes involved at some stage .

Jamie Redknapp , named Young Eagle of the Month yesterday , and Don Hutchison retain their midfield places with injury-plagued £2.3 million midfielder Paul Stewart among the substitutes .
jamie redknapp , named young eagle of the month yesterday , and don hutchison retain their midfield places with injury-plagued £2.3 million midfielder paul stewart among the [uses instead of] .

The last straw for Hysen came against Middlesbrough on Saturday when Limpar , who lost his place to 20-year-old Mark Flatts , was not even on the substitutes ' bench .
the last straw for hysen came against middlesbrough on saturday when limpar , who lost his place to 20-year-old mark flatts , was not even on the [uses instead of] ' bench .

Denmark , the country that likes to say no , ruffled more than a few egos when they said yes to becoming European Championship substitutes and drew with England in their opening game before going on to win the trophy .
denmark , the country that likes to say no , ruffled more than a few egos when they said yes to becoming european championship [uses instead of] and drew with england in their opening game before going on to win the trophy .

Reid , playing in a slightly changed side having dropped Michael Sheron to the substitutes ' bench , was unhappy about an earlier , seemingly accidental , challenge on Niall Quinn by Phil Whelan .
reid , playing in a slightly changed side having dropped michael sheron to the [uses instead of] ' bench , was unhappy about an earlier , seemingly accidental , challenge on niall quinn by phil whelan .

Mark Walters climbed off the substitutes ' bench to score Liverpool 's two goals in a frenetic closing 13 minutes .
mark walters climbed off the [uses instead of] ' bench to score liverpool 's two goals in a frenetic closing 13 minutes .

And although industrial and space robots are obvious potential applications areas for these retinas , so is their use alongside other remote sensing equipment in automated substitutes for guide dogs .
and although industrial and space robots are obvious potential applications areas for these retinas , so is their use alongside other remote sensing equipment in automated [uses instead of] for guide dogs .

The nurses were paid substitutes , like Sien , for the provision of care that a mother was supposed to give naturally .
the nurses were paid [uses instead of] , like sien , for the provision of care that a mother was supposed to give naturally .

Some discounted themselves by obvious self-mutilation , such as chopping off the top joint of a finger , while others managed to find substitutes by bribing members of the lower orders .
some discounted themselves by obvious self-mutilation , such as chopping off the top joint of a finger , while others managed to find [uses instead of] by bribing members of the lower orders .

But cheaper substitutes displaced henequen from the world fibre market .
but cheaper [uses instead of] displaced henequen from the world fibre market .

The ploy of inflating some molehills in order to provide manageable substitutes for the mountains you are busily ignoring also serves as an effective distraction .
the ploy of inflating some molehills in order to provide manageable [uses instead of] for the mountains you are busily ignoring also serves as an effective distraction .

No method substitutes for the skill and sensitivity of the class teacher in the group interaction basis of a classroom .
no method [uses instead of] for the skill and sensitivity of the class teacher in the group interaction basis of a classroom .

Technology provides trainer aids not trainer substitutes .
technology provides trainer aids not trainer [uses instead of] .

Most of their larger bombs were made of agricultural fertiliser ‘ mix ’ and similar substitutes .
most of their larger bombs were made of agricultural fertiliser ‘ mix ’ and similar [uses instead of] .

They accuse as witches those whom they hate and fear , and they do not readily accept substitutes .
they accuse as witches those whom they hate and fear , and they do not readily accept [uses instead of] .

The lover who substitutes technique for commitment .
the lover who [uses instead of] technique for commitment .

If they accept a contractual obligation to provide care , they may find that voluntary sector care increasingly substitutes for services which otherwise would have been provided by statutory agencies ; they will thus become mainstream rather than supplying supplemental , additional services .
if they accept a contractual obligation to provide care , they may find that voluntary sector care increasingly [uses instead of] for services which otherwise would have been provided by statutory agencies ; they will thus become mainstream rather than supplying supplemental , additional services .

Obsolescence may result from : change of fashion ( sanitary ware , windows etc. ) change of size ( metrication ) introduction of new and cheaper substitutes ( plastic )
obsolescence may result from : change of fashion ( sanitary ware , windows etc. ) change of size ( metrication ) introduction of new and cheaper [uses instead of] ( plastic )

You will notice on the printed sheet that Ashbone and Wallis of Twitchit are named as goalkeeper and centre-half for Dorning , and that the Saliki twins of Dorning are named as the Twitchit substitutes .
you will notice on the printed sheet that ashbone and wallis of twitchit are named as goalkeeper and centre-half for dorning , and that the saliki twins of dorning are named as the twitchit [uses instead of] .

Twitchit 's actual substitutes , Rose and Beef , are given as substitutes for Dorning .
twitchit 's actual [uses instead of] , rose and beef , are given as [uses instead of] for dorning .

Suppose two manufacturers produce goods which are partial substitutes , and ( for whatever reason ) competition in the market is through price .
suppose two manufacturers produce goods which are partial [uses instead of] , and ( for whatever reason ) competition in the market is through price .

If the goods are close substitutes , competition between them will drive price down near to marginal cost .
if the goods are close [uses instead of] , competition between them will drive price down near to marginal cost .

He needed allies , and with Bernice hopefully safely out of harm 's way with Rodomonte and his friends , these two young women were fine substitutes .
he needed allies , and with bernice hopefully safely out of harm 's way with rodomonte and his friends , these two young women were fine [uses instead of] .

Although slides and photos have been the traditional medium , and are widely accepted as substitutes for the landscape ( Shuttleworth , 1980b ) , Kreimer ( 1977 ) has also argued that they need to be put more fully into their context .
although slides and photos have been the traditional medium , and are widely accepted as [uses instead of] for the landscape ( shuttleworth , 1980b ) , kreimer ( 1977 ) has also argued that they need to be put more fully into their context .

This reflects the fact that with enough technological and/or organisational expertise , you can either greatly reduce the requirements for these inputs , find substitutes , or actually create them de novo .
this reflects the fact that with enough technological and/or organisational expertise , you can either greatly reduce the requirements for these inputs , find [uses instead of] , or actually create them de novo .

The level of concentration within a particular industry casts light on the competitiveness of the industry and hence on the scope for the exploitation of economic power ( though the globalisation of business and difficulties in specifying product markets , given the availability of substitutes , make the figures an uncertain guide ) .
the level of concentration within a particular industry casts light on the competitiveness of the industry and hence on the scope for the exploitation of economic power ( though the globalisation of business and difficulties in specifying product markets , given the availability of [uses instead of] , make the figures an uncertain guide ) .

Broadly speaking , for the more precise concept of revenue in the private sector firm the accountant substitutes the less precise , but more meaningful , concept of social opportunity cost — the social value forgone when the resources in question are moved away from alternative economic activities into the specific project .
broadly speaking , for the more precise concept of revenue in the private sector firm the accountant [uses instead of] the less precise , but more meaningful , concept of social opportunity cost — the social value forgone when the resources in question are moved away from alternative economic activities into the specific project .

For the profit of the firm , the accountant substitutes the excess benefit over cost , or some related concept used in an investment criterion .
for the profit of the firm , the accountant [uses instead of] the excess benefit over cost , or some related concept used in an investment criterion .

We are led to the conclusion that 11a is grammatically but not semantically deviant by the fact that substitutes for bake which normalise the sentence ( e.g .
we are led to the conclusion that 11a is grammatically but not semantically deviant by the fact that [uses instead of] for bake which normalise the sentence ( e.g .

The deviance of 11a is thus different from that of 9a : the substitutes for table in the latter which remove the anomaly can be distinctively characterised in semantic terms .
the deviance of 11a is thus different from that of 9a : the [uses instead of] for table in the latter which remove the anomaly can be distinctively characterised in semantic terms .

In this case it is clearer , because of the greater number of possibilities , that the substitutes for table which normalise the sentence ( lit , buffet , journal , balcon , etc . )
in this case it is clearer , because of the greater number of possibilities , that the [uses instead of] for table which normalise the sentence ( lit , buffet , journal , balcon , etc . )

An important one is that the possible substitutes for man ( preserving grammaticality , but not necessarily semantic normality ) are virtually identical in the two positions .
an important one is that the possible [uses instead of] for man ( preserving grammaticality , but not necessarily semantic normality ) are virtually identical in the two positions .

In principle for any word bearing an inflectional affix , it is possible to find contexts where all possible substitutes must contain either the same affix , or one belonging to the same closed set : consider the possible substitutes for walked in Cedric walked home , longer in Mine is longer than yours or books in those books .
in principle for any word bearing an inflectional affix , it is possible to find contexts where all possible [uses instead of] must contain either the same affix , or one belonging to the same closed set : consider the possible [uses instead of] for walked in cedric walked home , longer in mine is longer than yours or books in those books .

Conversely , he does not design a dresser like Mrs Barton 's , a genuine piece of working-class furniture , but substitutes a sideboard for a neat cottage ‘ in which there is not much room ’ ( Fig .
conversely , he does not design a dresser like mrs barton 's , a genuine piece of working-class furniture , but [uses instead of] a sideboard for a neat cottage ‘ in which there is not much room ’ ( fig .

The duty of these men was to run messages , superintend the gathering up of crews , and , after signing-on , escort the men to their ships , muster them on board , and provide any substitutes if required `` .
the duty of these men was to run messages , superintend the gathering up of crews , and , after signing-on , escort the men to their ships , muster them on board , and provide any [uses instead of] if required `` .

These findings suggest that fixed-term contract workers and agency workers are not always direct substitutes for one another ( in other words , that resort to one might be made for reasons very different than resort to the other ) .
these findings suggest that fixed-term contract workers and agency workers are not always direct [uses instead of] for one another ( in other words , that resort to one might be made for reasons very different than resort to the other ) .

Temporary workers and overtime working could be substitutes or complements ( albeit that overtime often permits a more immediate response and entails no recruitment training costs ) , and our case studies explore this issue in more detail .
temporary workers and overtime working could be [uses instead of] or complements ( albeit that overtime often permits a more immediate response and entails no recruitment training costs ) , and our case studies explore this issue in more detail .

In fact , we found that agency workers and part-time workers might to some extent be substitutes for one another , in that the higher the proportion of the work force that was part-time , the lower the likelihood that the establishment was using such temporary workers .
in fact , we found that agency workers and part-time workers might to some extent be [uses instead of] for one another , in that the higher the proportion of the work force that was part-time , the lower the likelihood that the establishment was using such temporary workers .

The substitutes must be able to express the purpose and significance of the originals , and must therefore be carefully chosen .
the [uses instead of] must be able to express the purpose and significance of the originals , and must therefore be carefully chosen .

The population of Madrid starved on bread substitutes .
the population of madrid starved on bread [uses instead of] .

Walrus tusks were essentially substitutes for ivory in territories remote from supplies of elephant tusks .
walrus tusks were essentially [uses instead of] for ivory in territories remote from supplies of elephant tusks .

Nicotine substitutes for hospital patients who smoke
nicotine [uses instead of] for hospital patients who smoke

While patients dependent on alcohol who suffer withdrawal are given sedation and heroine addicts receive opiate substitutes , only tobacco users are expected to go ‘ cold turkey ’ or leave their ward to smoke .
while patients dependent on alcohol who suffer withdrawal are given sedation and heroine addicts receive opiate [uses instead of] , only tobacco users are expected to go ‘ cold turkey ’ or leave their ward to smoke .

Some prefer dihydrocodeine , but this substitutes so poorly that large quantities may be needed , and it often leaves many prisoners suffering considerably .
some prefer dihydrocodeine , but this [uses instead of] so poorly that large quantities may be needed , and it often leaves many prisoners suffering considerably .

Thus , an anaphoric element such as a pronoun is treated as a word which substitutes for , or refers back to , another word or words .
thus , an anaphoric element such as a pronoun is treated as a word which [uses instead of] for , or refers back to , another word or words .

And in Part Four of ‘ The Dalek Invasion of Earth ’ the back view of ‘ actor 's double ’ Edmund Warwick substitutes for William Hartnell 's presence in that episode .
and in part four of ‘ the dalek invasion of earth ’ the back view of ‘ actor 's double ’ edmund warwick [uses instead of] for william hartnell 's presence in that episode .

The fashion for exotic locations thrived during the early sixties , but has diminished as economic realism and improvements in studio techniques have respectively discouraged the wilder flights of fancy and provided generally acceptable substitutes .
the fashion for exotic locations thrived during the early sixties , but has diminished as economic realism and improvements in studio techniques have respectively discouraged the wilder flights of fancy and provided generally acceptable [uses instead of] .

6th : Substitutes for meat .
6th : [uses instead of] for meat .

Providing oral substitutes such as Methadone perpetuates rather than reduces the addictive disease and all its attendant risks .
providing oral [uses instead of] such as methadone perpetuates rather than reduces the addictive disease and all its attendant risks .

Furthermore , there are significant flaws in the use of such substitutes as Methadone : sufferers from addictive disease will commonly use other drugs including intravenous drugs in addition to their oral Methadone and when they do finally want to end their suffering and come off drugs altogether they commonly find that it is far harder to come off Methadone that to come off heroin .
furthermore , there are significant flaws in the use of such [uses instead of] as methadone : sufferers from addictive disease will commonly use other drugs including intravenous drugs in addition to their oral methadone and when they do finally want to end their suffering and come off drugs altogether they commonly find that it is far harder to come off methadone that to come off heroin .

The other two factors are the degree to which it is easy to enter the industry or market , and the degree to which there are substitutes for the products .
the other two factors are the degree to which it is easy to enter the industry or market , and the degree to which there are [uses instead of] for the products .

As a result , policy and resources committee proceedings have in many authorities become either duplicates of , or substitutes for , the work of the full council and the function of policy co-ordination has shifted to the party political groups , or to the chief executive and management team , or … both ' ( Alexander , 1982a , p. 91 ) .
as a result , policy and resources committee proceedings have in many authorities become either duplicates of , or [uses instead of] for , the work of the full council and the function of policy co-ordination has shifted to the party political groups , or to the chief executive and management team , or … both ' ( alexander , 1982a , p. 91 ) .

The worker trades ( or substitutes ) one for the other until he or she is satisfied with the mix .
the worker trades ( or [uses instead of] ) one for the other until he or she is satisfied with the mix .

Chile and Argentina were both offered barter deals , involving the exchange of Chilean nitrates ( demand for which had recently collapsed because of German development of synthetic substitutes ) and Argentine agricultural products for Soviet crude oil , along with assistance in the setting up of their own national refineries .
chile and argentina were both offered barter deals , involving the exchange of chilean nitrates ( demand for which had recently collapsed because of german development of synthetic [uses instead of] ) and argentine agricultural products for soviet crude oil , along with assistance in the setting up of their own national refineries .

Where these are lacking he readily substitutes rumours , conjecture and legend , as well as his own hypotheses .
where these are lacking he readily [uses instead of] rumours , conjecture and legend , as well as his own hypotheses .

When he arrives at his destination he can not rely upon finding effective substitutes not merely for the luxuries , but for the common necessaries , which he may have left behind .
when he arrives at his destination he can not rely upon finding effective [uses instead of] not merely for the luxuries , but for the common necessaries , which he may have left behind .

Peat-based products that are not from SSSIs will continue to be stocked , but according to a spokeswoman the move is a part of an overall shift away from peat to substitutes . ``
peat-based products that are not from sssis will continue to be stocked , but according to a spokeswoman the move is a part of an overall shift away from peat to [uses instead of] . ``

The report also gives a strong warning about the wisdom of the use of hydrochlorofluorocarbons ( HCFCs ) as substitutes for CFCs .
the report also gives a strong warning about the wisdom of the use of hydrochlorofluorocarbons ( hcfcs ) as [uses instead of] for cfcs .

Both of the proposed substitutes , hydrochloroflourocarbons ( HCFCs ) and hydrofluorocarbons ( HFCs ) cause global warming as well as damaging the ozone layer when released into the atmosphere .
both of the proposed [uses instead of] , hydrochloroflourocarbons ( hcfcs ) and hydrofluorocarbons ( hfcs ) cause global warming as well as damaging the ozone layer when released into the atmosphere .

But the German research shows that the five controlled CFCs along with eight similar compounds — some of which have been suggested as non-ozone-damaging substitutes for the controlled CFCs — are important greenhouse gases .
but the german research shows that the five controlled cfcs along with eight similar compounds — some of which have been suggested as non-ozone-damaging [uses instead of] for the controlled cfcs — are important greenhouse gases .

Nuclear power and hydropower — controversial because of their adverse impacts on the environment despite the fact that they do not produce significant quantities of greenhouse gases — are also recommended as substitutes for fossil fuels .
nuclear power and hydropower — controversial because of their adverse impacts on the environment despite the fact that they do not produce significant quantities of greenhouse gases — are also recommended as [uses instead of] for fossil fuels .

Both sides were translating foreign affairs into domestic battles and acting out the conflicts between classes and parties through the use of international substitutes .
both sides were translating foreign affairs into domestic battles and acting out the conflicts between classes and parties through the use of international [uses instead of] .

The everyday experience of The Scotch Whisky Association and its member companies , testifies to the fact that different beverage categories are substitutes for each other and that different excise duty treatment depresses the market share of spirits and increases the market share of wine and beer .
the everyday experience of the scotch whisky association and its member companies , testifies to the fact that different beverage categories are [uses instead of] for each other and that different excise duty treatment depresses the market share of spirits and increases the market share of wine and beer .

Gordon Strachan 's return after injury left no place for Rocastle who was not even named among the substitutes .
gordon strachan 's return after injury left no place for rocastle who was not even named among the [uses instead of] .

The disagreement here is over the substitutability of assets . Are other assets a close substitute for money ? Are non-money assets such as stocks and shares , bonds and property close substitutes for each other ?
the disagreement here is over the substitutability of assets . are other assets a close substitute for money ? are non-money assets such as stocks and shares , bonds and property close [uses instead of] for each other ?

Keynesians argue that money and financial assets are relatively close substitutes for each other .
keynesians argue that money and financial assets are relatively close [uses instead of] for each other .

Physical goods , by contrast , are not seen by Keynesians as being close substitutes for financial assets ( and certainly not for money ) .
physical goods , by contrast , are not seen by keynesians as being close [uses instead of] for financial assets ( and certainly not for money ) .

The minister estimated that over 50,000 million roubles will be required to undertake research , set up experimental sites to produce substitutes for ozone-depleting chemicals and convert existing production sites .
the minister estimated that over 50,000 million roubles will be required to undertake research , set up experimental sites to produce [uses instead of] for ozone-depleting chemicals and convert existing production sites .

The programme is divided into three phases : in 1992-94 , it will focus on developing substitutes for chlorofluorocarbons ( CFCs ) ; in 1995-97 , it will concentrate on cleaning up sewage and industrial waste water , and cleaning up sulphur emissions from power stations ; in the final phase , 1998-2001 , waste incineration and cutbacks on carbon dioxide emissions have priority .
the programme is divided into three phases : in 1992-94 , it will focus on developing [uses instead of] for chlorofluorocarbons ( cfcs ) ; in 1995-97 , it will concentrate on cleaning up sewage and industrial waste water , and cleaning up sulphur emissions from power stations ; in the final phase , 1998-2001 , waste incineration and cutbacks on carbon dioxide emissions have priority .

Thus Tamar , the widow of Judah 's son , substitutes for her widow 's dress a prostitute 's veil .
thus tamar , the widow of judah 's son , [uses instead of] for her widow 's dress a prostitute 's veil .

The discovery of chemical substitutes led to the founding of a dyestuffs industry and helped the mills develop into extended factory production , gradually mechanizing processes which had hitherto been done by outworkers in their own homes .
the discovery of chemical [uses instead of] led to the founding of a dyestuffs industry and helped the mills develop into extended factory production , gradually mechanizing processes which had hitherto been done by outworkers in their own homes .

Having tried ‘ rain ’ ( because a noun is called for ) she presumably sees the terminal ‘ s ’ and substitutes ‘ runs ’ ; and is then forced ( again by syntactical constraints ) to misread ‘ of as ‘ to ’ .
having tried ‘ rain ’ ( because a noun is called for ) she presumably sees the terminal ‘ s ’ and [uses instead of] ‘ runs ’ ; and is then forced ( again by syntactical constraints ) to misread ‘ of as ‘ to ’ .

Most of the anti-Baldwin rebels looked to him as their natural leader , and he was unanxious to alienate their support , which , wherever lie showed signs of excessive caution or loyalty , began to move towards substitutes .
most of the anti-baldwin rebels looked to him as their natural leader , and he was unanxious to alienate their support , which , wherever lie showed signs of excessive caution or loyalty , began to move towards [uses instead of] .

The use of penile substitutes ( dildoes or `` prosthetic penises `` ) is not unusual although far from invariable among homosexual women .
the use of penile [uses instead of] ( dildoes or `` prosthetic penises `` ) is not unusual although far from invariable among homosexual women .

Clearly such references are not merely longwinded substitutes for a name : they draw attention now to this , now to that aspect of the same person , and so build up a many-sided picture of each character .
clearly such references are not merely longwinded [uses instead of] for a name : they draw attention now to this , now to that aspect of the same person , and so build up a many-sided picture of each character .

Players 12 and 14 are the substitutes ( 13 's unlucky ! )
players 12 and 14 are the [uses instead of] ( 13 's unlucky ! )

Substitutes — One or two are allowed .
[uses instead of] — one or two are allowed .

Pakistan fielded three substitutes as England began their tantalising chase against the three Ws : Wasim , Waqar and the weather , which remained changeable .
pakistan fielded three [uses instead of] as england began their tantalising chase against the three ws : wasim , waqar and the weather , which remained changeable .

They oppose with greater or lesser emphasis any ‘ objective ’ substitutes for mens rea , especially the reasonable man , though intoxication is treated as an exception .
they oppose with greater or lesser emphasis any ‘ objective ’ [uses instead of] for mens rea , especially the reasonable man , though intoxication is treated as an exception .

We might add to these , government powers affecting substitutes and complements and direct subsidizing of activities .
we might add to these , government powers affecting [uses instead of] and complements and direct subsidizing of activities .

Specifically , the products may be gross substitutes in demand : increased sales of one will detract from sales of the other .
specifically , the products may be gross [uses instead of] in demand : increased sales of one will detract from sales of the other .

substitutes a single law for a proliferation of national laws and thus within the given field dispenses with the need to resort to conflict-of-laws rules and the opportunity these give for forum shopping ;
[uses instead of] a single law for a proliferation of national laws and thus within the given field dispenses with the need to resort to conflict-of-laws rules and the opportunity these give for forum shopping ;

The effect of Lenin 's strategy , he warned , would be that the party substitutes itself for the class , ‘ the party organization substitutes itself for the party , the Central Committee substitutes itself for the organization and , finally , a ‘ dictator ’ substitutes himself for the Central Committee ’ .
the effect of lenin 's strategy , he warned , would be that the party [uses instead of] itself for the class , ‘ the party organization [uses instead of] itself for the party , the central committee [uses instead of] itself for the organization and , finally , a ‘ dictator ’ [uses instead of] himself for the central committee ’ .

So movement neither substitutes for spatial information nor disrupts it .
so movement neither [uses instead of] for spatial information nor disrupts it .

Such a diet is complex and depends on the use of manufactured substitutes for many natural foods ( meat , fish , eggs , nuts , dairy products , bread , cakes ) ( see figure ) .
such a diet is complex and depends on the use of manufactured [uses instead of] for many natural foods ( meat , fish , eggs , nuts , dairy products , bread , cakes ) ( see figure ) .

Bread and mild substitutes and amino acid supplement ( 10 mg as paste with mineral and vitamins added ) are virtually phenylalanine free and prescribable for phenylketonuria
bread and mild [uses instead of] and amino acid supplement ( 10 mg as paste with mineral and vitamins added ) are virtually phenylalanine free and prescribable for phenylketonuria

The system of the citizens filling offices by random rotation , and of having the right to take part in the assembly , meant that Athens between , say 462 and 322 , came as near as any community ever has to achieving the democratic ideal of government by the people themselves , through citizen participation , rather than the modern substitutes of representation or even delegation .
the system of the citizens filling offices by random rotation , and of having the right to take part in the assembly , meant that athens between , say 462 and 322 , came as near as any community ever has to achieving the democratic ideal of government by the people themselves , through citizen participation , rather than the modern [uses instead of] of representation or even delegation .

The Local Government and Housing Act 1989 enacts this Provision though it substitutes 208 hours for twenty-six days and exempts employees who are elected to the chair of councils ( Clause 10 ) .
the local government and housing act 1989 enacts this provision though it [uses instead of] 208 hours for twenty-six days and exempts employees who are elected to the chair of councils ( clause 10 ) .

Singleton warns that audiences should accept no substitutes .
singleton warns that audiences should accept no [uses instead of] .

The new paperback version of the Bible substitutes a high-rise building for the word ‘ holy ’ , leaving John Knox to turn in his grave at this testament to the Tower of Babel .
the new paperback version of the bible [uses instead of] a high-rise building for the word ‘ holy ’ , leaving john knox to turn in his grave at this testament to the tower of babel .

Isabelle Jan surmised that the lack of ‘ the essential emotional outlet of erotic passion ’ in children 's literature led to ‘ more or less disguised and distorted substitutes for adult love ’ but goes on to point out that passionate feeling can be , and is , expressed strongly in family relationships .
isabelle jan surmised that the lack of ‘ the essential emotional outlet of erotic passion ’ in children 's literature led to ‘ more or less disguised and distorted [uses instead of] for adult love ’ but goes on to point out that passionate feeling can be , and is , expressed strongly in family relationships .

’ He refines his argument in the light of evidence that nowadays the demand curve for a company 's stock is extremely elastic : ‘ [ t ] hus even large purchases of stock will not necessarily have an immediate and noticeable effect on its price since other stocks are seen as perfect substitutes .
’ he refines his argument in the light of evidence that nowadays the demand curve for a company 's stock is extremely elastic : ‘ [ t ] hus even large purchases of stock will not necessarily have an immediate and noticeable effect on its price since other stocks are seen as perfect [uses instead of] .

Of course the effect on the domestic price level will be influenced by the importance of imports in the home economy and by the ability of domestic industry to provide substitutes for the higher-priced imports .
of course the effect on the domestic price level will be influenced by the importance of imports in the home economy and by the ability of domestic industry to provide [uses instead of] for the higher-priced imports .

Now the holder of speculative balances not only has to consider the yield on close substitutes such as bonds , but he also has to take into account any prospective capital gains or losses which may accrue when buying the bond .
now the holder of speculative balances not only has to consider the yield on close [uses instead of] such as bonds , but he also has to take into account any prospective capital gains or losses which may accrue when buying the bond .

The Keynesians would therefore expect a close relationship between the demand for money and the yield ( rate of interest ) on near-money substitutes , but the monetarist would not expect a significant relationship because of the belief that money is a substitute for all assets alike .
the keynesians would therefore expect a close relationship between the demand for money and the yield ( rate of interest ) on near-money [uses instead of] , but the monetarist would not expect a significant relationship because of the belief that money is a substitute for all assets alike .

The empirical evidence does suggest that there is a definite relationship between the demand for money and the interest rate on near-money substitutes , but it is not as strong as the Keynesian theory suggests .
the empirical evidence does suggest that there is a definite relationship between the demand for money and the interest rate on near-money [uses instead of] , but it is not as strong as the keynesian theory suggests .

It is first necessary to recognize that some financial assets are closer substitutes for money than other financial assets , and so are the more likely to be immediately affected by a change in the money supply .
it is first necessary to recognize that some financial assets are closer [uses instead of] for money than other financial assets , and so are the more likely to be immediately affected by a change in the money supply .

Other economic transactors are now assumed to compare the declining yield on bills with the ( now relatively higher ) yield on close substitutes such as short-dated bonds .
other economic transactors are now assumed to compare the declining yield on bills with the ( now relatively higher ) yield on close [uses instead of] such as short-dated bonds .

At each stage , yields will fall as economic transactors adjust to the ‘ disturbance ’ through the purchase of close substitutes .
at each stage , yields will fall as economic transactors adjust to the ‘ disturbance ’ through the purchase of close [uses instead of] .

It should be realized that this change of tactics in the gilt-edged market is consistent with the objective of greater competitiveness since it allowed greater freedom for market forces to determine prices , and therefore yields , on government stock and close substitutes .
it should be realized that this change of tactics in the gilt-edged market is consistent with the objective of greater competitiveness since it allowed greater freedom for market forces to determine prices , and therefore yields , on government stock and close [uses instead of] .

Not only can various parts of the body be erogenous zones , but other objects can become symbolic substitutes for the genitals , such as a shoe .
not only can various parts of the body be erogenous zones , but other objects can become symbolic [uses instead of] for the genitals , such as a shoe .

Freud uses these two specific examples to suggest that psychoanalysis has shown that , in these cases , the animals or birds are being treated as substitutes for a parent , and the ambivalent feelings towards the animal reflect the feelings of the child towards the father — love and fear .
freud uses these two specific examples to suggest that psychoanalysis has shown that , in these cases , the animals or birds are being treated as [uses instead of] for a parent , and the ambivalent feelings towards the animal reflect the feelings of the child towards the father — love and fear .

On Freud 's theory , after the killing of the father , the brothers , filled with guilt and remorse , set up totemic animals as father substitutes to allay these feelings .
on freud 's theory , after the killing of the father , the brothers , filled with guilt and remorse , set up totemic animals as father [uses instead of] to allay these feelings .

So the welcome opportunity to name the same line-up and two substitutes gives the City boss hope against a side one point and two places beneath them , but with two games in hand .
so the welcome opportunity to name the same line-up and two [uses instead of] gives the city boss hope against a side one point and two places beneath them , but with two games in hand .

‘ We think these blackbirds must have lost their brood and taken on the bluetit chicks as substitutes . ’
‘ we think these blackbirds must have lost their brood and taken on the bluetit chicks as [uses instead of] . ’

Many dead trees have been removed and no substitutes planted which makes the area more prone to soil erosion .
many dead trees have been removed and no [uses instead of] planted which makes the area more prone to soil erosion .

The fact that mammals have , by and large , relatively bigger brains and higher intelligence than most reptiles already points towards the evolutionary trend which reaches its culmination in man and which substitutes elaborated patterns of learned and intelligent behaviour for simple instinctual response with automatic , stereotyped actions .
the fact that mammals have , by and large , relatively bigger brains and higher intelligence than most reptiles already points towards the evolutionary trend which reaches its culmination in man and which [uses instead of] elaborated patterns of learned and intelligent behaviour for simple instinctual response with automatic , stereotyped actions .

In response to the first Nescafe Boycott , Nestle agreed to abide by the WHO/Unicef International Code of Marketing of Breast Milk Substitutes .
in response to the first nescafe boycott , nestle agreed to abide by the who/unicef international code of marketing of breast milk [uses instead of] .

No excuses or substitutes will be accepted and Mrs Thatcher herself will open and close proceedings .
no excuses or [uses instead of] will be accepted and mrs thatcher herself will open and close proceedings .

whether there are institutional substitutes for them ( eg .
whether there are institutional [uses instead of] for them ( eg .

Can the ( relatively small ) deviations from uncovered interest parity — the implication of Rational Expectations in a world where international assets are perfect substitutes — be explained primarily by variations in risk premia ?
can the ( relatively small ) deviations from uncovered interest parity — the implication of rational expectations in a world where international assets are perfect [uses instead of] — be explained primarily by variations in risk premia ?

Aidan McAteer is listed among the substitutes , but will line out in the left corner of the attack providing he comes through a late fitness test .
aidan mcateer is listed among the [uses instead of] , but will line out in the left corner of the attack providing he comes through a late fitness test .

If financial assets were perfect substitutes for one another , the yields on each would be identical .
if financial assets were perfect [uses instead of] for one another , the yields on each would be identical .

Assets are imperfect substitutes because they possess different characteristics with respect to liquidity , marketability and profitability .
assets are imperfect [uses instead of] because they possess different characteristics with respect to liquidity , marketability and profitability .

Even substitutes who do n't get on get £2,000 .
even [uses instead of] who do n't get on get £2,000 .

State authorities attempting to regulate youth culture are seen as little more than parent substitutes .
state authorities attempting to regulate youth culture are seen as little more than parent [uses instead of] .

But this does not stop people instinctively protecting themselves and kin substitutes .
but this does not stop people instinctively protecting themselves and kin [uses instead of] .

But the West has manufactured substitutes and commodity prices have crashed — making it increasingly hard for Third World countries to earn enough to repay their debts .
but the west has manufactured [uses instead of] and commodity prices have crashed — making it increasingly hard for third world countries to earn enough to repay their debts .

Dealers take account of the areas sown with each kind of grain , of the forwardness and weight of the crops , of the supply of things which can be used as substitutes for grain , and of the things for which grain can be used as a substitute .
dealers take account of the areas sown with each kind of grain , of the forwardness and weight of the crops , of the supply of things which can be used as [uses instead of] for grain , and of the things for which grain can be used as a substitute .

Thus , when buying or selling barley , they take account of the supplies of such things as sugar , which can be used as substitutes for it in brewing , and again of all the various feeding stuffs , a scarcity of which might raise the value of barley for consumption on the farm .
thus , when buying or selling barley , they take account of the supplies of such things as sugar , which can be used as [uses instead of] for it in brewing , and again of all the various feeding stuffs , a scarcity of which might raise the value of barley for consumption on the farm .

And further on we shall see how in a somewhat similar way society substitutes one undertaker for another who is less efficient in proportion to his charges .
and further on we shall see how in a somewhat similar way society [uses instead of] one undertaker for another who is less efficient in proportion to his charges .

[ the mark-up ] is kept down to modest size by the existence of many independent firms within the corporate sector ; by the availability , elsewhere in the corporate sector , of reasonably close substitutes for the products of any one firm ; and by the perennial threat of new entry into any field in which the monopoly mark-up is large . [ 1962 , p. 239 ]
[ the mark-up ] is kept down to modest size by the existence of many independent firms within the corporate sector ; by the availability , elsewhere in the corporate sector , of reasonably close [uses instead of] for the products of any one firm ; and by the perennial threat of new entry into any field in which the monopoly mark-up is large . [ 1962 , p. 239 ]

Thus where p = 1 , the goods are perfect substitutes , but where p < 1 , diversity is valued .
thus where p = 1 , the goods are perfect [uses instead of] , but where p < 1 , diversity is valued .

From the individual 's point of view , bonds and equities are assumed to be perfect substitutes .
from the individual 's point of view , bonds and equities are assumed to be perfect [uses instead of] .

In fact , Lucas actually substitutes for from equation ( 6.4 ) and estimates the following regression for each country :
in fact , lucas actually [uses instead of] for from equation ( 6.4 ) and estimates the following regression for each country :

For example , treasury bill finance has the effect of creating extremely liquid assets which are very close substitutes for money .
for example , treasury bill finance has the effect of creating extremely liquid assets which are very close [uses instead of] for money .

None the less , they are in some degree substitutes .
none the less , they are in some degree [uses instead of] .

What is being alleged here is that NBFIs create assets which are in some close measure substitutes for money and which have their own advantages , interest perhaps or long-term capital gain , which money does not have .
what is being alleged here is that nbfis create assets which are in some close measure [uses instead of] for money and which have their own advantages , interest perhaps or long-term capital gain , which money does not have .

This being the case , people will feel able to hold smaller money balances in relation to their planned spending than would have been the case without such substitutes .
this being the case , people will feel able to hold smaller money balances in relation to their planned spending than would have been the case without such [uses instead of] .

Formal risk assessment and evaluation methods should be used as aids to judgement , not as substitutes for it .
formal risk assessment and evaluation methods should be used as aids to judgement , not as [uses instead of] for it .

In cases such as this substitutes to this ideal are used , such as electoral registers , lists of households , etc .
in cases such as this [uses instead of] to this ideal are used , such as electoral registers , lists of households , etc .

In addition the information society substitutes brain for brawn : 70 per cent of its jobs require intellectual skills and at least half of them require a professional qualification or education to degree standard .
in addition the information society [uses instead of] brain for brawn : 70 per cent of its jobs require intellectual skills and at least half of them require a professional qualification or education to degree standard .

The 1989 version substitutes `` personal harm `` for `` injury `` ( cll .
the 1989 version [uses instead of] `` personal harm `` for `` injury `` ( cll .

Fixity of exchange rates and complete freedom of capital movements between the two countries have not resulted in the guilder and the mark becoming perfect substitutes .
fixity of exchange rates and complete freedom of capital movements between the two countries have not resulted in the guilder and the mark becoming perfect [uses instead of] .

Pearcy ( 1974 ) investigated the functional contrasts between explicit marked language or its detailed figurative substitutes and euphemistic language , and interpreted the results in terms of the nominalist–realist opposition in medieval philosophy .
pearcy ( 1974 ) investigated the functional contrasts between explicit marked language or its detailed figurative [uses instead of] and euphemistic language , and interpreted the results in terms of the nominalist–realist opposition in medieval philosophy .

These are sometimes used as substitutes for oxide glasses in , for example , aircraft windows .
these are sometimes used as [uses instead of] for oxide glasses in , for example , aircraft windows .

’ He and Sessions , in their different ways , have found entertaining , imaginative substitutes , but , elsewhere , you 're all too aware of what 's missing .
’ he and sessions , in their different ways , have found entertaining , imaginative [uses instead of] , but , elsewhere , you 're all too aware of what 's missing .

But substitutes for parts of the saint 's body would be found no less efficacious in guaranteeing his or her presence .
but [uses instead of] for parts of the saint 's body would be found no less efficacious in guaranteeing his or her presence .

For some things you may find it difficult to see how to improve on them or you will not be able to think of suitable substitutes .
for some things you may find it difficult to see how to improve on them or you will not be able to think of suitable [uses instead of] .

The Cambridge substitutes , Paul Raynor and Steve Claridge , combined to set up the opening goal after 64 minutes for Mike Norbury .
the cambridge [uses instead of] , paul raynor and steve claridge , combined to set up the opening goal after 64 minutes for mike norbury .

Having already lost Sheasby ( ankle ) , Quins began the second half with substitutes Greene and Goodwin pressed into action — and the complexion of the game changed .
having already lost sheasby ( ankle ) , quins began the second half with [uses instead of] greene and goodwin pressed into action — and the complexion of the game changed .

Swinton centre Steve Snape leapt from the sin bin to join a brawl five minutes from time — and this time was sent off — as substitutes and ground marshals joined the referee and touch judges in trying to regain order and enable Wakefield Trinity to complete their 44–8 victory .
swinton centre steve snape leapt from the sin bin to join a brawl five minutes from time — and this time was sent off — as [uses instead of] and ground marshals joined the referee and touch judges in trying to regain order and enable wakefield trinity to complete their 44–8 victory .

Following Gassendi and Boyle , he rejects the forms of the scholastics as explanations of why material things have the properties they do , and substitutes instead an adapted Epicurean atomism as the basis for explanation .
following gassendi and boyle , he rejects the forms of the scholastics as explanations of why material things have the properties they do , and [uses instead of] instead an adapted epicurean atomism as the basis for explanation .

Thus , the ozone layer can be saved only if there are substitutes for CFCs which enable manufacturers to continue making refrigerators .
thus , the ozone layer can be saved only if there are [uses instead of] for cfcs which enable manufacturers to continue making refrigerators .

In more and more instruments , the law of one price is free to apply : close financial substitutes are allowed to be swapped for one another , so trading ( arbitrage , in the argot ) can ensure that they fetch the same price .
in more and more instruments , the law of one price is free to apply : close financial [uses instead of] are allowed to be swapped for one another , so trading ( arbitrage , in the argot ) can ensure that they fetch the same price .

French ministers must give up their seats to substitutes , who then have to wait a month before they may vote .
french ministers must give up their seats to [uses instead of] , who then have to wait a month before they may vote .

The six former Socialist deputies dropped from the government — including Mr Rocard — can not automatically reclaim their seats but , having persuaded their substitutes to stand down , must win a by-election .
the six former socialist deputies dropped from the government — including mr rocard — can not automatically reclaim their seats but , having persuaded their [uses instead of] to stand down , must win a by-election .

Part of the proceeds of a Credit is transferred to a second beneficiary ( or to more than one second beneficiary ) who presents his documents to the advising bank whereupon the first beneficiary substitutes his invoices and claims a larger amount thus ensuring he receives his share of the proceeds .
part of the proceeds of a credit is transferred to a second beneficiary ( or to more than one second beneficiary ) who presents his documents to the advising bank whereupon the first beneficiary [uses instead of] his invoices and claims a larger amount thus ensuring he receives his share of the proceeds .

Stimulants in the form of pills are unnecessary ; coffee , fresh air , and light exercise are effective substitutes .
stimulants in the form of pills are unnecessary ; coffee , fresh air , and light exercise are effective [uses instead of] .

The actress Jane Asher , author of books on really sticky cakes , asked the audience to boycott Nescafe when she accepted the consumer section award on behalf of the Baby Milk Action Coalition , which has criticised the Swiss giant for selling milk substitutes to third world babes .
the actress jane asher , author of books on really sticky cakes , asked the audience to boycott nescafe when she accepted the consumer section award on behalf of the baby milk action coalition , which has criticised the swiss giant for selling milk [uses instead of] to third world babes .

In a world that substitutes power for relationships , lust for love and magic for the true love of God , we will always have to fight to express the truth of what it means to be truly human .
in a world that [uses instead of] power for relationships , lust for love and magic for the true love of god , we will always have to fight to express the truth of what it means to be truly human .

There are few substitutes for a firm , measured article in the national press , drawing attention to the historical interest of a threatened place .
there are few [uses instead of] for a firm , measured article in the national press , drawing attention to the historical interest of a threatened place .

Many compounds , more or less related to morphine , have been prepared and tested , and a substantial list of alternative drugs provides possible substitutes with merits for particular purposes .
many compounds , more or less related to morphine , have been prepared and tested , and a substantial list of alternative drugs provides possible [uses instead of] with merits for particular purposes .

They will identify and ‘ think through ’ the issues — or rather do the market analysis that substitutes for political thought — and create the slogans and policies in terms of the conditioned reflexes of the electorate which can be controlled by political advertising on the issues .
they will identify and ‘ think through ’ the issues — or rather do the market analysis that [uses instead of] for political thought — and create the slogans and policies in terms of the conditioned reflexes of the electorate which can be controlled by political advertising on the issues .

Her way of supporting Greenpeace 's campaign to save the whale was to demonstrate that there are always substitutes to be found in nature and that there is no commercial excuse for hunting an endangered species out of existence .
her way of supporting greenpeace 's campaign to save the whale was to demonstrate that there are always [uses instead of] to be found in nature and that there is no commercial excuse for hunting an endangered species out of existence .

There may be compensations for a loss of freedom but there are no substitutes for it .
there may be compensations for a loss of freedom but there are no [uses instead of] for it .

Oil is the most versatile , flexible and valuable of the primary fuels and part of the process of improved use of energy over the past decade has been for users to switch to other fuels to generate heat , thus saving oil for the transportation and speciality uses for which there are no cost effective substitutes .
oil is the most versatile , flexible and valuable of the primary fuels and part of the process of improved use of energy over the past decade has been for users to switch to other fuels to generate heat , thus saving oil for the transportation and speciality uses for which there are no cost effective [uses instead of] .

Worse , Barry Dowd , injured in attempting a final tackle , joined Eyres in the casualty room , as Widnes were forced to field both their inexperienced Welsh substitutes before half-time .
worse , barry dowd , injured in attempting a final tackle , joined eyres in the casualty room , as widnes were forced to field both their inexperienced welsh [uses instead of] before half-time .

British and Australian substitutes for burgundy began to give place to the real thing .
british and australian [uses instead of] for burgundy began to give place to the real thing .

Coughs and colds and minor ailments began to seem poor substitutes for the wounds everybody had been expecting when the bombs fell .
coughs and colds and minor ailments began to seem poor [uses instead of] for the wounds everybody had been expecting when the bombs fell .

We can see how family memory is socially shaped , and also the willingness to incorporate substitutes , not always related in any way , for absent grandparents .
we can see how family memory is socially shaped , and also the willingness to incorporate [uses instead of] , not always related in any way , for absent grandparents .

Spurs also used both their substitutes .
spurs also used both their [uses instead of] .

The leather baggage and glass cosmetic pots of the day were too heavy to take on the plane but she managed to find lighter substitutes and so became a pioneer of lightweight luggage , as well as a pioneer female passenger .
the leather baggage and glass cosmetic pots of the day were too heavy to take on the plane but she managed to find lighter [uses instead of] and so became a pioneer of lightweight luggage , as well as a pioneer female passenger .

Supposing the sentence read : ‘ It is also argued that it is inconsistent with human dignity that a man should use his muscles as a crane for transporting someone else 's goods ’ ; or ‘ that a woman should use her vocal cords for the delectation of others ’ ; or ‘ that a person should use his or her brain to work out someone else 's income tax ’ — would these substitutes carry convictions ?
supposing the sentence read : ‘ it is also argued that it is inconsistent with human dignity that a man should use his muscles as a crane for transporting someone else 's goods ’ ; or ‘ that a woman should use her vocal cords for the delectation of others ’ ; or ‘ that a person should use his or her brain to work out someone else 's income tax ’ — would these [uses instead of] carry convictions ?

Since the last World War , food in Britain has undergone a remarkable revolution — new foods , new processes , new substitutes for food , new markets , new means of transportation .
since the last world war , food in britain has undergone a remarkable revolution — new foods , new processes , new [uses instead of] for food , new markets , new means of transportation .

Material objects may become temporary substitutes for important relationships , like the mauled soft toy or ragged piece of blanket in childhood , but it is only when relationships with ‘ things ’ rather than people become an established pattern for ‘ shutting out ’ that there is cause for concern .
material objects may become temporary [uses instead of] for important relationships , like the mauled soft toy or ragged piece of blanket in childhood , but it is only when relationships with ‘ things ’ rather than people become an established pattern for ‘ shutting out ’ that there is cause for concern .

To illustrate this , consider the case of a pure monopolist , the sole producer of a good for which there are no close substitutes .
to illustrate this , consider the case of a pure monopolist , the sole producer of a good for which there are no close [uses instead of] .

They may not have information about users ' success ( or lack of it ) in searching for particular books , or for books on particular subjects , or the extent to which users locate substitutes for their original choices , or the extent to which users browse or take up materials on impulse , or the manner in which impulse choices are taken up .
they may not have information about users ' success ( or lack of it ) in searching for particular books , or for books on particular subjects , or the extent to which users locate [uses instead of] for their original choices , or the extent to which users browse or take up materials on impulse , or the manner in which impulse choices are taken up .

The situation is that Gaius Seius becomes heir to a half , and Mucius and Maevius to the other half : the logic of the problem makes clear that they are substitutes ( both pupillary and vulgar ) for the half originally destined for the children ; and since Gaius Seius has not been disinherited his entitlement still stands , as the text confirms .
the situation is that gaius seius becomes heir to a half , and mucius and maevius to the other half : the logic of the problem makes clear that they are [uses instead of] ( both pupillary and vulgar ) for the half originally destined for the children ; and since gaius seius has not been disinherited his entitlement still stands , as the text confirms .

Marcellus says the condition on the manumission is not to be taken to be repeated in the case of the substitutes .
marcellus says the condition on the manumission is not to be taken to be repeated in the case of the [uses instead of] .

The reason why this specific condition is not regarded as repeated is that it is incompatible with the condition to which the substitution is subject : the substitutes are to be admitted if no children are born to the testator or if any born die before puberty , whereas the manumission is subject to the condition that there are children who are still alive at puberty .
the reason why this specific condition is not regarded as repeated is that it is incompatible with the condition to which the substitution is subject : the [uses instead of] are to be admitted if no children are born to the testator or if any born die before puberty , whereas the manumission is subject to the condition that there are children who are still alive at puberty .

Clearly if the substitutes are entitled to enter then the condition on the manumission can never be satisfied .
clearly if the [uses instead of] are entitled to enter then the condition on the manumission can never be satisfied .

Consequently , since the substitutes too are expected to play a role in the manumission ( owing to the general clause ) , it is reasonable to assume that the testator did not intend it to apply to their case too .
consequently , since the [uses instead of] too are expected to play a role in the manumission ( owing to the general clause ) , it is reasonable to assume that the testator did not intend it to apply to their case too .

The point of the trust clause here is to provide that substitutes should be liable for exactly the same as the instituted heirs , with the one exception of the problematic condition on the manumission .
the point of the trust clause here is to provide that [uses instead of] should be liable for exactly the same as the instituted heirs , with the one exception of the problematic condition on the manumission .

However , the continuation … so we did it , which substitutes a deep anaphor , do it , for a verb phrase ellipsis , is usually judged to be good .
however , the continuation … so we did it , which [uses instead of] a deep anaphor , do it , for a verb phrase ellipsis , is usually judged to be good .

This prohibits any requirement for separate accounts for branches of companies incorporated in other member states and substitutes provisions compelling disclosure , in the member state in which a branch operates , of the affairs of the company ( or , where it is a subsidiary , of the group to which it belongs ) .
this prohibits any requirement for separate accounts for branches of companies incorporated in other member states and [uses instead of] provisions compelling disclosure , in the member state in which a branch operates , of the affairs of the company ( or , where it is a subsidiary , of the group to which it belongs ) .

Try reducing your use of salt slowly over a period of weeks and use flavouring substitutes like herbs , spices and lemon juice .
try reducing your use of salt slowly over a period of weeks and use flavouring [uses instead of] like herbs , spices and lemon juice .

Upper Gumtree 's trainer had n't made the journey from Australia , and nor had his usual jockey : Canadian substitutes had been found .
upper gumtree 's trainer had n't made the journey from australia , and nor had his usual jockey : canadian [uses instead of] had been found .

Until recently , all Malawi 's boreholes had heavy steel well cores , but the department has introduced substitutes with the help of a local maker of injection moulded plastics .
until recently , all malawi 's boreholes had heavy steel well cores , but the department has introduced [uses instead of] with the help of a local maker of injection moulded plastics .

The manufacturers want the burden of making the change to lead-free fuel put onto oil companies who could , at a price produce substitutes for lead in petrol .
the manufacturers want the burden of making the change to lead-free fuel put onto oil companies who could , at a price produce [uses instead of] for lead in petrol .

They want low-octane fuel because they can manufacture it without having to spend money to make substitutes for lead , which would be necessary to retain higher octane fuel .
they want low-octane fuel because they can manufacture it without having to spend money to make [uses instead of] for lead , which would be necessary to retain higher octane fuel .

Ceramic materials may take over the role of cobalt in magnets , a move stimulated by the political upheavals in Zaire in 1978 , which forced up the price of the metal and made many manufacturers look for substitutes .
ceramic materials may take over the role of cobalt in magnets , a move stimulated by the political upheavals in zaire in 1978 , which forced up the price of the metal and made many manufacturers look for [uses instead of] .

There is little doubt that the effect would be to drastically reduce the number of generic substitutes supplied by pharmacists .
there is little doubt that the effect would be to drastically reduce the number of generic [uses instead of] supplied by pharmacists .

Workers might also develop a resistance to certain common antibiotics , whose use is still an integral part of some processes , unless scientists can find safer substitutes .
workers might also develop a resistance to certain common antibiotics , whose use is still an integral part of some processes , unless scientists can find safer [uses instead of] .

The First ‘ Gods ’ Were Essential as Substitutes for Parents
the first ‘ gods ’ were essential as [uses instead of] for parents

Quorn , mycoprotein ( meat substitutes derived from fungi )
quorn , mycoprotein ( meat [uses instead of] derived from fungi )

Several companies have fat substitutes under development or on the market .
several companies have fat [uses instead of] under development or on the market .

Maltreated cats , finding themselves in a similar plight , often approached such women , who befriended them as substitutes for human companionship and love .
maltreated cats , finding themselves in a similar plight , often approached such women , who befriended them as [uses instead of] for human companionship and love .

Crime is often equated with the term deviance , but there are problems in using the two terms interchangeably , as substitutes for one another .
crime is often equated with the term deviance , but there are problems in using the two terms interchangeably , as [uses instead of] for one another .

Secondly , the development of Northern technology has resulted in synthetic substitutes for many natural products , e.g. jute and rubber .
secondly , the development of northern technology has resulted in synthetic [uses instead of] for many natural products , e.g. jute and rubber .

Usage of the term ‘ competitive intelligence ’ is sometimes restricted to information on the companies , industries , products and services comprising the firm 's competitive situation ( but also including suppliers , buyers , potential entrants , substitutes à la Porter ) .
usage of the term ‘ competitive intelligence ’ is sometimes restricted to information on the companies , industries , products and services comprising the firm 's competitive situation ( but also including suppliers , buyers , potential entrants , [uses instead of] à la porter ) .

Present competitors , suppliers , buyers possible entrants , substitutes .
present competitors , suppliers , buyers possible entrants , [uses instead of] .

Of the seven deadly sins , only pride really matters to Graeme Souness , the other six come on as substitutes .
of the seven deadly sins , only pride really matters to graeme souness , the other six come on as [uses instead of] .

Bernard Tschumi substitutes steel cables ( complete with turnbuckles ) for the intermediate horizontal rails of the ramp railings of Lerner Hall at Columbia University , another nautical reference , but to a yacht rather than a steamship .
bernard tschumi [uses instead of] steel cables ( complete with turnbuckles ) for the intermediate horizontal rails of the ramp railings of lerner hall at columbia university , another nautical reference , but to a yacht rather than a steamship .

More generally , we need to consider “ complements ” and “ substitutes. ” Screw and screwdriver are complements ; screw and nail are substitutes .
more generally , we need to consider “ complements ” and “ substitutes. ” screw and screwdriver are complements ; screw and nail are [uses instead of] .

Complements must be used together to create value ; substitutes replace one another .
complements must be used together to create value ; [uses instead of] replace one another .

Rather obviously , the complements and substitutes of any good or service constitute the economic niche in which that good or service lives .
rather obviously , the complements and [uses instead of] of any good or service constitute the economic niche in which that good or service lives .

New goods enter the economy , typically , as complements and substitutes for existing goods .
new goods enter the economy , typically , as complements and [uses instead of] for existing goods .

An economic web is just the set of goods and services in an economy , linked by red lines between substitutes and green lines between complements .
an economic web is just the set of goods and services in an economy , linked by red lines between [uses instead of] and green lines between complements .

Thus , the representations of the engine block and piston as algorithmic Java objects , together with algorithmic “ search engines ” to match the corresponding “ is a , ” “ has a , ” “ does a , ” functions of complements and even substitutes , can as a matter of principle and practicality create an image of the real complements and substitutes in the real economic web .
thus , the representations of the engine block and piston as algorithmic java objects , together with algorithmic “ search engines ” to match the corresponding “ is a , ” “ has a , ” “ does a , ” functions of complements and even [uses instead of] , can as a matter of principle and practicality create an image of the real complements and [uses instead of] in the real economic web .

In a fundamental sense , an appropriate set of Java objects , together with search engines for complements and substitutes matching “ is a , ” “ has a , ” “ does a , ” constitutes a grammar of objects and linkings or transformations among objects .
in a fundamental sense , an appropriate set of java objects , together with search engines for complements and [uses instead of] matching “ is a , ” “ has a , ” “ does a , ” constitutes a grammar of objects and linkings or transformations among objects .

Let these Java objects be characterized by appropriate “ is a , ” “ has a , ” “ does a , ” lists , with adequate search engines looking for complements and substitutes .
let these java objects be characterized by appropriate “ is a , ” “ has a , ” “ does a , ” lists , with adequate search engines looking for complements and [uses instead of] .

The result is a distributed web of Java objects linked functionally in at least many or most of the ways that are actually in use as complements and substitutes creating the millions of dierent goods and services in the current economy .
the result is a distributed web of java objects linked functionally in at least many or most of the ways that are actually in use as complements and [uses instead of] creating the millions of dierent goods and services in the current economy .

In a similar way , the “ back ” object needs “ padding ” and “ wood ” objects , and either the complementary pair “ nail and hammer ” objects or their substitutes , “ screw and screwdriver ” objects , to carry out an “ attachment ” operation .
in a similar way , the “ back ” object needs “ padding ” and “ wood ” objects , and either the complementary pair “ nail and hammer ” objects or their [uses instead of] , “ screw and screwdriver ” objects , to carry out an “ attachment ” operation .

As ever , artisans provide the bulk of the best buys , but it is worth bearing in mind that their hand-produced items can ’ t compete with the price of the mass-produced substitutes from the Far East .
as ever , artisans provide the bulk of the best buys , but it is worth bearing in mind that their hand-produced items can ’ t compete with the price of the mass-produced [uses instead of] from the far east .

Willingness to pay and Willingness to accept are comparable measures when the change in environmental quality is small and there are reasonably close substitutes available .
willingness to pay and willingness to accept are comparable measures when the change in environmental quality is small and there are reasonably close [uses instead of] available .

Purpose of Talk Reconcile growth in aggregate pieces delivered and mail revenues with increasing relative price of postal delivery services and growing number of substitutes at household level Are household sector trends consistent with aggregate trends ?
purpose of talk reconcile growth in aggregate pieces delivered and mail revenues with increasing relative price of postal delivery services and growing number of [uses instead of] at household level are household sector trends consistent with aggregate trends ?

Increasing degree of substitutability between postal delivery services and telephone services over past decade , from -0.12 in 1986 ( complements ) to 0.11 ( substitutes ) in 1994 Increased penetration of personal computing technology at household-level initially predicts increased demand for postal delivery services .
increasing degree of substitutability between postal delivery services and telephone services over past decade , from -0.12 in 1986 ( complements ) to 0.11 ( [uses instead of] ) in 1994 increased penetration of personal computing technology at household-level initially predicts increased demand for postal delivery services .

Second , there is the view that worksharing discounts are needed to make the postal service more competitive , thus helping to stave off threats from competing carriers and electronic substitutes .
second , there is the view that worksharing discounts are needed to make the postal service more competitive , thus helping to stave off threats from competing carriers and electronic [uses instead of] .

A question needs to be answered about whether the above curve is really a demand curve , since customary demand curves hold the prices of substitutes constant and this one holds the discount constant .
a question needs to be answered about whether the above curve is really a demand curve , since customary demand curves hold the prices of [uses instead of] constant and this one holds the discount constant .

Liberal and conservative pundits disagree about affirmative action and welfare reform , but concur that a series of town meetings , an advisory panel , and an eloquent report are sorry substitutes for decisive action .
liberal and conservative pundits disagree about affirmative action and welfare reform , but concur that a series of town meetings , an advisory panel , and an eloquent report are sorry [uses instead of] for decisive action .

D iapers : Diaper bags are a good place to start , since they are unnecessary : A $ 20 knapsack and a $ 2 dry-down -- an absorbent , washable pad -- are perfectly sufficient substitutes .
d iapers : diaper bags are a good place to start , since they are unnecessary : a $ 20 knapsack and a $ 2 dry-down -- an absorbent , washable pad -- are perfectly sufficient [uses instead of] .

To sustain his claim that my essay is effectively an `` apologia , '' Shatz substitutes appeals to popular prejudice for scholarship .
to sustain his claim that my essay is effectively an `` apologia , '' shatz [uses instead of] appeals to popular prejudice for scholarship .

All were poor substitutes for true love and did n't vanquish his feelings of inadequacy and guilt .
all were poor [uses instead of] for true love and did n't vanquish his feelings of inadequacy and guilt .

In Summer of Sam , the latest Spike Lee Joint , he substitutes panorama for point of view , piling on perspectives until the picture becomes a shambles -- a Spike Lee Disjoint .
in summer of sam , the latest spike lee joint , he [uses instead of] panorama for point of view , piling on perspectives until the picture becomes a shambles -- a spike lee disjoint .

Like his father , Bush substitutes virtue for substance .
like his father , bush [uses instead of] virtue for substance .

Patricia Duff 's first name easily substitutes for the name `` Evita , '' making it possible to do a new version of the musical without cluttering up the elegant rhythm of the songs .
patricia duff 's first name easily [uses instead of] for the name `` evita , '' making it possible to do a new version of the musical without cluttering up the elegant rhythm of the songs .

We 're putting together congressional testimony on next year 's budget and having a devil of a time finding substitutes for the prohibited words .
we 're putting together congressional testimony on next year 's budget and having a devil of a time finding [uses instead of] for the prohibited words .

They feed their resultant emptiness with manic , life-threatening , competitive pursuits that become substitutes for their sense of self worth .
they feed their resultant emptiness with manic , life-threatening , competitive pursuits that become [uses instead of] for their sense of self worth .

Today 's Papers deplores society 's vapid need for ever-briefer substitutes for actually reading something .
today 's papers deplores society 's vapid need for ever-briefer [uses instead of] for actually reading something .

Bad news for cigarette fiends : The medicines -- which include antibiotics , blood substitutes , and cancer drugs -- will be extracted from the plant , not smoked .
bad news for cigarette fiends : the medicines -- which include antibiotics , blood [uses instead of] , and cancer drugs -- will be extracted from the plant , not smoked .

Popular history need not come at the expense of thoughtful reflection and serious research , but Johnson 's zingers are too often substitutes for those qualities .
popular history need not come at the expense of thoughtful reflection and serious research , but johnson 's zingers are too often [uses instead of] for those qualities .

In such a situation , description substitutes for opinionizing .
in such a situation , description [uses instead of] for opinionizing .

I completely disagree that this film substitutes intensity for emotion .
i completely disagree that this film [uses instead of] intensity for emotion .

Some of their criticisms are repeated here by legal academics Laurence Tribe and Ronald Dworkin : Scalia 's originalism is too glib , because it does n't distinguish between what the Constitution says and what its framers expected it to do ; too malleable , because it merely substitutes the guesswork of historians for the musings of moral philosophers ; too value-laden , because it imputes an anti-evolutionary purpose to the Constitution .
some of their criticisms are repeated here by legal academics laurence tribe and ronald dworkin : scalia 's originalism is too glib , because it does n't distinguish between what the constitution says and what its framers expected it to do ; too malleable , because it merely [uses instead of] the guesswork of historians for the musings of moral philosophers ; too value-laden , because it imputes an anti-evolutionary purpose to the constitution .

When war between France and England did break out , the English consumer market needed substitutes for Bordeaux .
when war between france and england did break out , the english consumer market needed [uses instead of] for bordeaux .

In his revision , Reich gets rid of the cigar shtick and again substitutes actual words , while trying to preserve what he can of a sense of hostility .
in his revision , reich gets rid of the cigar shtick and again [uses instead of] actual words , while trying to preserve what he can of a sense of hostility .

The schwa is anathema in this pattern : uh substitutes for it .
the schwa is anathema in this pattern : uh [uses instead of] for it .

