Richard M. Forbes's Paget , which had what seemed to be a substantial lead in the early stages , tired rapidly nearing the wire and was able to save place money only a head in front of Glen T. Hallowell's Milties Miss .
richard m. forbes's paget , which had what seemed to be a [large] lead in the early stages , tired rapidly nearing the wire and was able to save place money only a head in front of glen t. hallowell's milties miss .

Sprinkel told conferees that the recent improvement in economic activity was not a `` temporary flash in the pan '' but the beginning of a substantial cyclical expansion that will carry the economy back to full employment levels and witness a renewal of our traditional growth pattern .
sprinkel told conferees that the recent improvement in economic activity was not a `` temporary flash in the pan '' but the beginning of a [large] cyclical expansion that will carry the economy back to full employment levels and witness a renewal of our traditional growth pattern .

`` In view of the current expansion , which promises to be substantial '' he said the odds appear to favor rising interest rates in coming months , but `` there is reason to believe the change will not be as abrupt as in 1958 nor as severe as in late 1959 and 1960 '' .
`` in view of the current expansion , which promises to be [large] '' he said the odds appear to favor rising interest rates in coming months , but `` there is reason to believe the change will not be as abrupt as in 1958 nor as severe as in late 1959 and 1960 '' .

Rather than viewing the abortive recovery in 1959-60 as a reason for believing we have lost prospects for growth '' , he said `` it should be viewed as a lesson well learned which will increase the probability of substantial improvement in this recovery '' .
rather than viewing the abortive recovery in 1959-60 as a reason for believing we have lost prospects for growth '' , he said `` it should be viewed as a lesson well learned which will increase the probability of [large] improvement in this recovery '' .

A substantial rise in new orders and sales of durable goods was reported for last month .
a [large] rise in new orders and sales of durable goods was reported for last month .

Under this law annual grants are given to systems in substantial amounts .
under this law annual grants are given to systems in [large] amounts .

His visit to Warsaw , Poland , after the Russian journey in the summer of 1959 was expected to win the Polish vote which , in several cities , is substantial .
his visit to warsaw , poland , after the russian journey in the summer of 1959 was expected to win the polish vote which , in several cities , is [large] .

Alexandre Livshitz repeated a fantastic technical bit from the closing number , `` Taras Bulba '' , but even then there was a substantial number of diehards who seemed determined not to go home at all .
alexandre livshitz repeated a fantastic technical bit from the closing number , `` taras bulba '' , but even then there was a [large] number of diehards who seemed determined not to go home at all .

The reading public , the theatergoing public , the skindiving public , the horse-playing public -- all these and others fill substantial roles in U.S. life , but none is so varied , vast and vigilant as the eating public .
the reading public , the theatergoing public , the skindiving public , the horse-playing public -- all these and others fill [large] roles in u.s. life , but none is so varied , vast and vigilant as the eating public .

Manufacturers have designed equipment for just such circumstances , and your savings over starting from scratch will be substantial .
manufacturers have designed equipment for just such circumstances , and your savings over starting from scratch will be [large] .

That's why the FDA , the American Medical Association ( AMA ) , and the National Better Business Bureau ( BBB ) have estimated the toll of mechanical quackery to be a substantial portion of the $610 million or so paid to medical charlatans annually .
that's why the fda , the american medical association ( ama ) , and the national better business bureau ( bbb ) have estimated the toll of mechanical quackery to be a [large] portion of the $610 million or so paid to medical charlatans annually .

The second step is to recognize the substantial agreement -- frequently blurred by emotionalism and inaccurate newspaper reporting -- already existing between Catholics and Non-Catholics concerning the over-all objectives of family planning .
the second step is to recognize the [large] agreement -- frequently blurred by emotionalism and inaccurate newspaper reporting -- already existing between catholics and non-catholics concerning the over-all objectives of family planning .

If this woman had delayed until after 11:20 to start her shopping , she would have had little time in which to prepare the substantial meal that was eaten at dinner in those days .
if this woman had delayed until after 11:20 to start her shopping , she would have had little time in which to prepare the [large] meal that was eaten at dinner in those days .

If we add to these contacts with friendly members the `` contacts with an organization of the church '' ( 11.2 per cent of the cases ) , then a substantial two thirds of all recruitment is through friendly contact .
if we add to these contacts with friendly members the `` contacts with an organization of the church '' ( 11.2 per cent of the cases ) , then a [large] two thirds of all recruitment is through friendly contact .

All sought the fruition of that nationalism in a Federal Government with substantial powers .
all sought the fruition of that nationalism in a federal government with [large] powers .

Lincoln was historian and economist enough to know that a substantial portion of this wealth had accumulated in the hands of the descendants of New Englanders engaged in the slave trade .
lincoln was historian and economist enough to know that a [large] portion of this wealth had accumulated in the hands of the descendants of new englanders engaged in the slave trade .

Our pin-curl clips and self-locking nuts achieved dominance in just a few years time , despite substantial , well established competition .
our pin-curl clips and self-locking nuts achieved dominance in just a few years time , despite [large] , well established competition .

No longer is the United States the only major industrial country capable of providing substantial amounts of the resources so urgently needed in the newly developed countries .
no longer is the united states the only major industrial country capable of providing [large] amounts of the resources so urgently needed in the newly developed countries .

Her miraculous progress in material achievements flows from other qualities far more worthy and substantial : adherence to principles and methods consonant with our religious philosophy ; ;
her miraculous progress in material achievements flows from other qualities far more worthy and [large] : adherence to principles and methods consonant with our religious philosophy ; ;

When Johnny Mercer and Harold Arlen began their collaboration in 1940 , Mercer , like Arlen , had several substantial film songs to his credit , among them `` Hooray For Hollywood '' , `` Ride , Tenderfoot , Ride '' , `` Have You Got Any Castles , Baby ? ?
when johnny mercer and harold arlen began their collaboration in 1940 , mercer , like arlen , had several [large] film songs to his credit , among them `` hooray for hollywood '' , `` ride , tenderfoot , ride '' , `` have you got any castles , baby ? ?

But the correlation is substantial only among upperclassmen .
but the correlation is [large] only among upperclassmen .

There is now substantial evidence from several major studies of college students that the experience of the college years results in a certain , selective homogenization of attitudes and values .
there is now [large] evidence from several major studies of college students that the experience of the college years results in a certain , selective homogenization of attitudes and values .

First , we can encourage responsibility by establishing as conditions for assistance on a substantial and sustained scale the definition of objectives and the assessment of costs .
first , we can encourage responsibility by establishing as conditions for assistance on a [large] and sustained scale the definition of objectives and the assessment of costs .

In such a case , however , we would encourage the recipient country to get on with its programing task , supply it with substantial technical assistance in performing that task , and make it plain that an expansion or even a continuation of our assistance to the country's development was conditional upon programing progress being made .
in such a case , however , we would encourage the recipient country to get on with its programing task , supply it with [large] technical assistance in performing that task , and make it plain that an expansion or even a continuation of our assistance to the country's development was conditional upon programing progress being made .

But there will be still other countries where , despite the inadequacy of the level of self-help , we shall deem it wise , for political or military reasons , to give substantial economic assistance .
but there will be still other countries where , despite the inadequacy of the level of self-help , we shall deem it wise , for political or military reasons , to give [large] economic assistance .

How long it will take to show substantial success in this effort will vary greatly from country to country .
how long it will take to show [large] success in this effort will vary greatly from country to country .

It is obvious that this is a potential and lucrative source of revenue for the assessors of those towns where a substantial amount of such property would be subject to taxation .
it is obvious that this is a potential and lucrative source of revenue for the assessors of those towns where a [large] amount of such property would be subject to taxation .

This section shall not apply to corporations purchasing such stock solely for investment and not using the same by voting or otherwise to bring about , or in attempting to bring about , the substantial lessening of competition .
this section shall not apply to corporations purchasing such stock solely for investment and not using the same by voting or otherwise to bring about , or in attempting to bring about , the [large] lessening of competition .

Section 7 is designed to arrest in its incipiency not only the substantial lessening of competition from the acquisition by one corporation of the whole or any part of the stock of a competing corporation , but also to arrest in their incipiency restraints or monopolies in a relevant market which , as a reasonable probability , appear at the time of suit likely to result from the acquisition by one corporation of all or any part of the stock of any other corporation .
section 7 is designed to arrest in its incipiency not only the [large] lessening of competition from the acquisition by one corporation of the whole or any part of the stock of a competing corporation , but also to arrest in their incipiency restraints or monopolies in a relevant market which , as a reasonable probability , appear at the time of suit likely to result from the acquisition by one corporation of all or any part of the stock of any other corporation .

The section is violated whether or not actual restraints or monopolies , or the substantial lessening of competition , have occurred or are intended .
the section is violated whether or not actual restraints or monopolies , or the [large] lessening of competition , have occurred or are intended .

that General Motors' share of the market for these products was substantial ; ;
that general motors' share of the market for these products was [large] ; ;

The Peace Corps can either begin in very low gear , with only preparatory work undertaken between now and when Congress finally appropriates special funds for it -- or it can be launched now and in earnest by executive action , with sufficient funds and made available from existing Mutual Security appropriations to permit a number of substantial projects to start this summer .
the peace corps can either begin in very low gear , with only preparatory work undertaken between now and when congress finally appropriates special funds for it -- or it can be launched now and in earnest by executive action , with sufficient funds and made available from existing mutual security appropriations to permit a number of [large] projects to start this summer .

The letters home , the talks later given by returning members of the Peace Corps , the influence on the lives of those who spend two or three years in hard work abroad -- all this may combine to provide a substantial popular base for responsible American policies toward the world .
the letters home , the talks later given by returning members of the peace corps , the influence on the lives of those who spend two or three years in hard work abroad -- all this may combine to provide a [large] popular base for responsible american policies toward the world .

Use of these roads by the public results in substantial benefits to the localities the roads serve .
use of these roads by the public results in [large] benefits to the localities the roads serve .

Retired pay costs are increased by $94 million in 1961 over 1960 , partly because of a substantial increase in the number of retired personnel .
retired pay costs are increased by $94 million in 1961 over 1960 , partly because of a [large] increase in the number of retired personnel .

A substantial increase is estimated in the cost of operating additional communications systems in the air defense program , as well as in all programs where speed and security of communications are essential .
a [large] increase is estimated in the cost of operating additional communications systems in the air defense program , as well as in all programs where speed and security of communications are essential .

The substantial progress being made in ballistic missile technology is rapidly shifting the main threat from manned bombers to missiles .
the [large] progress being made in ballistic missile technology is rapidly shifting the main threat from manned bombers to missiles .

The United States recognizes the desire of India to accumulate , as quickly as possible , a substantial part of the one million ton reserve stock of rice provided for in this Agreement to assist in stabilizing the internal markets for this commodity in India .
the united states recognizes the desire of india to accumulate , as quickly as possible , a [large] part of the one million ton reserve stock of rice provided for in this agreement to assist in stabilizing the internal markets for this commodity in india .

but during the middle daytime hours these skywave radiations are not reflected in any substantial quantity , and during this portion of the day both skywave service and skywave interference are , in general , negligible .
but during the middle daytime hours these skywave radiations are not reflected in any [large] quantity , and during this portion of the day both skywave service and skywave interference are , in general , negligible .

But nighttime operation by stations of other classes of course entails skywave interference to groundwave service , interference which is substantial unless steps are taken to minimize it .
but nighttime operation by stations of other classes of course entails skywave interference to groundwave service , interference which is [large] unless steps are taken to minimize it .

Extensions are not granted as a matter of course , and the reasons for your request must be substantial .
extensions are not granted as a matter of course , and the reasons for your request must be [large] .

On this basis , our already substantial budget for research and development has been further increased in recent years in order to finance the continuing engineering and design work essential to Leesona's future growth in sales and earnings .
on this basis , our already [large] budget for research and development has been further increased in recent years in order to finance the continuing engineering and design work essential to leesona's future growth in sales and earnings .

1960 witnessed another substantial increase in our industry's shipments of military electronics , which totalled about $5.4 billion compared to $4.9 billion in 1959 .
1960 witnessed another [large] increase in our industry's shipments of military electronics , which totalled about $5.4 billion compared to $4.9 billion in 1959 .

Still later , the realm of space technology will show substantial gains ; ;
still later , the realm of space technology will show [large] gains ; ;

Sales of transistors in 1960 exceeded $300 million , compared to $222 million in 1959 despite substantial price reductions in virtually all types .
sales of transistors in 1960 exceeded $300 million , compared to $222 million in 1959 despite [large] price reductions in virtually all types .

They can be effective , however , if their members set high standards for candidates and devote substantial time to the work .
they can be effective , however , if their members set high standards for candidates and devote [large] time to the work .

The measurements made with the NRL 50-foot reflector , which is altitude-azimuth-mounted , would have shown a systematic change with local hour angle in the measured intensities of Venus and Jupiter if a substantial part of the radiation had been linearly polarized .
the measurements made with the nrl 50-foot reflector , which is altitude-azimuth-mounted , would have shown a systematic change with local hour angle in the measured intensities of venus and jupiter if a [large] part of the radiation had been linearly polarized .

if a substantial fraction of the dust is orbiting about the Earth , only about one third the above-mentioned average velocity should be used in deriving the mass .
if a [large] fraction of the dust is orbiting about the earth , only about one third the above-mentioned average velocity should be used in deriving the mass .

It is clear that there are some differences in the ratings , but there is substantial agreement .
it is clear that there are some differences in the ratings , but there is [large] agreement .

When we look at countries like Iran , Iraq , Pakistan , and Burma , where substantial progress has been made in creating a minimum supply of modern men and of social overhead capital , and where institutions of centralized government exist , we find a second category of countries with a different set of problems and hence different priorities for policy .
when we look at countries like iran , iraq , pakistan , and burma , where [large] progress has been made in creating a minimum supply of modern men and of social overhead capital , and where institutions of centralized government exist , we find a second category of countries with a different set of problems and hence different priorities for policy .

With the expansion of family formation in the Sixties , a continued substantial rise in expenditures by state and local government units seems to be indicated .
with the expansion of family formation in the sixties , a continued [large] rise in expenditures by state and local government units seems to be indicated .

The industry with which this model is concerned is a basic industry , producing a substantial share of gross national product .
the industry with which this model is concerned is a basic industry , producing a [large] share of gross national product .

Kent and Story , the great early American scholars , repeatedly made use of this phrase , or of `` Christian nations '' , which is a substantial equivalent .
kent and story , the great early american scholars , repeatedly made use of this phrase , or of `` christian nations '' , which is a [large] equivalent .

The essential ineffectiveness of these measures resulted in 1934 in substantial elimination of federal jurisdiction to enjoin state public utility rate orders .
the essential ineffectiveness of these measures resulted in 1934 in [large] elimination of federal jurisdiction to enjoin state public utility rate orders .

If the transferor has substantial assets other than the claim , it seems reasonable to assume no corporation would be willing to acquire all of its properties in the dim hope of collecting a claim for refund of taxes .
if the transferor has [large] assets other than the claim , it seems reasonable to assume no corporation would be willing to acquire all of its properties in the dim hope of collecting a claim for refund of taxes .

In the rare case where a corporation's only substantial asset , or its most important one , is a claim for refund , perhaps its transfer should not be permitted , whether the reorganization takes the form of a statutory merger or of the acquisition of assets for stock .
in the rare case where a corporation's only [large] asset , or its most important one , is a claim for refund , perhaps its transfer should not be permitted , whether the reorganization takes the form of a statutory merger or of the acquisition of assets for stock .

it is a tax benefit which might be of substantial value to a corporation which expects to have a high excess profits tax .
it is a tax benefit which might be of [large] value to a corporation which expects to have a high excess profits tax .

Further , and as an evidence of legislative intent only , the Senate of the United States recently defeated by a substantial majority the `` Holland Amendment '' to the Fair Labor Standards Act , which would have specifically limited the regulatory authority of the Secretary in these matters .
further , and as an evidence of legislative intent only , the senate of the united states recently defeated by a [large] majority the `` holland amendment '' to the fair labor standards act , which would have specifically limited the regulatory authority of the secretary in these matters .

Even if we marshal substantial agreement behind mandatory public education , we likely cannot expect that all the states will enact the legislation .
even if we marshal [large] agreement behind mandatory public education , we likely cannot expect that all the states will enact the legislation .

There remains a residue of total costs , or total `` revenue requirements '' which , since it is found to behave as if it were constant over substantial variations in traffic density , is strictly unallocable on a cost-finding basis .
there remains a residue of total costs , or total `` revenue requirements '' which , since it is found to behave as if it were constant over [large] variations in traffic density , is strictly unallocable on a cost-finding basis .

But the really controversial aspect of customer-cost imputation arises because of the cost analyst's frequent practice of including , not just those costs that can be definitely earmarked as incurred for the benefit of specific customers but also a substantial fraction of the annual maintenance and capital costs of the secondary ( low-voltage ) distribution system -- a fraction equal to the estimated annual costs of a hypothetical system of minimum capacity .
but the really controversial aspect of customer-cost imputation arises because of the cost analyst's frequent practice of including , not just those costs that can be definitely earmarked as incurred for the benefit of specific customers but also a [large] fraction of the annual maintenance and capital costs of the secondary ( low-voltage ) distribution system -- a fraction equal to the estimated annual costs of a hypothetical system of minimum capacity .

But anybody who promises a substantial volume of business can get a railroad to run a short spur to his plant these days , and many businesses can live without the railroad .
but anybody who promises a [large] volume of business can get a railroad to run a short spur to his plant these days , and many businesses can live without the railroad .

There are more substantial criticisms to be made of Fromm's account of capitalist civilization .
there are more [large] criticisms to be made of fromm's account of capitalist civilization .

But we can say that since a writing poet , with leisure before him , would seem unlikely to invent a technique based upon frequent and substantial circumlocution , the kennings like the epithets must reasonably be ascribed to an oral tradition .
but we can say that since a writing poet , with leisure before him , would seem unlikely to invent a technique based upon frequent and [large] circumlocution , the kennings like the epithets must reasonably be ascribed to an oral tradition .

Because agricultural activities are seasonal and the areas of production and harvest of many foods are widely scattered geographically , and because of the high cost of transporting bulk food items any substantial distance to a central processing location , the use of large central processing stations , where low-cost radiation facilities approaching the megawatt range might be utilized , is inherently impracticable .
because agricultural activities are seasonal and the areas of production and harvest of many foods are widely scattered geographically , and because of the high cost of transporting bulk food items any [large] distance to a central processing location , the use of large central processing stations , where low-cost radiation facilities approaching the megawatt range might be utilized , is inherently impracticable .

Its thick , substantial outline calmed me .
its thick , [large] outline calmed me .

Those who participate in such campaigns must expect substantial sentences .
those who participate in such campaigns must expect [large] sentences .

There must be custodial sentences to reflect that and they will be substantial .
there must be custodial sentences to reflect that and they will be [large] .

It was said the publicity surrounding Henry Skelton 's death and Georgia Griffiths subsequent arrest had damaged her health and caused substantial emotional stress to family members .
it was said the publicity surrounding henry skelton 's death and georgia griffiths subsequent arrest had damaged her health and caused [large] emotional stress to family members .

She says in the longer term there are substantial benefits from returning organic matter to the soil .
she says in the longer term there are [large] benefits from returning organic matter to the soil .

Medical evidence described other substantial injuries , including a double spinal fracture inflicted at least a day earlier .
medical evidence described other [large] injuries , including a double spinal fracture inflicted at least a day earlier .

He says that a substantial amount has been paid in benefits , it 's not true to say that they owe the tenants a large amount of arrears .
he says that a [large] amount has been paid in benefits , it 's not true to say that they owe the tenants a large amount of arrears .

It 's estimated that there are over 2.5 million people in debt in Britain , their debts can range from getting behind on hire purchase agreements to substantial mortgage arrears .
it 's estimated that there are over 2.5 million people in debt in britain , their debts can range from getting behind on hire purchase agreements to [large] mortgage arrears .

There have been 2 by local newspapers and both show our support more or less the same as it was back in 87 with a substantial drop in Liberal Democrat support and a substantial rise in support for Labour .
there have been 2 by local newspapers and both show our support more or less the same as it was back in 87 with a [large] drop in liberal democrat support and a [large] rise in support for labour .

His workers stress they are aiming to win the battle of ideas in the campaign and a substantial increase on their 1987 tally of 1.5 % .
his workers stress they are aiming to win the battle of ideas in the campaign and a [large] increase on their 1987 tally of 1.5 % .

But poll tax capping means cuts in County Council budgets , and that means substantial reductions in the number of new books the library can buy .
but poll tax capping means cuts in county council budgets , and that means [large] reductions in the number of new books the library can buy .

Three people have been arrested in connection with what police describe as a substantial fraud at Oxford City Council .
three people have been arrested in connection with what police describe as a [large] fraud at oxford city council .

But the price is more substantial — a shade under twenty thousand pounds .
but the price is more [large] — a shade under twenty thousand pounds .

Scottish teachers , who have lodged a claim for a ‘ substantial ’ rise and who are not covered by yesterday 's announcement , called the English award ‘ farcical ’ .
scottish teachers , who have lodged a claim for a ‘ [large] ’ rise and who are not covered by yesterday 's announcement , called the english award ‘ farcical ’ .

Teachers are finding that many children are spending substantial amounts of time playing the games to the detriment of their school work .
teachers are finding that many children are spending [large] amounts of time playing the games to the detriment of their school work .

‘ We believe we have been the victims of a substantial fraud , ’ said the army 's legal and parliamentary secretary , Capt Peter Smith .
‘ we believe we have been the victims of a [large] fraud , ’ said the army 's legal and parliamentary secretary , capt peter smith .

After pledging £20,000 for wheelchair races , the region 's support increased to £95,000 after a substantial shortfall in the commercial sponsorship which now appears certain to be repeated this year unless additional major supporters can be found .
after pledging £20,000 for wheelchair races , the region 's support increased to £95,000 after a [large] shortfall in the commercial sponsorship which now appears certain to be repeated this year unless additional major supporters can be found .

At Duns Sheriff Court , Sheriff James Paterson warned 34-year-old Mary Warnock , of Stobswood , Duns , that unless she made substantial inroads to the total within 12 months , she would face a prison sentence .
at duns sheriff court , sheriff james paterson warned 34-year-old mary warnock , of stobswood , duns , that unless she made [large] inroads to the total within 12 months , she would face a prison sentence .

The escalation of the row came as the European Commissioner and former Cabinet member , Sir Leon Brittan , intervened in the debate to give warning that Britain would cause disruption throughout Europe and suffer substantial economic harm unless it ratified the Maastricht treaty .
the escalation of the row came as the european commissioner and former cabinet member , sir leon brittan , intervened in the debate to give warning that britain would cause disruption throughout europe and suffer [large] economic harm unless it ratified the maastricht treaty .

Harder to stop , except through the kind of investigations now underway , is the corruption which allowed politicians to award public contracts to private companies for substantial payments .
harder to stop , except through the kind of investigations now underway , is the corruption which allowed politicians to award public contracts to private companies for [large] payments .

‘ Virgin 's success is clear evidence that a new entrant airline with tight management and a well-targeted approach can make a substantial impact . ’
‘ virgin 's success is clear evidence that a new entrant airline with tight management and a well-targeted approach can make a [large] impact . ’

‘ With the kind of cut-backs we have been doing , we have been incurring substantial reorganisation costs and profitability has been difficult to achieve , ’ Mr Mair said .
‘ with the kind of cut-backs we have been doing , we have been incurring [large] reorganisation costs and profitability has been difficult to achieve , ’ mr mair said .

At a series of meetings at Rosyth yesterday employees were told that although the yard had a substantial workload for the next two years , it was vital to reduce overheads and capacity to improve its competitive position .
at a series of meetings at rosyth yesterday employees were told that although the yard had a [large] workload for the next two years , it was vital to reduce overheads and capacity to improve its competitive position .

That is quite a substantial drop from what we have had in the past ; in 1988/89 we get something around £17 million a year .
that is quite a [large] drop from what we have had in the past ; in 1988/89 we get something around £17 million a year .

The Foreign Office stressed that Britain was continuing to focus its ‘ substantial ’ efforts to fly aid into the Bosnian capital Sarajevo and to escort convoys on the ground .
the foreign office stressed that britain was continuing to focus its ‘ [large] ’ efforts to fly aid into the bosnian capital sarajevo and to escort convoys on the ground .

The ‘ substantial case ’ for compensation was underlined yesterday by the local authority co-ordinating committee set up to represent the interest of councils which lost money .
the ‘ [large] case ’ for compensation was underlined yesterday by the local authority co-ordinating committee set up to represent the interest of councils which lost money .

We have substantial investments in South Africa .
we have [large] investments in south africa .

Despite substantial resources , the task of preparing the awards ' entry is delegated to the most inexperienced member of the marketing team — and it shows .
despite [large] resources , the task of preparing the awards ' entry is delegated to the most inexperienced member of the marketing team — and it shows .

He said the feasibility study would seek to prove that laser welding was not only possible in a subsea environment , but would also lead to substantial improvements and cost savings .
he said the feasibility study would seek to prove that laser welding was not only possible in a subsea environment , but would also lead to [large] improvements and cost savings .

Labour costs per head are still 50 per cent above Scandinavian levels but are falling steadily and with work for the next two years all Govan now needs is a substantial new order before the middle of 1994 to ensure its future .
labour costs per head are still 50 per cent above scandinavian levels but are falling steadily and with work for the next two years all govan now needs is a [large] new order before the middle of 1994 to ensure its future .

With the drop in interest rates and the depreciation of the pound , monetary policy has now been substantially relaxed ; but the twin deficits , of the budget and the balance of payments , indicate that a substantial tightening of fiscal policy is required .
with the drop in interest rates and the depreciation of the pound , monetary policy has now been substantially relaxed ; but the twin deficits , of the budget and the balance of payments , indicate that a [large] tightening of fiscal policy is required .

It said it had its own , better , plans for the land and , in any case , there was already substantial spare capacity in the tanker refitting business .
it said it had its own , better , plans for the land and , in any case , there was already [large] spare capacity in the tanker refitting business .

Export orders showed a substantial improvement on January , suggesting sterling 's devaluation may now be helping to raise demand from foreign customers .
export orders showed a [large] improvement on january , suggesting sterling 's devaluation may now be helping to raise demand from foreign customers .

It could also create a substantial number of jobs in the town .
it could also create a [large] number of jobs in the town .

Substantial job cuts have also taken place at major firms over the last two years including Cummins , Cleveland Structural and Whessoe .
[large] job cuts have also taken place at major firms over the last two years including cummins , cleveland structural and whessoe .

The Bioplan proposal would ‘ materially increase the demand for car parking at the Memorial hospital site and this would lead to further substantial on-street parking at Hollyhurst Road , which would be detrimental to highway safety ’ , said the inspector 's report to the environment secretary .
the bioplan proposal would ‘ materially increase the demand for car parking at the memorial hospital site and this would lead to further [large] on-street parking at hollyhurst road , which would be detrimental to highway safety ’ , said the inspector 's report to the environment secretary .

Wanted posters offering a substantial reward failed to bring news of any sightings .
wanted posters offering a [large] reward failed to bring news of any sightings .

Further scattered wintry showers are expected today but no further substantial snow fall is forecast .
further scattered wintry showers are expected today but no further [large] snow fall is forecast .

Both have been hit by substantial redundancies .
both have been hit by [large] redundancies .

The Plymouth yard 's company accounts for the financial year 1989/90 reveal the talks began after its managers anticipated a substantial cut in their future workload months before the Government announced the size of the Options for Change defence cuts .
the plymouth yard 's company accounts for the financial year 1989/90 reveal the talks began after its managers anticipated a [large] cut in their future workload months before the government announced the size of the options for change defence cuts .

After substantial delays in reaching a decision on the refitting competition , Jonathon Aitken , the defence procurement minister , announced this week that the MoD hoped to announce the outcome as soon as possible after the Easter parliamentary recess finishes in early April .
after [large] delays in reaching a decision on the refitting competition , jonathon aitken , the defence procurement minister , announced this week that the mod hoped to announce the outcome as soon as possible after the easter parliamentary recess finishes in early april .

Another Yorkshire pit , Markham Main , could be economically viable with weekend working and longer shifts , but the colliery would require extensive development and substantial improvement in the work ethos .
another yorkshire pit , markham main , could be economically viable with weekend working and longer shifts , but the colliery would require extensive development and [large] improvement in the work ethos .

However , after changes in the housing benefit regulations , his substantial income had dropped , and he had fallen into arrears with mortgage payments and had been unable to sell the house .
however , after changes in the housing benefit regulations , his [large] income had dropped , and he had fallen into arrears with mortgage payments and had been unable to sell the house .

The new bands will be at a divisional level to ensure that a substantial link is maintained between an infantry or cavalry regiment and an allocated band .
the new bands will be at a divisional level to ensure that a [large] link is maintained between an infantry or cavalry regiment and an allocated band .

Mr Ritchie has been told by legal counsel that this new evidence in their opinion provides substantial grounds for Mr Lang to order a retrial or a full reinvestigation of the case , but assessment of the appeal documents is at an early stage .
mr ritchie has been told by legal counsel that this new evidence in their opinion provides [large] grounds for mr lang to order a retrial or a full reinvestigation of the case , but assessment of the appeal documents is at an early stage .

But despite these ominous developments , the pressure to contain the crisis is substantial .
but despite these ominous developments , the pressure to contain the crisis is [large] .

However , after changes in the housing benefit regulations , his substantial income dropped and he fell into arrears with mortgage payments .
however , after changes in the housing benefit regulations , his [large] income dropped and he fell into arrears with mortgage payments .

According to a report on the study published yesterday , those companies would still allow a substantial degree of council involvement .
according to a report on the study published yesterday , those companies would still allow a [large] degree of council involvement .

Ken Murray , chairman of Aberdeen Enterprise Trust and of the fund , said yesterday that Mr Salvesen 's substantial personal commitment would provide a major boost to small and medium-sized businesses in the area .
ken murray , chairman of aberdeen enterprise trust and of the fund , said yesterday that mr salvesen 's [large] personal commitment would provide a major boost to small and medium-sized businesses in the area .

Three days after the meeting with Mackie , Hoare Govett had rung to say there had been a very substantial sale of shares through Bell Lawrie White .
three days after the meeting with mackie , hoare govett had rung to say there had been a very [large] sale of shares through bell lawrie white .

‘ Substantial rents were paid over to the Crown Estate during the last five-year period when the industry was losing money .
‘ [large] rents were paid over to the crown estate during the last five-year period when the industry was losing money .

By late last year , despite investing even higher premiums , the estimate had slipped to £550,000 — a substantial fall .
by late last year , despite investing even higher premiums , the estimate had slipped to £550,000 — a [large] fall .

The Chancellor spent yesterday making substantial stylistic changes to the speech but the main elements were left untouched .
the chancellor spent yesterday making [large] stylistic changes to the speech but the main elements were left untouched .

Ian Rock , the chief executive , said yesterday : ‘ The group 's position is more stable than for some time , but it still requires a substantial improvement in the economy and a solution to the group 's gearing before it can achieve satisfactory returns on shareholders ’ funds . ’
ian rock , the chief executive , said yesterday : ‘ the group 's position is more stable than for some time , but it still requires a [large] improvement in the economy and a solution to the group 's gearing before it can achieve satisfactory returns on shareholders ’ funds . ’

Equally , there are literally dozens of measures — some fiddly , others more substantial — designed to persuade business that the Government is sympathetic to its grievances and ready , within limits , to help .
equally , there are literally dozens of measures — some fiddly , others more [large] — designed to persuade business that the government is sympathetic to its grievances and ready , within limits , to help .

‘ That will have a substantial effect on consumers ’ expenditure and will also affect the retail prices index .
‘ that will have a [large] effect on consumers ’ expenditure and will also affect the retail prices index .

Mr Lamont said a freeze in bills last year would have resulted in substantial increases for many businesses this year .
mr lamont said a freeze in bills last year would have resulted in [large] increases for many businesses this year .

Another to pay out a substantial sum was one of Scotland 's leading hill farmers , William Mitchell of Hazelside , Douglas , Lanark , who bought 102 units of quota at £46 .
another to pay out a [large] sum was one of scotland 's leading hill farmers , william mitchell of hazelside , douglas , lanark , who bought 102 units of quota at £46 .

Profit margins were squeezed by substantial over-capacity in the market , however .
profit margins were squeezed by [large] over-capacity in the market , however .

He has written to Michael Heseltine , President of the Board of Trade , giving him warning that substantial unemployment could result from artificial constraints on the business .
he has written to michael heseltine , president of the board of trade , giving him warning that [large] unemployment could result from artificial constraints on the business .

Glasgow 's Lord Provost , Bob Innes , said the event would be a wonderful showcase for Glasgow , its citizens and its business community and would bring substantial economic benefits to the city .
glasgow 's lord provost , bob innes , said the event would be a wonderful showcase for glasgow , its citizens and its business community and would bring [large] economic benefits to the city .

In 1990 , Haagen-Dazs , now backed by the substantial resources of Grand Metropolitan , opened a shop in London 's Leicester Square , in a market where the concept of premium ice-cream products was largely unknown .
in 1990 , haagen-dazs , now backed by the [large] resources of grand metropolitan , opened a shop in london 's leicester square , in a market where the concept of premium ice-cream products was largely unknown .

Smith , though , is of the opinion that Rangers ' problems , while substantial , are better able to be handled now than they would have been five years ago .
smith , though , is of the opinion that rangers ' problems , while [large] , are better able to be handled now than they would have been five years ago .

Since Gadfly readers know his fondness for public transport perhaps there will be a substantial saving when it happens .
since gadfly readers know his fondness for public transport perhaps there will be a [large] saving when it happens .

The latest raid came on Thursday night when thieves made off with a substantial amount of money from the dispensing machine at Lloyds Bank in Skinnergate , Darlington .
the latest raid came on thursday night when thieves made off with a [large] amount of money from the dispensing machine at lloyds bank in skinnergate , darlington .

This now hands to the developers the authority to destroy a substantial portion of ancient woodland , currently a refuge for deer , badger , pheasant and other wildlife species .
this now hands to the developers the authority to destroy a [large] portion of ancient woodland , currently a refuge for deer , badger , pheasant and other wildlife species .

‘ However , we understand we shall be gaining a substantial amount of this from Government grant and the additional burden falling on our own resources will be in the region of £200,000 .
‘ however , we understand we shall be gaining a [large] amount of this from government grant and the additional burden falling on our own resources will be in the region of £200,000 .

’ On the strength of these assurances , the Diocesan Schools Commission is now prepared to allocate a substantial portion of the minor works allocation to start the Darlington projects .
’ on the strength of these assurances , the diocesan schools commission is now prepared to allocate a [large] portion of the minor works allocation to start the darlington projects .

These days , interest charges are automatically levied with penalties being applied to more substantial errors .
these days , interest charges are automatically levied with penalties being applied to more [large] errors .

In both Tests , two or three Englishmen looked well set , but failed to convert good innings into substantial ones , unlike India who won the first Test through Azharuddin 's great innings of 182 and laid the foundation for the Madras victory with Tendulkar 's 165 and Sidhu 's 106 .
in both tests , two or three englishmen looked well set , but failed to convert good innings into [large] ones , unlike india who won the first test through azharuddin 's great innings of 182 and laid the foundation for the madras victory with tendulkar 's 165 and sidhu 's 106 .

Frank McAvennie , meanwhile , will today give his answer to the offer of a contract that will take him up to the end of the season and with the promise of a more substantial agreement if his progress is satisfactory .
frank mcavennie , meanwhile , will today give his answer to the offer of a contract that will take him up to the end of the season and with the promise of a more [large] agreement if his progress is satisfactory .

His defeat thwarted a substantial gamble on the gelding , heavily backed on the morning of the race from 25-1 to a starting price of 4-1 favourite .
his defeat thwarted a [large] gamble on the gelding , heavily backed on the morning of the race from 25-1 to a starting price of 4-1 favourite .

If this is anywhere near the true figure , would n't it be nice if Mr Dobson made a substantial donation to help fund treatment for the three-year-old handicapped boy , say £2,500 , plus another £2,500 for the echocardiograph appeal ?
if this is anywhere near the true figure , would n't it be nice if mr dobson made a [large] donation to help fund treatment for the three-year-old handicapped boy , say £2,500 , plus another £2,500 for the echocardiograph appeal ?

‘ The portico was cleaned and repainted and there was substantial refurbishment of the clock tower .
‘ the portico was cleaned and repainted and there was [large] refurbishment of the clock tower .

An extremely varied and immensely pleasing exhibition , it is undoubtedly rendered substantial by still-life oils by David Donaldson .
an extremely varied and immensely pleasing exhibition , it is undoubtedly rendered [large] by still-life oils by david donaldson .

It is in the switch from a applied politics to the area of principle that , Reekie agreed , the most substantial change for 7:84 had occurred .
it is in the switch from a applied politics to the area of principle that , reekie agreed , the most [large] change for 7:84 had occurred .

And it suggested there was also a substantial younger audience who were apparently active attenders at opera , ballet or concerts but not at the Festival itself .
and it suggested there was also a [large] younger audience who were apparently active attenders at opera , ballet or concerts but not at the festival itself .

We understand the printing department is currently involved in a substantial expansion programme and continues to print high-quality books , magazines and brochures , published throughout the United Kingdom .
we understand the printing department is currently involved in a [large] expansion programme and continues to print high-quality books , magazines and brochures , published throughout the united kingdom .

‘ But we have sorted out an agreement with the club under which Martin will be paid a very substantial sum .
‘ but we have sorted out an agreement with the club under which martin will be paid a very [large] sum .

If you can prove this question of causation and show that the doctor gave you incorrect advice then your claim ought to succeed , in which case the damages will be substantial .
if you can prove this question of causation and show that the doctor gave you incorrect advice then your claim ought to succeed , in which case the damages will be [large] .

But Prof Friel is keen to stress that substantial progress was already being made in Derry before his intervention .
but prof friel is keen to stress that [large] progress was already being made in derry before his intervention .

Both play in their country 's national stadium , the grounds subjected to substantial renovations in recent years .
both play in their country 's national stadium , the grounds subjected to [large] renovations in recent years .

He decided to present a substantial trophy for this match and it is one of the most beautiful works of art in the game today .
he decided to present a [large] trophy for this match and it is one of the most beautiful works of art in the game today .

But he warned : ‘ Although the precise amount will need to be determined , it is clear that there will be a substantial difference between the total cost of refurbishment and the amount which can be recovered through the council 's insurance polices .
but he warned : ‘ although the precise amount will need to be determined , it is clear that there will be a [large] difference between the total cost of refurbishment and the amount which can be recovered through the council 's insurance polices .

However , the official message belied private concern that the prospects for fresh talks have worsened since the last Anglo-Irish meeting in July and there was little sign that the meeting would result in substantial progress .
however , the official message belied private concern that the prospects for fresh talks have worsened since the last anglo-irish meeting in july and there was little sign that the meeting would result in [large] progress .

Sir Antony commented : ‘ The fact that these actions have not prevented the substantial fall in profitability over the same period is a reflection of the length and severity of the recession . ’
sir antony commented : ‘ the fact that these actions have not prevented the [large] fall in profitability over the same period is a reflection of the length and severity of the recession . ’

With your help we hope to make a substantial contribution .
with your help we hope to make a [large] contribution .

Enough money was raised for substantial donations to be made not only to the Society for the National Team 's September visit to Edinburgh , but also to the Sussex Cancer Trust .
enough money was raised for [large] donations to be made not only to the society for the national team 's september visit to edinburgh , but also to the sussex cancer trust .

Tax exemption is to be closed by the Inland Revenue in 1991 , however , and life companies have recently withdrawn substantial sums from unit trusts ( £63.8m net outflow in June 1990 ) .
tax exemption is to be closed by the inland revenue in 1991 , however , and life companies have recently withdrawn [large] sums from unit trusts ( £63.8m net outflow in june 1990 ) .

Most of the funds withdrawn are actually from unit trusts owned by the life insurers through subsidiaries , and a switch away from unit trusts will be a substantial structural change , as life companies held 44 per cent of unit trust funds at the end of 1989 .
most of the funds withdrawn are actually from unit trusts owned by the life insurers through subsidiaries , and a switch away from unit trusts will be a [large] structural change , as life companies held 44 per cent of unit trust funds at the end of 1989 .

Credit business to both the personal and corporate sector ( but especially the former ) are likely to grow in the future , providing substantial opportunities for Finance Houses ( see Chapter 13 ) .
credit business to both the personal and corporate sector ( but especially the former ) are likely to grow in the future , providing [large] opportunities for finance houses ( see chapter 13 ) .

Government 's belief that ‘ the character of management-union relationships have provided a substantial blockage to the adoption of entrepreneurial behaviour by [ nationalized ] industry managers ’ ( Pendleton 1987a : 2 ) has focused political interest directly on the industrial relations of public enterprises .
government 's belief that ‘ the character of management-union relationships have provided a [large] blockage to the adoption of entrepreneurial behaviour by [ nationalized ] industry managers ’ ( pendleton 1987a : 2 ) has focused political interest directly on the industrial relations of public enterprises .

The accumulation rate remained about 4 per cent , implying substantial further modernization .
the accumulation rate remained about 4 per cent , implying [large] further modernization .

Even capacity expansion co-operation has been carried out in such a way as to allow substantial continued internal competition and even greater market share changes than occurred in the United States .
even capacity expansion co-operation has been carried out in such a way as to allow [large] continued internal competition and even greater market share changes than occurred in the united states .

But the substantial cut in military spending which allowed accelerated expansion of welfare services without a correspondingly faster rise in the burden of taxation represented a gain for workers .
but the [large] cut in military spending which allowed accelerated expansion of welfare services without a correspondingly faster rise in the burden of taxation represented a gain for workers .

Therefore , in the early 1970s the working class made substantial gains in take-home pay and public services , as well as in high employment , cuts in hours and probably improved conditions of work .
therefore , in the early 1970s the working class made [large] gains in take-home pay and public services , as well as in high employment , cuts in hours and probably improved conditions of work .

Well you know substantial rise is n't it ?
well you know [large] rise is n't it ?

‘ Older buildings , particularly those of a less substantial form of construction , therefore present a greater risk .
‘ older buildings , particularly those of a less [large] form of construction , therefore present a greater risk .

Lords , ladies , dukes and duchesses figure prominently among the names as well as more ordinary mortals of obviously substantial means .
lords , ladies , dukes and duchesses figure prominently among the names as well as more ordinary mortals of obviously [large] means .

Yorkshire managing director Clive Leach , who will be chief executive of the group , said : ‘ We are looking for substantial reductions and we will be ruthless in taking out any area that does not contribute .
yorkshire managing director clive leach , who will be chief executive of the group , said : ‘ we are looking for [large] reductions and we will be ruthless in taking out any area that does not contribute .

But environment officers say the cost would be ‘ substantial ’ estimated at between £600 and £700 for each home .
but environment officers say the cost would be ‘ [large] ’ estimated at between £600 and £700 for each home .

Airtours chairman David Crossland said later that the acquisition provided ‘ substantial ’ opportunities for his group .
airtours chairman david crossland said later that the acquisition provided ‘ [large] ’ opportunities for his group .

Miss Pickering said : ‘ Police who executed a search warrant found a substantial amount of property mainly unopened postal goods . ’
miss pickering said : ‘ police who executed a search warrant found a [large] amount of property mainly unopened postal goods . ’

The French Open champion has ‘ a serious condition that will have to be taken care of in a substantial way , ’ said her agent , Phil de Picciotto .
the french open champion has ‘ a serious condition that will have to be taken care of in a [large] way , ’ said her agent , phil de picciotto .

‘ We are aware that part of a substantial City office building was recently announced as having been let at £40 per sq ft , ’ said the property analysts .
‘ we are aware that part of a [large] city office building was recently announced as having been let at £40 per sq ft , ’ said the property analysts .

‘ Also , a development as large as the one proposed would generate a very substantial amount of traffic and we would have to examine in great detail the implications for roads in the area .
‘ also , a development as large as the one proposed would generate a very [large] amount of traffic and we would have to examine in great detail the implications for roads in the area .

Yorkshire managing director Clive Leach , who will head the new group , was more blunt , saying : ‘ We are looking for substantial cost reductions and we will be ruthless in taking out any area that does not contribute . ’
yorkshire managing director clive leach , who will head the new group , was more blunt , saying : ‘ we are looking for [large] cost reductions and we will be ruthless in taking out any area that does not contribute . ’

Timex management had told him of substantial losses in recent years and of the possibility of another massive deficit this year .
timex management had told him of [large] losses in recent years and of the possibility of another massive deficit this year .

He said : ‘ Although the project is only creating a relatively small number of jobs it is still quite a substantial financial development .
he said : ‘ although the project is only creating a relatively small number of jobs it is still quite a [large] financial development .

Mr Bowman writes in his letter : The project is estimated to create around 80 new jobs , with substantial indirect and spin-off' job creation . ’
mr bowman writes in his letter : the project is estimated to create around 80 new jobs , with [large] indirect and spin-off' job creation . ’

The 69-year-old from Beechwood in Middlesbrough lost a ‘ substantial ’ sum of money after a visit from two men , claiming to be Middlesbrough Council workers measuring up for replacement doors and windows .
the 69-year-old from beechwood in middlesbrough lost a ‘ [large] ’ sum of money after a visit from two men , claiming to be middlesbrough council workers measuring up for replacement doors and windows .

Sentencing , Judge David Bryant told the gang : ‘ Dishonest people like you who choose to make your living out of stealing , transforming and selling other people 's motor cars can expect substantial sentences of imprisonment . ’
sentencing , judge david bryant told the gang : ‘ dishonest people like you who choose to make your living out of stealing , transforming and selling other people 's motor cars can expect [large] sentences of imprisonment . ’

Middlesbrough Council leader Michael Carr said his authority had already made substantial cuts .
middlesbrough council leader michael carr said his authority had already made [large] cuts .

‘ There can be no doubt at all in view of this that replacement of the existing line by the one proposed would be a substantial environmental improvement and not , as is suggested , an environmental disbenefit to the area of Teesside , ’ said Mr Bartlett .
‘ there can be no doubt at all in view of this that replacement of the existing line by the one proposed would be a [large] environmental improvement and not , as is suggested , an environmental disbenefit to the area of teesside , ’ said mr bartlett .

If you can prove this question of causation and show that the doctor gave you incorrect advice then your claim ought to succeed , in which case the damages will be substantial .
if you can prove this question of causation and show that the doctor gave you incorrect advice then your claim ought to succeed , in which case the damages will be [large] .

Ten years later the brewery embarked on a substantial redevelopment programme and rechristened the pub The Brown Trout ‘ to bring it more into keeping with Darlington ’ .
ten years later the brewery embarked on a [large] redevelopment programme and rechristened the pub the brown trout ‘ to bring it more into keeping with darlington ’ .

The book is Fish and Chips and the British Working Class — : page 109 , with thanks to the Leicester University Press fax machine , is more substantial .
the book is fish and chips and the british working class — : page 109 , with thanks to the leicester university press fax machine , is more [large] .

He is set to front a new rescue package , with a mystery backer ready to invest a substantial sum .
he is set to front a new rescue package , with a mystery backer ready to invest a [large] sum .

Middlesbrough made a substantial profit last season , especially with two good Cup runs , and have an extra Premier League windfall .
middlesbrough made a [large] profit last season , especially with two good cup runs , and have an extra premier league windfall .

In 1987 the Argyll Group , which owns the Presto chain , made a £2m offer to develop a substantial part of Acklam Park , in Green Lane , into a £5m supermarket .
in 1987 the argyll group , which owns the presto chain , made a £2m offer to develop a [large] part of acklam park , in green lane , into a £5m supermarket .

Last night , a notice from the rugby club appeared in foyer of the social club stating that a ‘ substantial offer ’ had been made by a supermarket chain to purchase the whole ground .
last night , a notice from the rugby club appeared in foyer of the social club stating that a ‘ [large] offer ’ had been made by a supermarket chain to purchase the whole ground .

Tomorrow Mr Westaby will carry out a substantial operation on an eighty-two year old man . He 's in no doubts of his right to treatment
tomorrow mr westaby will carry out a [large] operation on an eighty-two year old man . he 's in no doubts of his right to treatment

Westcott once employed a thousand people , now there are only a hundred and fifty , and today it was announced that they too would lose their jobs unless the factory could find substantial new orders .
westcott once employed a thousand people , now there are only a hundred and fifty , and today it was announced that they too would lose their jobs unless the factory could find [large] new orders .

The club was reimbursed some of the money by another Maxwell company so the loss to the club is not substantial .
the club was reimbursed some of the money by another maxwell company so the loss to the club is not [large] .

In the Templemore area , two Velux windows were stolen from a building site at College Glen at the weekend , while a substantial quantity of cigarettes were stolen from a variety store at Spencer Road in the Waterside on Thursday night/Friday morning .
in the templemore area , two velux windows were stolen from a building site at college glen at the weekend , while a [large] quantity of cigarettes were stolen from a variety store at spencer road in the waterside on thursday night/friday morning .

‘ That is a substantial achievement which represents lives saved and massive destruction prevented .
‘ that is a [large] achievement which represents lives saved and massive destruction prevented .

the difficulty is , that an otherwise nice young man cuased these deaths and was bound to get a substantial sentence .
the difficulty is , that an otherwise nice young man cuased these deaths and was bound to get a [large] sentence .

Jonathan Probyn stood to gain a substantial sum from his wife 's death .
jonathan probyn stood to gain a [large] sum from his wife 's death .

Social Security Secretary , Peter Lilley said the Government had already taken substantial measures to help the pensioners .
social security secretary , peter lilley said the government had already taken [large] measures to help the pensioners .

Companies with substantial interests in Hong Kong enjoyed modest rises after reports that a breakthrough on political reform for the colony might soon be reached with China .
companies with [large] interests in hong kong enjoyed modest rises after reports that a breakthrough on political reform for the colony might soon be reached with china .

Now a group of fourteen Tory MPs have written to John Major warning him of the consequences of further substantial cuts . The letter says ’ should such measures be put forward in the 1994 public expenditure estimates in November , we would find outselves bound to vote against them ’
now a group of fourteen tory mps have written to john major warning him of the consequences of further [large] cuts . the letter says ’ should such measures be put forward in the 1994 public expenditure estimates in november , we would find outselves bound to vote against them ’

One friend , Harry Bromley says the Trust received substantial financial offers from the Countryside Commission and local business .
one friend , harry bromley says the trust received [large] financial offers from the countryside commission and local business .

During the week OAPs travelling in either direction will be eligible for substantial travel concessions agreed with the major travel companies .
during the week oaps travelling in either direction will be eligible for [large] travel concessions agreed with the major travel companies .

The one time City and England striker , now a millionaire businessman , put the pressure on chairman Peter Swales by revealing that he and two colleagues were prepared to put substantial funds into the club in return for a seat on the board .
the one time city and england striker , now a millionaire businessman , put the pressure on chairman peter swales by revealing that he and two colleagues were prepared to put [large] funds into the club in return for a seat on the board .

And he said there was no doubt they would suffer substantial hardship .
and he said there was no doubt they would suffer [large] hardship .

Well , we , we do spend a very substantial fraction of our gross national , national product on research .
well , we , we do spend a very [large] fraction of our gross national , national product on research .

We have n't put a figure on it , but our claim is for a substantial increase in basic rates of pay with a reduction in the working week .
we have n't put a figure on it , but our claim is for a [large] increase in basic rates of pay with a reduction in the working week .

Can you be more specific than a ‘ substantial claim ’ ?
can you be more specific than a ‘ [large] claim ’ ?

But surely you ca n't expect the government , now that the ambulance dispute in the public sector is in its sixth month to get what you 'd call a substantial , possibly double figured settlement ?
but surely you ca n't expect the government , now that the ambulance dispute in the public sector is in its sixth month to get what you 'd call a [large] , possibly double figured settlement ?

So you are talking of something very substantial there .
so you are talking of something very [large] there .

If they want to settle out of court , then it has got to be a really substantial settlement to satisfy these people because er those that have already died , er they entered into the litigation in the hope of seeing it through and making sure that , er if anything did happen to them , their wives and families would be catered for and would be er financially settled .
if they want to settle out of court , then it has got to be a really [large] settlement to satisfy these people because er those that have already died , er they entered into the litigation in the hope of seeing it through and making sure that , er if anything did happen to them , their wives and families would be catered for and would be er financially settled .

Although the rise in oil prices will continue to feed through for a while , the prospect is for a substantial reduction in inflation over the coming year .
although the rise in oil prices will continue to feed through for a while , the prospect is for a [large] reduction in inflation over the coming year .

There 's been talk of the United States sponsoring a joint western effort to provide fairly substantial economic assistance to the Soviet Union in return for a more active Soviet role in the Gulf .
there 's been talk of the united states sponsoring a joint western effort to provide fairly [large] economic assistance to the soviet union in return for a more active soviet role in the gulf .

Aggressive price promotions , such as Star Buys and Multisavas were joined by Link Savas , offering substantial savings when two complementary products are purchased together .
aggressive price promotions , such as star buys and multisavas were joined by link savas , offering [large] savings when two complementary products are purchased together .

Table 8 , below , details the results obtained , and shows that although monographs accounted for the majority of issues , the demand for serials and newspapers was substantial , with one serial or newspaper being issued for every three monographs .
table 8 , below , details the results obtained , and shows that although monographs accounted for the majority of issues , the demand for serials and newspapers was [large] , with one serial or newspaper being issued for every three monographs .

Two of the three phases of the redevelopment of the site have already been completed : the substantial structural repairs to the interior and the partial demolition of the mid section along with renovation of the riverside walkway .
two of the three phases of the redevelopment of the site have already been completed : the [large] structural repairs to the interior and the partial demolition of the mid section along with renovation of the riverside walkway .

The introduction of and is an idea that not everyone agrees with , but its acceptance as a convention in two influential dictionaries ( the Longman Dictionary of Contemporary English and the Longman Pronunciation Dictionary ) gives substantial support .
the introduction of and is an idea that not everyone agrees with , but its acceptance as a convention in two influential dictionaries ( the longman dictionary of contemporary english and the longman pronunciation dictionary ) gives [large] support .

The Airport 's passenger traffic business should receive a further substantial boost with the scheduled opening on May 17 when the new rail link opens .
the airport 's passenger traffic business should receive a further [large] boost with the scheduled opening on may 17 when the new rail link opens .

Privatisation of the former trust ports will no doubt generate a number of substantial port development projects but there is already over-capacity in the industry .
privatisation of the former trust ports will no doubt generate a number of [large] port development projects but there is already over-capacity in the industry .

The Tyne estuary was largely rehabilitated and further work was planned for the Wear , but the Tees estuary needed urgent attention despite substantial industrial effluent reductions in the 1970s/80s .
the tyne estuary was largely rehabilitated and further work was planned for the wear , but the tees estuary needed urgent attention despite [large] industrial effluent reductions in the 1970s/80s .

Looking at other earners of invisibles , tourism , shipping , civil aviation , consultancy , telecommunications and postal services and land freight transport all reflect the role of the transport industry and the substantial contribution it makes .
looking at other earners of invisibles , tourism , shipping , civil aviation , consultancy , telecommunications and postal services and land freight transport all reflect the role of the transport industry and the [large] contribution it makes .

‘ You were ill at the time to some extent , but you were a businessman and must have known what you were doing , paying substantial sums of money yourself . ’
‘ you were ill at the time to some extent , but you were a businessman and must have known what you were doing , paying [large] sums of money yourself . ’

Although the soya protein content was listed in the ingredients it was not included in the name of the products , even though it formed a substantial proportion .
although the soya protein content was listed in the ingredients it was not included in the name of the products , even though it formed a [large] proportion .

Social Security Secretary Peter Lilley said later that the Government had taken ‘ substantial measures ’ to help the Maxwell pensioners , including last week 's announcement of a £100m loan .
social security secretary peter lilley said later that the government had taken ‘ [large] measures ’ to help the maxwell pensioners , including last week 's announcement of a £100m loan .

‘ There is a substantial amount of money which is unaccounted for . ’
‘ there is a [large] amount of money which is unaccounted for . ’

‘ The environmental improvements will have a substantial impact on the area and complement other improvements in the locality undertaken by the Welsh Development Agency , ’ Mr Lewis said .
‘ the environmental improvements will have a [large] impact on the area and complement other improvements in the locality undertaken by the welsh development agency , ’ mr lewis said .

That achievement has been rewarded by a further undisclosed but substantial injection of capital by Courtaulds to strengthen its position .
that achievement has been rewarded by a further undisclosed but [large] injection of capital by courtaulds to strengthen its position .

, vice-president human resources , said : ‘ We believe the focus , teamwork and business results will be substantial . ’
, vice-president human resources , said : ‘ we believe the focus , teamwork and business results will be [large] . ’

The increase in business is substantial and may well result in more jobs being created .
the increase in business is [large] and may well result in more jobs being created .

To establish a revitalised and more ambitious energy and resource conservation programme , with special emphasis on reducing environmental effects so as to make further substantial progress by 1995 .
to establish a revitalised and more ambitious energy and resource conservation programme , with special emphasis on reducing environmental effects so as to make further [large] progress by 1995 .

Even in a year of rigorous cost-cutting , the sums devoted to environmental improvement are substantial .
even in a year of rigorous cost-cutting , the sums devoted to environmental improvement are [large] .

It stemmed from the outbreak of Minamata disease among the Japanese who had eaten fish and shellfish containing substantial quantities of organic mercury compounds — found to have originated from the direct discharge of factory effluent .
it stemmed from the outbreak of minamata disease among the japanese who had eaten fish and shellfish containing [large] quantities of organic mercury compounds — found to have originated from the direct discharge of factory effluent .

Recoup is working on these problems and collaborating with Reprise International Plastics Recycling Ltd which is making a substantial investment in a plant to clean and separate plastics .
recoup is working on these problems and collaborating with reprise international plastics recycling ltd which is making a [large] investment in a plant to clean and separate plastics .

Fibres , confident of its innovative ability , quality and ‘ value for money ’ is now engaged in a race to up-rate further its technology and reduce its cost base by substantial investment .
fibres , confident of its innovative ability , quality and ‘ value for money ’ is now engaged in a race to up-rate further its technology and reduce its cost base by [large] investment .

Substantial growth is possible in Electrochemical technology , Bob Hunt believes .
[large] growth is possible in electrochemical technology , bob hunt believes .

He then shades in a substantial area of the triangle 's pinnacle , and explains , ‘ That 's our target area ; the selected , high value-added , growth niches .
he then shades in a [large] area of the triangle 's pinnacle , and explains , ‘ that 's our target area ; the selected , high value-added , growth niches .

An alternating voltmeter is , of course , often just an a.c. meter in series with a suitable substantial resistance .
an alternating voltmeter is , of course , often just an a.c. meter in series with a suitable [large] resistance .

Designs giving decade or binary steps are popular , the latter enabling an indicating instrument connected to the output always to operate at a substantial fraction of full scale as the input signal changes , with attendant reading accuracy advantage .
designs giving decade or binary steps are popular , the latter enabling an indicating instrument connected to the output always to operate at a [large] fraction of full scale as the input signal changes , with attendant reading accuracy advantage .

Because of the low output impedance , the output can deliver a substantial signal current without being altered .
because of the low output impedance , the output can deliver a [large] signal current without being altered .

Under this condition a spurious infinitesimal input signal quickly grows to create a substantial periodic output signal .
under this condition a spurious infinitesimal input signal quickly grows to create a [large] periodic output signal .

Substantial changes are needed in order to restore the performance of the businesses to an acceptable level and ensure each one has a sound future .
[large] changes are needed in order to restore the performance of the businesses to an acceptable level and ensure each one has a sound future .

To be effective , market segments must be clearly identifiable and substantial enough to be potentially profitable .
to be effective , market segments must be clearly identifiable and [large] enough to be potentially profitable .

The Japanese like to negotiate each issue as it arises and there is an assumption that each party is prepared to make substantial accommodations to the other .
the japanese like to negotiate each issue as it arises and there is an assumption that each party is prepared to make [large] accommodations to the other .

you want something substantial .
you want something [large] .

Without doubt , the neck is a substantial chunk of maple , feeling remarkably similar to current production Precisions .
without doubt , the neck is a [large] chunk of maple , feeling remarkably similar to current production precisions .

The bridge has two substantial height-adjusting screws , one at either end .
the bridge has two [large] height-adjusting screws , one at either end .

Its dimensions are 18½″ ( 47cm ) wide x 19″ ( 48.3cm ) high x 13″ ( 33cm ) deep , and the weight of around 30kg feels reassuringly substantial , yet easily portable , especially if carried in the arms .
its dimensions are 18½″ ( 47cm ) wide x 19″ ( 48.3cm ) high x 13″ ( 33cm ) deep , and the weight of around 30kg feels reassuringly [large] , yet easily portable , especially if carried in the arms .

If you actually like the tone of your existing pickups , but just require more of it , why not try an overdrive pedal to give your amp ( you do n't actually mention what it is ) a bit of a boost ? If you take your guitar to your local music shop and try out their range of pedals , the chances are that you will find something to do the job and save yourself the substantial cost of a new set of pickups .
if you actually like the tone of your existing pickups , but just require more of it , why not try an overdrive pedal to give your amp ( you do n't actually mention what it is ) a bit of a boost ? if you take your guitar to your local music shop and try out their range of pedals , the chances are that you will find something to do the job and save yourself the [large] cost of a new set of pickups .

Unfortunately , a substantial proportion of modern mains transformers have either twin primary windings , or a tapped winding .
unfortunately , a [large] proportion of modern mains transformers have either twin primary windings , or a tapped winding .

Dyer was eventually censured by a committee of inquiry , but substantial sums were raised for him by public subscription and he was adulated in the press , the House of Commons , and — especially — the House of Lords .
dyer was eventually censured by a committee of inquiry , but [large] sums were raised for him by public subscription and he was adulated in the press , the house of commons , and — especially — the house of lords .

It is usually followed by a substantial improvement in the patient 's condition .
it is usually followed by a [large] improvement in the patient 's condition .

And , by the way , Jenkins pulls no punches on the prospects for the Wales side now partly his to command : ‘ Substantial improvement is going to be necessary before we can even consider winning ’ .
and , by the way , jenkins pulls no punches on the prospects for the wales side now partly his to command : ‘ [large] improvement is going to be necessary before we can even consider winning ’ .

Furthermore , because a substantial section of this criminalized population is stigmatized and discriminated against , particularly in the field of employment , its reproduction is secured ; many of them , out of resentment , injustice , or desperation , turn to more persistent and even more serious forms of crime .
furthermore , because a [large] section of this criminalized population is stigmatized and discriminated against , particularly in the field of employment , its reproduction is secured ; many of them , out of resentment , injustice , or desperation , turn to more persistent and even more serious forms of crime .

Thus executives have successfully prevented most forms of cancer from being included in the list of occupationally-induced illness , even though the documentation on carcinogenic work environments is substantial ( Epstein 1979 ) .
thus executives have successfully prevented most forms of cancer from being included in the list of occupationally-induced illness , even though the documentation on carcinogenic work environments is [large] ( epstein 1979 ) .

And amongst neighbours , an executive found guilty of corporate crime continues to be regarded as ‘ upright and steadfast ; indeed , they will probably see him as solid and substantial a citizen as they themselves are ’ ( Geis 1978 : 283 ) .
and amongst neighbours , an executive found guilty of corporate crime continues to be regarded as ‘ upright and steadfast ; indeed , they will probably see him as solid and [large] a citizen as they themselves are ’ ( geis 1978 : 283 ) .

For it is quite clear that despite innovative legislation , the proliferation of enforcement agencies , the relatively new use of imprisonment for corporate offenders , and absolutely ( but not relatively ) large fines for offending corporations , there has not been a substantial brake on corporate crime .
for it is quite clear that despite innovative legislation , the proliferation of enforcement agencies , the relatively new use of imprisonment for corporate offenders , and absolutely ( but not relatively ) large fines for offending corporations , there has not been a [large] brake on corporate crime .

But for these to be achieved , a substantial proportion of offending corporations must first be caught .
but for these to be achieved , a [large] proportion of offending corporations must first be caught .

On top of that , other money from the fund was left untouched and has built up substantial interest .
on top of that , other money from the fund was left untouched and has built up [large] interest .

The final return trip was a substantial hike , involving a climb of nearly 6,500′ in a day .
the final return trip was a [large] hike , involving a climb of nearly 6,500′ in a day .

Most existing recognition systems concentrate on the pattern recognition process , and have not utilised the substantial amounts of available context .
most existing recognition systems concentrate on the pattern recognition process , and have not utilised the [large] amounts of available context .

Death ‘ But it is well known there needs to be a substantial realignment of production capacity . ’
death ‘ but it is well known there needs to be a [large] realignment of production capacity . ’

It refused to say how much replacing them will cost but admitted : ‘ It will be very substantial . ’
it refused to say how much replacing them will cost but admitted : ‘ it will be very [large] . ’

Diana sent a personal cheque for a ‘ substantial amount ’ from her Charities Trust Fund to help women at the Chiswick Family Rescue in London .
diana sent a personal cheque for a ‘ [large] amount ’ from her charities trust fund to help women at the chiswick family rescue in london .

In the space of a week no fewer than five North Harbour players of various stature announced they were leaving for substantial playing-working contracts in Japan , ranging from two to three years .
in the space of a week no fewer than five north harbour players of various stature announced they were leaving for [large] playing-working contracts in japan , ranging from two to three years .

‘ Myself and Emma have been criticised as being ‘ not as substantial as Courtney Love ’ , which is massively limiting .
‘ myself and emma have been criticised as being ‘ not as [large] as courtney love ’ , which is massively limiting .

If the relocation package is too generous , the company may find a higher percentage of non-essential staff moving with the firm and some employees , who would have moved for less , reaping substantial benefits .
if the relocation package is too generous , the company may find a higher percentage of non-essential staff moving with the firm and some employees , who would have moved for less , reaping [large] benefits .

In both these cases the nature of the business and the nature of the employees ' jobs enabled the courts to imply a substantial degree of mobility into the contract of employment .
in both these cases the nature of the business and the nature of the employees ' jobs enabled the courts to imply a [large] degree of mobility into the contract of employment .

Unfortunately this is often impracticable — particularly in cases of substantial relocation , where employees will have to move their homes .
unfortunately this is often impracticable — particularly in cases of [large] relocation , where employees will have to move their homes .

Similarly , the law of arms control and disarmament may impose substantial restrictions on the conduct of armed conflict .
similarly , the law of arms control and disarmament may impose [large] restrictions on the conduct of armed conflict .

As a result it is highly unlikely that a party with a serious commitment to any substantial change in the institutional form of the market would ever get elected as it would be portrayed and perceived as being ‘ too extreme ’ .
as a result it is highly unlikely that a party with a serious commitment to any [large] change in the institutional form of the market would ever get elected as it would be portrayed and perceived as being ‘ too extreme ’ .

So , in both the public and the private sphere , there are now substantial accretions of power that are not subject to any effective means of either political or judicial control .
so , in both the public and the private sphere , there are now [large] accretions of power that are not subject to any effective means of either political or judicial control .

In part , at least , this is due to the fact that there is a substantial lobby amongst Labour Members of Parliament for whom abolition is the only acceptable reform .
in part , at least , this is due to the fact that there is a [large] lobby amongst labour members of parliament for whom abolition is the only acceptable reform .

Where there are more than two parties which command a substantial vote in the country , the simple primary voting system produces even more distorted results , even within a single constituency .
where there are more than two parties which command a [large] vote in the country , the simple primary voting system produces even more distorted results , even within a single constituency .

Such a majority is likely , under the simple primary voting system , even on a substantial minority of primary votes .
such a majority is likely , under the simple primary voting system , even on a [large] minority of primary votes .

( b ) The election campaign It is not necessary for a candidate to have substantial support in order to stand ; all that he needs is the signature of 10 qualified electors .
( b ) the election campaign it is not necessary for a candidate to have [large] support in order to stand ; all that he needs is the signature of 10 qualified electors .

So far as Government Bills are concerned , it is no exaggeration to say that the substantial task of legislating will have been largely discharged before the Bill is even read a first time in the House in which it is introduced ( Bills may normally be introduced in either House , thence proceeding to the other ) .
so far as government bills are concerned , it is no exaggeration to say that the [large] task of legislating will have been largely discharged before the bill is even read a first time in the house in which it is introduced ( bills may normally be introduced in either house , thence proceeding to the other ) .

It is rare , today , for a substantial Act of Parliament to be comprehensive of the matters it deals with .
it is rare , today , for a [large] act of parliament to be comprehensive of the matters it deals with .

The substantial legislator is the Church Assembly , a tripartite body consisting of the Houses of Bishops , Clergy and Laity .
the [large] legislator is the church assembly , a tripartite body consisting of the houses of bishops , clergy and laity .

In substance , the Church of England is now self-regulating and Parliament 's role in connection with its legislation little more than a throwback to the days when the established Church had a more substantial role to play in the affairs of the State .
in substance , the church of england is now self-regulating and parliament 's role in connection with its legislation little more than a throwback to the days when the established church had a more [large] role to play in the affairs of the state .

The Standing Orders of the House , particularly those of the House of Commons , do ensure that a substantial amount of time is made available for non-governmental business .
the standing orders of the house , particularly those of the house of commons , do ensure that a [large] amount of time is made available for non-governmental business .

Otherwise , it means any Bill imposing a charge on public funds and the House of Lords may have a substantial interest in its overall contents .
otherwise , it means any bill imposing a charge on public funds and the house of lords may have a [large] interest in its overall contents .

It is extremely doubtful if Tudor monarchs would have conceded sovereignty to Parliament , at all events in any real and substantial sense .
it is extremely doubtful if tudor monarchs would have conceded sovereignty to parliament , at all events in any real and [large] sense .

This modern view has come about not as a result of any further substantial constitutional developments — perhaps strangely , or perhaps significantly , the issue has never been seriously tested — rather , it has come to enjoy widespread , although not universal acquiescence largely because Dicey ( following Stephen and an equivocating Blackstone ) posited it as a central feature of the English constitution and because it has a deceptively simple logical appeal .
this modern view has come about not as a result of any further [large] constitutional developments — perhaps strangely , or perhaps significantly , the issue has never been seriously tested — rather , it has come to enjoy widespread , although not universal acquiescence largely because dicey ( following stephen and an equivocating blackstone ) posited it as a central feature of the english constitution and because it has a deceptively simple logical appeal .

It suggests that the courts are entitled to be satisfied that certain minimal procedural requirements have been fulfilled but that , thereafter , and provided that they are fulfilled , no objection can be taken to the validity of the Act on grounds of its substantial content .
it suggests that the courts are entitled to be satisfied that certain minimal procedural requirements have been fulfilled but that , thereafter , and provided that they are fulfilled , no objection can be taken to the validity of the act on grounds of its [large] content .

It has no substantial legislative powers and is as much a debating chamber as anything .
it has no [large] legislative powers and is as much a debating chamber as anything .

In terms of practical day-to-day administration , which is substantial and significant , the Commission is effectively in charge , but its activities are , in the end , prescribed by the Council .
in terms of practical day-to-day administration , which is [large] and significant , the commission is effectively in charge , but its activities are , in the end , prescribed by the council .

In a very real and substantial sense , this deficiency in the United Kingdom constitution is remedied by the European Convention on Human Rights and Fundamental Freedoms .
in a very real and [large] sense , this deficiency in the united kingdom constitution is remedied by the european convention on human rights and fundamental freedoms .

All that has changed over the centuries is that the monarch used to be the substantial head of the government and it is , indeed , still the case that , legally , much central government executive authority continues to reside in the monarch .
all that has changed over the centuries is that the monarch used to be the [large] head of the government and it is , indeed , still the case that , legally , much central government executive authority continues to reside in the monarch .

Such a practice eventually attracted the suspicion and hostility of Parliament ; it opened up the possibility of the monarch exercising a substantial ‘ pay-roll ’ influence over Parliament itself .
such a practice eventually attracted the suspicion and hostility of parliament ; it opened up the possibility of the monarch exercising a [large] ‘ pay-roll ’ influence over parliament itself .

More important , it was subversive of the control and influence over events which Parliament sought to exercise that the monarch exercising a substantial ‘ pay-roll ’ influence over Parliament itself .
more important , it was subversive of the control and influence over events which parliament sought to exercise that the monarch exercising a [large] ‘ pay-roll ’ influence over parliament itself .

The medical requirements are : By day : frequent attention throughout the day in connection with bodily functions or continual supervision throughout the day in order to avoid substantial danger to the disabled person or others .
the medical requirements are : by day : frequent attention throughout the day in connection with bodily functions or continual supervision throughout the day in order to avoid [large] danger to the disabled person or others .

At night : prolonged or repeated attention during the night in connection with bodily functions ; or continual supervision throughout the night in order to avoid substantial danger to the disabled person or others .
at night : prolonged or repeated attention during the night in connection with bodily functions ; or continual supervision throughout the night in order to avoid [large] danger to the disabled person or others .

Meanwhile , on 20 January 1920 , the dwindling sales of Champagne suffered yet another downward spiral , when the American Prohibition Bill was passed ( although ‘ bootleggers ’ still managed to smuggle in substantial consignments ) .
meanwhile , on 20 january 1920 , the dwindling sales of champagne suffered yet another downward spiral , when the american prohibition bill was passed ( although ‘ bootleggers ’ still managed to smuggle in [large] consignments ) .

So vignerons purchasing bench grafted vinestock will save one year of productivity from their vineyard , a substantial proportion of their income .
so vignerons purchasing bench grafted vinestock will save one year of productivity from their vineyard , a [large] proportion of their income .

Try this as a snack for two or a substantial meal for one
try this as a snack for two or a [large] meal for one

Moreover , the anti-war lobbies are now substantial and enjoy an entirely respectable status .
moreover , the anti-war lobbies are now [large] and enjoy an entirely respectable status .

It was a substantial , two-storey , L-shaped house standing to the east of the track with walls partly flint and partly rendered , enclosing at the rear a courtyard of York stone which gave an uninterrupted view over fifty yards of scrub to the grassy dunes and the sea .
it was a [large] , two-storey , l-shaped house standing to the east of the track with walls partly flint and partly rendered , enclosing at the rear a courtyard of york stone which gave an uninterrupted view over fifty yards of scrub to the grassy dunes and the sea .

In the adjoining two storey block nominal alterations were carried out to improve the Ground Floor Art Department , and substantial upgrading of the Kitchen was undertaken to cater for the increased requirements , involving replacement of all catering equipment and servery counters , improved washing-up facilities and new tiled floor and wall finishes .
in the adjoining two storey block nominal alterations were carried out to improve the ground floor art department , and [large] upgrading of the kitchen was undertaken to cater for the increased requirements , involving replacement of all catering equipment and servery counters , improved washing-up facilities and new tiled floor and wall finishes .

Perhaps the proof of the pudding can be seen in public attitudes , for no such projects can come to fruition without substantial support from the public .
perhaps the proof of the pudding can be seen in public attitudes , for no such projects can come to fruition without [large] support from the public .

Using evidence from all six towns , it appears that very substantial speed reductions ( of up to 20 km/h ) have been achieved with a reduction in the range from maximum to minimum .
using evidence from all six towns , it appears that very [large] speed reductions ( of up to 20 km/h ) have been achieved with a reduction in the range from maximum to minimum .

Without a commitment of this sort to reducing speeds , it is hard to imagine sustainable , widespread and substantial accident reductions of the order of fifty per cent or more .
without a commitment of this sort to reducing speeds , it is hard to imagine sustainable , widespread and [large] accident reductions of the order of fifty per cent or more .

Although the registered disabled comprise a substantial proportion — some 12 per cent — of the population of Britain , only two to three per cent of them are chairbound and only four per cent of the registered blind have a guide dog .
although the registered disabled comprise a [large] proportion — some 12 per cent — of the population of britain , only two to three per cent of them are chairbound and only four per cent of the registered blind have a guide dog .

The amount of moisture left in it became even more important than the substantial amount of relatively thick green grass left on it .
the amount of moisture left in it became even more important than the [large] amount of relatively thick green grass left on it .

Many works give initial impact through colour , but in order to remain substantial they must also have a physical quality and that means texture .
many works give initial impact through colour , but in order to remain [large] they must also have a physical quality and that means texture .

In the first place , the Conservative government had just been re-elected , in June 1987 , with a substantial majority .
in the first place , the conservative government had just been re-elected , in june 1987 , with a [large] majority .

The activities of these joint working parties was extensive and entailed the substantial involvement of teachers in Scotland in curriculum development work .
the activities of these joint working parties was extensive and entailed the [large] involvement of teachers in scotland in curriculum development work .

The commitment to improving the extent of subject match through the control of teacher education , and the exertion of influence over teacher appointments , is therefore clearly substantial .
the commitment to improving the extent of subject match through the control of teacher education , and the exertion of influence over teacher appointments , is therefore clearly [large] .

Their importance for the teacher is substantial — in a work environment where few other adults directly witness the quality of the teacher 's work , examination results provide one of the few public and apparently objective indicators of a teacher 's competence .
their importance for the teacher is [large] — in a work environment where few other adults directly witness the quality of the teacher 's work , examination results provide one of the few public and apparently objective indicators of a teacher 's competence .

The time lag is substantial and conventional wisdom is hard to dislodge … Yet we actually know a good deal about the characteristics of good care … It is unnecessary to feel our way forward in ignorance on all fronts … There is a broad knowledge base from which a high quality service can be created .
the time lag is [large] and conventional wisdom is hard to dislodge … yet we actually know a good deal about the characteristics of good care … it is unnecessary to feel our way forward in ignorance on all fronts … there is a broad knowledge base from which a high quality service can be created .

Adacom group , part of of Harris Adacom is embarking on a substantial product and organisational expansion .
adacom group , part of of harris adacom is embarking on a [large] product and organisational expansion .

By the time they reach the flat lands they have become deep and substantial — the greatest waterways in all the Old World .
by the time they reach the flat lands they have become deep and [large] — the greatest waterways in all the old world .

The accompanying map shows the most substantial rivers , but the scale does not permit us to show every stream and tributary , of which there are many thousands .
the accompanying map shows the most [large] rivers , but the scale does not permit us to show every stream and tributary , of which there are many thousands .

Taken as a single body of water , between its source and where its waters reach the sea at Marienburg as the Reik , this is the longest and most substantial river system in the Old World .
taken as a single body of water , between its source and where its waters reach the sea at marienburg as the reik , this is the longest and most [large] river system in the old world .

Altdorf is a bustling city with a substantial community of foreigners , traders , adventurers and fortune seekers .
altdorf is a bustling city with a [large] community of foreigners , traders , adventurers and fortune seekers .

Being substantial devices cast from iron or bronze , mortars are extremely difficult to damage .
being [large] devices cast from iron or bronze , mortars are extremely difficult to damage .

The Steam Tank is powered by a substantial iron boiler which feeds steam through a series of pipes and pistons to drive the wheels .
the steam tank is powered by a [large] iron boiler which feeds steam through a series of pipes and pistons to drive the wheels .

Because it is impossible to use a shield while swinging a halberd this trooper wears a substantial suit of armour to protect him .
because it is impossible to use a shield while swinging a halberd this trooper wears a [large] suit of armour to protect him .

He is especially proud of his large collection of hunting birds , which occupies a substantial mews and tends to spill out into the palace itself , so that every room has at least one large bird of prey on its perch .
he is especially proud of his large collection of hunting birds , which occupies a [large] mews and tends to spill out into the palace itself , so that every room has at least one large bird of prey on its perch .

For example , Britain lost just over one-third of her shipping tonnage ; pre-war overseas income had paid for one-quarter of imports , whereas , during the war one-quarter of overseas assets had been disposed of and other substantial assets were put out of commission ( such as plantations in the Far East ) .
for example , britain lost just over one-third of her shipping tonnage ; pre-war overseas income had paid for one-quarter of imports , whereas , during the war one-quarter of overseas assets had been disposed of and other [large] assets were put out of commission ( such as plantations in the far east ) .

War debts ( including substantial balances owed to sterling countries ) amounted to £3,500m which was the equivalent of 40 per cent of gross national product in 1945 [ Sayers , 1956 ] .
war debts ( including [large] balances owed to sterling countries ) amounted to £3,500m which was the equivalent of 40 per cent of gross national product in 1945 [ sayers , 1956 ] .

Numerous analyses leave no doubt that the scale of these changes can not be explained by any combination of relative adjustments within the context of post-war international economic recovery , the emergence of new industrial nations , the vigorous operation of comparative advantage within a high growth of trade , or by the substantial increase in semi-manufactures [ Panic , 1975 ] .
numerous analyses leave no doubt that the scale of these changes can not be explained by any combination of relative adjustments within the context of post-war international economic recovery , the emergence of new industrial nations , the vigorous operation of comparative advantage within a high growth of trade , or by the [large] increase in semi-manufactures [ panic , 1975 ] .

Had 11.0 per cent been achieved in 1975 , it would have transformed Britain 's balance of payments and turned a substantial negative current balance for that year into a modest surplus .
had 11.0 per cent been achieved in 1975 , it would have transformed britain 's balance of payments and turned a [large] negative current balance for that year into a modest surplus .

Thus , for private individuals there were considerable incentives to holding wealth in the form of dwellings and various forms of insurance which , as well , involved substantial investments in property and land .
thus , for private individuals there were considerable incentives to holding wealth in the form of dwellings and various forms of insurance which , as well , involved [large] investments in property and land .

In turn this had a substantial impact on industrial organisation , most especially through the demand for labour and capital .
in turn this had a [large] impact on industrial organisation , most especially through the demand for labour and capital .

It has presented a picture of a large number of upper-middle-class families drawing their substantial incomes from industry whilst moving in a milieu which extolled and practised the alleged virtues of the English gentleman .
it has presented a picture of a large number of upper-middle-class families drawing their [large] incomes from industry whilst moving in a milieu which extolled and practised the alleged virtues of the english gentleman .

Consideration of marketing and all it implied in terms of design , reliability , delivery and servicing , was of little importance against the basic problem of production for a world market in which there was a substantial margin of unsatisfied demands .
consideration of marketing and all it implied in terms of design , reliability , delivery and servicing , was of little importance against the basic problem of production for a world market in which there was a [large] margin of unsatisfied demands .

Automatically this implies substantial tax reductions .
automatically this implies [large] tax reductions .

There is room for argument over the degree of monopolistic competition which is acceptable , but there is no serious challenge to the view that a substantial measure of concentration is a necessary feature of large areas of industry mainly because of the needs of technology and marketing .
there is room for argument over the degree of monopolistic competition which is acceptable , but there is no serious challenge to the view that a [large] measure of concentration is a necessary feature of large areas of industry mainly because of the needs of technology and marketing .

Of the charges which have been made against the civil service , those against the Treasury have probably been the most substantial [ Brittan , 1971 ] .
of the charges which have been made against the civil service , those against the treasury have probably been the most [large] [ brittan , 1971 ] .

Paraphimosis is rare in children and unlikely to account for a substantial number of circumcisions .
paraphimosis is rare in children and unlikely to account for a [large] number of circumcisions .

As between 10 % and 30 % of consulting patients have mainly emotional problems the scope for increasing general practitioners ' counselling skills or referring patients to an in house counsellor is substantial .
as between 10 % and 30 % of consulting patients have mainly emotional problems the scope for increasing general practitioners ' counselling skills or referring patients to an in house counsellor is [large] .

This represents a very significant proportion of the world 's airline capacity , and whatever was the cause of this accident could have substantial repercussions threatening the safety of anyone who flew in this type of aircraft , not to mention the financial implications involved .
this represents a very significant proportion of the world 's airline capacity , and whatever was the cause of this accident could have [large] repercussions threatening the safety of anyone who flew in this type of aircraft , not to mention the financial implications involved .

The amount of work this alerting action brought about was substantial because of the large number of Boeing 707/300 series aircraft flying in the world , all of which were necessarily involved .
the amount of work this alerting action brought about was [large] because of the large number of boeing 707/300 series aircraft flying in the world , all of which were necessarily involved .

The reason for this substantial discrepancy had to be established .
the reason for this [large] discrepancy had to be established .

On the other hand they can not be expected to do their job efficiently unless they have a substantial background of experience in commanding large public transport aircraft or their military equivalents .
on the other hand they can not be expected to do their job efficiently unless they have a [large] background of experience in commanding large public transport aircraft or their military equivalents .

The complexities of modern aircraft are very substantial , from the basic structure and engine aspect to the hydraulic , electric , electronic and life support ( pressurisation and temperature control ) systems , not to mention the more fundamental and somewhat more theoretical matters such as aerodynamics , strength of materials ( and , most important , the mode of failure of materials ) , theory of flight in fixed wing , rotary wing ( helicopters and autogyros ) , lighter-than-air craft , and so on .
the complexities of modern aircraft are very [large] , from the basic structure and engine aspect to the hydraulic , electric , electronic and life support ( pressurisation and temperature control ) systems , not to mention the more fundamental and somewhat more theoretical matters such as aerodynamics , strength of materials ( and , most important , the mode of failure of materials ) , theory of flight in fixed wing , rotary wing ( helicopters and autogyros ) , lighter-than-air craft , and so on .

This was a wire type recorder , and it so happened that during the very substantial impact a piece of structure cut across the take-up spool presenting the investigators with something like 11 000 lengths of wire about ten inches long on which the events were recorded .
this was a wire type recorder , and it so happened that during the very [large] impact a piece of structure cut across the take-up spool presenting the investigators with something like 11 000 lengths of wire about ten inches long on which the events were recorded .

We have to thank the somewhat substantial conquests of that outstanding French general for a high degree of uniformity in some aspects of European law , for his armies were followed by another army of administrators who imposed their own type of law as well as order wherever they conquered .
we have to thank the somewhat [large] conquests of that outstanding french general for a high degree of uniformity in some aspects of european law , for his armies were followed by another army of administrators who imposed their own type of law as well as order wherever they conquered .

All these activities require a substantial bureaucracy to ensure that the licences and certificates are kept up to date and to enforce the regulations .
all these activities require a [large] bureaucracy to ensure that the licences and certificates are kept up to date and to enforce the regulations .

This very substantial amount of information enables the investigator to have a comprehensive appreciation of what is happening during the flight .
this very [large] amount of information enables the investigator to have a comprehensive appreciation of what is happening during the flight .

Examination of the wreckage showed that the pressure dome at the rear of the passenger cabin had ruptured from the bottom where there was substantial evidence of corrosion over a distance of more than 18 inches .
examination of the wreckage showed that the pressure dome at the rear of the passenger cabin had ruptured from the bottom where there was [large] evidence of corrosion over a distance of more than 18 inches .

The criteria upon which the design of the tailplanes was based did not take into account the possibility that a substantial differential pressure could exist in the tail structure other than that caused by aerodynamic loads .
the criteria upon which the design of the tailplanes was based did not take into account the possibility that a [large] differential pressure could exist in the tail structure other than that caused by aerodynamic loads .

We were told that there would be a substantial charge for what used to be a free option : buttonholes on the sleeves .
we were told that there would be a [large] charge for what used to be a free option : buttonholes on the sleeves .

1989 was another excellent year for Enterprise Oil , with a substantial rise of 57 % in profit after tax to £115.6 million .
1989 was another excellent year for enterprise oil , with a [large] rise of 57 % in profit after tax to £115.6 million .

The course is designed to broaden your understanding of current changes in the provision of vocational and educational training , to link this theoretical understanding to your professional practice and enable you to produce substantial pieces of work through projects , reports and a dissertation .
the course is designed to broaden your understanding of current changes in the provision of vocational and educational training , to link this theoretical understanding to your professional practice and enable you to produce [large] pieces of work through projects , reports and a dissertation .

Why we are helping the explosion of small business by assisting black entrepreneurs with training , guidance and substantial contracts .
why we are helping the explosion of small business by assisting black entrepreneurs with training , guidance and [large] contracts .

When you join the Golf Plus Club , as a member you are presented with a free book of privilege vouchers that offer substantial discounts on a whole range of golf products and services .
when you join the golf plus club , as a member you are presented with a free book of privilege vouchers that offer [large] discounts on a whole range of golf products and services .

County council chiefs believe the project is important both locally and nationally — and propose the authority gives ‘ substantial funds ’ to help , although it is not yet known how much .
county council chiefs believe the project is important both locally and nationally — and propose the authority gives ‘ [large] funds ’ to help , although it is not yet known how much .

Mr Wiggins added he would rather have seen road fund duty — raised from £110 to £125 — scrapped and replaced with even more substantial hikes in petrol prices than the 12p a gallon ( unleaded ) and 15p ( leaded ) set yesterday .
mr wiggins added he would rather have seen road fund duty — raised from £110 to £125 — scrapped and replaced with even more [large] hikes in petrol prices than the 12p a gallon ( unleaded ) and 15p ( leaded ) set yesterday .

In about 1522 Tyndale was ordained and returned to Gloucestershire as chaplain and tutor to the children of Sir John Walsh , a substantial landlord . Sir John kept a hospitable table and according to Foxe
in about 1522 tyndale was ordained and returned to gloucestershire as chaplain and tutor to the children of sir john walsh , a [large] landlord . sir john kept a hospitable table and according to foxe

He was a capable administrator who restored the finances of Pembroke Hall , Cambridge during his Mastership and carried out substantial structural repairs in each of his dioceses .
he was a capable administrator who restored the finances of pembroke hall , cambridge during his mastership and carried out [large] structural repairs in each of his dioceses .

In 1830 the poet Southey edited the first high-quality edition , including a substantial biography of Bunyan .
in 1830 the poet southey edited the first high-quality edition , including a [large] biography of bunyan .

Moreover , the anti-war lobbies are now substantial and enjoy an entirely respectable status .
moreover , the anti-war lobbies are now [large] and enjoy an entirely respectable status .

This and the replication in Murchison House , Edinburgh , of courses given at Keyworth led to a substantial increase in staff attendance .
this and the replication in murchison house , edinburgh , of courses given at keyworth led to a [large] increase in staff attendance .

It should come as no surprise that , in a society with increasing numbers of very old people , proportionately and absolutely , a substantial proportion of whom have a serious degree of mental infirmity , a significant number will suffer abuse .
it should come as no surprise that , in a society with increasing numbers of very old people , proportionately and absolutely , a [large] proportion of whom have a serious degree of mental infirmity , a significant number will suffer abuse .

For example , a substantial number of siblings , even cousins , are involved in these interactions as Wenger ( 1984 ) has shown .
for example , a [large] number of siblings , even cousins , are involved in these interactions as wenger ( 1984 ) has shown .

So far as the old , mutually dependent carers are concerned , this work is valuable in reminding us of the substantial numbers of men who perform these functions for their wives .
so far as the old , mutually dependent carers are concerned , this work is valuable in reminding us of the [large] numbers of men who perform these functions for their wives .

It shows , unequivocally , that many men in the last years of their lives do assume roles and perform tasks which have been traditionally associated with women , and it is clear that a substantial number do so with skill and tenderness .
it shows , unequivocally , that many men in the last years of their lives do assume roles and perform tasks which have been traditionally associated with women , and it is clear that a [large] number do so with skill and tenderness .

Amongst the ‘ old carers ’ , as has already been indicated , there are a substantial number of siblings , especially sisters .
amongst the ‘ old carers ’ , as has already been indicated , there are a [large] number of siblings , especially sisters .

But it should be noted that a substantial minority ( 45 per cent ) of single adults caring for such parents were male .
but it should be noted that a [large] minority ( 45 per cent ) of single adults caring for such parents were male .

However , a substantial number of the carers in this category are in fact over retirement age .
however , a [large] number of the carers in this category are in fact over retirement age .

Amongst the carers themselves , ‘ isolation , frustration and resignation ’ were near universal in the sample , with a substantial number estimating that their sense of self-worth had suffered as a result of their situation .
amongst the carers themselves , ‘ isolation , frustration and resignation ’ were near universal in the sample , with a [large] number estimating that their sense of self-worth had suffered as a result of their situation .

In Chapter 8 , issues arising from the presence in this country of substantial ethnic minorities will be discussed .
in chapter 8 , issues arising from the presence in this country of [large] ethnic minorities will be discussed .

Thus , for example , there are substantial numbers of very old Jews , comparatively few very old Asians .
thus , for example , there are [large] numbers of very old jews , comparatively few very old asians .

What , then , do we make of the substantial and growing literature on informal carers ? There would seem to be three points of especial significance .
what , then , do we make of the [large] and growing literature on informal carers ? there would seem to be three points of especial significance .

Nearly all voluntary organisations depend to a substantial extent on funding from statutory services .
nearly all voluntary organisations depend to a [large] extent on funding from statutory services .

Of the very old , about one in four will have a substantial degree of mental infirmity , often dementia , which seriously impairs their capacity to function competently in a domestic setting .
of the very old , about one in four will have a [large] degree of mental infirmity , often dementia , which seriously impairs their capacity to function competently in a domestic setting .

These are all substantial and serious points which make specific decisions for and with individual old people morally onerous and professionally demanding .
these are all [large] and serious points which make specific decisions for and with individual old people morally onerous and professionally demanding .

Scotland Yard said a ‘ substantial amount of firearms and explosives ’ had been recovered from the house .
scotland yard said a ‘ [large] amount of firearms and explosives ’ had been recovered from the house .

He said this reflected the substantial investment in coastal defences made by successive governments and local agencies , as well as the professionalism of the emergency services and other organisations involved .
he said this reflected the [large] investment in coastal defences made by successive governments and local agencies , as well as the professionalism of the emergency services and other organisations involved .

She was grabbed and thrown against a wall by two teenagers who snatched the ‘ substantial ’ amount of cash she had just withdrawn .
she was grabbed and thrown against a wall by two teenagers who snatched the ‘ [large] ’ amount of cash she had just withdrawn .

Nevertheless , the opinion polls which test public confidence in the future of the economy are showing a substantial majority on the side of gloom , if not doom .
nevertheless , the opinion polls which test public confidence in the future of the economy are showing a [large] majority on the side of gloom , if not doom .

Another Yorkshire pit , Markham Main , could become economically viable if there was weekend working and longer shifts , but the colliery would require an extensive amount of development and ‘ substantial improvement ’ in the work ethos , said the report .
another yorkshire pit , markham main , could become economically viable if there was weekend working and longer shifts , but the colliery would require an extensive amount of development and ‘ [large] improvement ’ in the work ethos , said the report .

… rectangular , precisely laid-out and constructed in substantial earth-fast foundations .
… rectangular , precisely laid-out and constructed in [large] earth-fast foundations .

The Asylum Bill , published in November 1991 , intended to ensure ‘ a substantial acceleration and simplification of the procedures used to deal with applications for asylum ’ .
the asylum bill , published in november 1991 , intended to ensure ‘ a [large] acceleration and simplification of the procedures used to deal with applications for asylum ’ .

‘ We will be trying to make attempts to obtain substantial sponsorship .
‘ we will be trying to make attempts to obtain [large] sponsorship .

Mr David McCall , Anglia 's chief executive , said the partnership would ‘ provide substantial funding to expand into new programme areas including comedy , co-production and co-financing with independent producers . ’
mr david mccall , anglia 's chief executive , said the partnership would ‘ provide [large] funding to expand into new programme areas including comedy , co-production and co-financing with independent producers . ’

Nevertheless , the result is certainly a substantial change on the pattern of previous responses .
nevertheless , the result is certainly a [large] change on the pattern of previous responses .

In substantial part , this is because a less vigorously expanding economy and the movement of industry to economically more favoured locations have denied to the underclass those relatively stable and orderly industrial employments once available in the large cities .
in [large] part , this is because a less vigorously expanding economy and the movement of industry to economically more favoured locations have denied to the underclass those relatively stable and orderly industrial employments once available in the large cities .

The arrival of the substantial numbers of new fighter pilots allowed some more of the old stalwarts to be rested , notably Sgt .
the arrival of the [large] numbers of new fighter pilots allowed some more of the old stalwarts to be rested , notably sgt .

At the same time a fairly substantial Luftwaffe attack was launched against Malta by the units briefly based in Sicily , and this led to some severe fighting over the island on 6 May .
at the same time a fairly [large] luftwaffe attack was launched against malta by the units briefly based in sicily , and this led to some severe fighting over the island on 6 may .

Substantial changes to medical education and research are outlined .
[large] changes to medical education and research are outlined .

It has been decided that the introductory day on future courses should include a substantial session on confidentiality .
it has been decided that the introductory day on future courses should include a [large] session on confidentiality .

The people have worked together to construct a health centre ; a substantial whitewashed building , cool and clean .
the people have worked together to construct a health centre ; a [large] whitewashed building , cool and clean .

But it hurt the candidate : whatever they say publicly , Tory officials acknowledge privately that Taylor received ‘ a substantial amount ’ of racist hate mail .
but it hurt the candidate : whatever they say publicly , tory officials acknowledge privately that taylor received ‘ a [large] amount ’ of racist hate mail .

Instead of the usual embarrassed note next morning , she leaves him the fragmentary manuscript of Rory 's own Crow Road : a folder of gnomic jottings and descriptions that represents a more substantial legacy than his father 's .
instead of the usual embarrassed note next morning , she leaves him the fragmentary manuscript of rory 's own crow road : a folder of gnomic jottings and descriptions that represents a more [large] legacy than his father 's .

While there are substantial objections to this argument which we put forward below , this approach offers a robust corrective to the popular myth that new technology per se is bound to destroy jobs on a grand scale .
while there are [large] objections to this argument which we put forward below , this approach offers a robust corrective to the popular myth that new technology per se is bound to destroy jobs on a grand scale .

There appears to be little evidence that as a society we have become so rich that a substantial number of people are at this point .
there appears to be little evidence that as a society we have become so rich that a [large] number of people are at this point .

The full-strength argument is that there are often substantial costs to employing someone which mean that a company might choose to employ a machine rather than a person even if that person 's wages cost them nothing .
the full-strength argument is that there are often [large] costs to employing someone which mean that a company might choose to employ a machine rather than a person even if that person 's wages cost them nothing .

Nevertheless , the rapid uptake of the technology , with the implications this has for very substantial job displacement in some sectors , even if matched in the longer term by job creation elsewhere , is highly likely to create further problems for the economy and for society to handle .
nevertheless , the rapid uptake of the technology , with the implications this has for very [large] job displacement in some sectors , even if matched in the longer term by job creation elsewhere , is highly likely to create further problems for the economy and for society to handle .

One possible implication of this , suggests Gershuny , is that there would be a substantial reduction in the overall numbers formally employed , with the unemployed making creative use of the opportunities these consumer durables make possible in the home — a more benign version of Cooley 's vision described earlier .
one possible implication of this , suggests gershuny , is that there would be a [large] reduction in the overall numbers formally employed , with the unemployed making creative use of the opportunities these consumer durables make possible in the home — a more benign version of cooley 's vision described earlier .

They also reported a substantial increase in productivity .
they also reported a [large] increase in productivity .

Firstly , they admit that , although there is now a substantial body of knowledge about what makes a job a good one , there is much less knowledge available so far about how to apply job design theories in real life settings .
firstly , they admit that , although there is now a [large] body of knowledge about what makes a job a good one , there is much less knowledge available so far about how to apply job design theories in real life settings .

Given the substantial investment in developing that technology over many years , this form of working is now probably the most efficient way of running this industry .
given the [large] investment in developing that technology over many years , this form of working is now probably the most efficient way of running this industry .

The former study compared carefully matched samples of British , French , and German factories , and having held as constant as possible factors such as size of enterprise , technology , and the firm 's environment , discovered substantial differences in the way work was organised in the three countries , concluding that these could best be accounted for by features of each nation 's culture , and in particular its educational and occupational structures .
the former study compared carefully matched samples of british , french , and german factories , and having held as constant as possible factors such as size of enterprise , technology , and the firm 's environment , discovered [large] differences in the way work was organised in the three countries , concluding that these could best be accounted for by features of each nation 's culture , and in particular its educational and occupational structures .

It is , however , also the case that at that time the company was facing very substantial difficulties in recruiting labour .
it is , however , also the case that at that time the company was facing very [large] difficulties in recruiting labour .

Firstly , it could be argued that there was not sufficient evidence to warrant a criminal prosecution , and the Crown Office would need more if this was to proceed ; and secondly , that there was enough evidence to make it impossible to drop the case , but more was needed to make it substantial .
firstly , it could be argued that there was not sufficient evidence to warrant a criminal prosecution , and the crown office would need more if this was to proceed ; and secondly , that there was enough evidence to make it impossible to drop the case , but more was needed to make it [large] .

It was , after all , less than a year ago that he sold a substantial quantity of Amstrad shares .
it was , after all , less than a year ago that he sold a [large] quantity of amstrad shares .

Having already made substantial structural changes to his garage to make room for the aeroplane 's assembly , and storage when complete , he spent the first days after its arrival using some of the surplus lumber from its packing crate to build a workbench , only to discover on completion that it all had to come apart again to extract the stepladder he 'd used to support it during assembly .
having already made [large] structural changes to his garage to make room for the aeroplane 's assembly , and storage when complete , he spent the first days after its arrival using some of the surplus lumber from its packing crate to build a workbench , only to discover on completion that it all had to come apart again to extract the stepladder he 'd used to support it during assembly .

The Labour Party should be advocating in the strongest terms a substantial increase in Child Benefit , even if this means increasing income tax on people earning as ‘ little ’ as £14,000 , together possibly with increases in excise duties .
the labour party should be advocating in the strongest terms a [large] increase in child benefit , even if this means increasing income tax on people earning as ‘ little ’ as £14,000 , together possibly with increases in excise duties .

Nor was he likely to win in North Down , despite a substantial district council base , because of the popularity of the maverick unionist incumbent , James Kilfedder .
nor was he likely to win in north down , despite a [large] district council base , because of the popularity of the maverick unionist incumbent , james kilfedder .

Ramsay was the first to ride off , with an unknown but substantial following , north-about round the town 's broken-down walling .
ramsay was the first to ride off , with an unknown but [large] following , north-about round the town 's broken-down walling .

Indeed they were given a meal , more substantial than any they had been able to enjoy at Berwick for a while , before they set off again .
indeed they were given a meal , more [large] than any they had been able to enjoy at berwick for a while , before they set off again .

Economic difficulties experienced in Zambia since this 1971 debate have delayed still further any substantial improvements , although a new studio centre has been built .
economic difficulties experienced in zambia since this 1971 debate have delayed still further any [large] improvements , although a new studio centre has been built .

In two important maize-growing areas , fewer than half of those interviewed had heard of the increased price , and in an area where the Government was keen to encourage a substantial increase in local production , less than one in ten had heard of the new prices .
in two important maize-growing areas , fewer than half of those interviewed had heard of the increased price , and in an area where the government was keen to encourage a [large] increase in local production , less than one in ten had heard of the new prices .

Before independence , a daily half-hour in Asian languages had been introduced in 1959 to cater for the territory 's substantial Asian minority .
before independence , a daily half-hour in asian languages had been introduced in 1959 to cater for the territory 's [large] asian minority .

Because of controls over food prices , an enormous food shortage was created , which was then partly alleviated by substantial increases in food imports — in 1972 food imports rose by 44 per cent .
because of controls over food prices , an enormous food shortage was created , which was then partly alleviated by [large] increases in food imports — in 1972 food imports rose by 44 per cent .

As we saw earlier there were various mechanisms built into the Hebrew economic system to prevent permanent and substantial economic inequality from developing .
as we saw earlier there were various mechanisms built into the hebrew economic system to prevent permanent and [large] economic inequality from developing .

No indemnity will be given for loss of cash , bank currency and so on listed in Clause 11 ( c ) — a substantial limitation of liability .
no indemnity will be given for loss of cash , bank currency and so on listed in clause 11 ( c ) — a [large] limitation of liability .

But this relief benefits only the really wealthy who can afford to give away substantial chunks of capital .
but this relief benefits only the really wealthy who can afford to give away [large] chunks of capital .

One quick way of going out of business is to be unable to meet a substantial claim because it is not covered by insurance .
one quick way of going out of business is to be unable to meet a [large] claim because it is not covered by insurance .

Damages in fatal accident cases are likely to be substantial and should not be underestimated .
damages in fatal accident cases are likely to be [large] and should not be underestimated .

But if the company in good faith and on substantial grounds disputes any liability in respect of the alleged debt , the petition will be dismissed or , if the matter is brought before a court before the petition is issued , its presentation will in normal circumstances be restrained .
but if the company in good faith and on [large] grounds disputes any liability in respect of the alleged debt , the petition will be dismissed or , if the matter is brought before a court before the petition is issued , its presentation will in normal circumstances be restrained .

Mogul of Ireland was 75 per cent owned by its Canadian parent , while the remaining 25 per cent was held by a company with substantial British shareholding .
mogul of ireland was 75 per cent owned by its canadian parent , while the remaining 25 per cent was held by a company with [large] british shareholding .

Asbestos pellets and waste brake pads were strewn about the site unburied and a large waste bin left on the site was covered with substantial quantities of asbestos dust ’ .
asbestos pellets and waste brake pads were strewn about the site unburied and a large waste bin left on the site was covered with [large] quantities of asbestos dust ’ .

Hampstead had been purchased with the now substantial royalties from Paul 's books , also the first excursion Dinah had made on to the stage since her marriage and the birth of three children .
hampstead had been purchased with the now [large] royalties from paul 's books , also the first excursion dinah had made on to the stage since her marriage and the birth of three children .

The viscera were then returned to the cavity together with a substantial quantity of camphor , nitre and resin .
the viscera were then returned to the cavity together with a [large] quantity of camphor , nitre and resin .

As for more substantial choices , health-conscious Italian appetizers include parma ham with or without melon , fresh grapefruit , insalata de mare ( seafood salad largely composed of low-caloried squid ) , and mozzarella and tomato salad .
as for more [large] choices , health-conscious italian appetizers include parma ham with or without melon , fresh grapefruit , insalata de mare ( seafood salad largely composed of low-caloried squid ) , and mozzarella and tomato salad .

But if you crave something more substantial , choose prawn or at a pinch , chicken — and preferably one of the drier versions , such as Bhuna or Madras or , even better , a Biryani .
but if you crave something more [large] , choose prawn or at a pinch , chicken — and preferably one of the drier versions , such as bhuna or madras or , even better , a biryani .

After that pleasant scene , which ended with Niki getting a substantial increase in his pay , fate struck again : at the Nürburgring on 1 August .
after that pleasant scene , which ended with niki getting a [large] increase in his pay , fate struck again : at the nürburgring on 1 august .

Here , for instance , there is no doubt that Niki was of substantial help in closing the deal which brought McLaren the hugely successful TAG/Porsche engine , developed by Porsche but financed and sponsored by Mansour Ojjeh , the son of the head of Techniques d'Avant Garde , a French high-tech company with a substantial role in the development of weaponry .
here , for instance , there is no doubt that niki was of [large] help in closing the deal which brought mclaren the hugely successful tag/porsche engine , developed by porsche but financed and sponsored by mansour ojjeh , the son of the head of techniques d'avant garde , a french high-tech company with a [large] role in the development of weaponry .

The Dee Hall is the larger and more tourist-orientated of the two , with a substantial business clientele , and it remains the group 's ‘ flagship ’ .
the dee hall is the larger and more tourist-orientated of the two , with a [large] business clientele , and it remains the group 's ‘ flagship ’ .

John Watson tends to regard himself as Mike 's adopted father , but Mike has inherited the substantial Lester shareholding and this gives him a considerable amount of independence ( which is not always to John Watson 's taste ) .
john watson tends to regard himself as mike 's adopted father , but mike has inherited the [large] lester shareholding and this gives him a considerable amount of independence ( which is not always to john watson 's taste ) .

Details of substantial holdings of the share capital of the Company at 31 May 1985 are as follows :
details of [large] holdings of the share capital of the company at 31 may 1985 are as follows :

Grand Metropolitan 's Watney ( draught brands include Manns , Norwich , Truman , Watney , Websters , Wilsons and Ushers ) is strong in the premium lager market , with three major brands ( Fosters , Holstein and a substantial share of Carlsberg ) and dominates the brown ale market .
grand metropolitan 's watney ( draught brands include manns , norwich , truman , watney , websters , wilsons and ushers ) is strong in the premium lager market , with three major brands ( fosters , holstein and a [large] share of carlsberg ) and dominates the brown ale market .

You will already have considered most of the factors under ‘ operational implications ’ , but do n't forget that you need to allow for the tea , coffee and biscuits that the second conference will be consuming in substantial quantities .
you will already have considered most of the factors under ‘ operational implications ’ , but do n't forget that you need to allow for the tea , coffee and biscuits that the second conference will be consuming in [large] quantities .

It needed a substantial amount of advertising , and the figures suggest that it did n't get it .
it needed a [large] amount of advertising , and the figures suggest that it did n't get it .

If not , costs , which in the High Court can be substantial , may be awarded against you .
if not , costs , which in the high court can be [large] , may be awarded against you .

It is not improbable that men worth £1 or less did not begin to attract attention until the later stages of the subsidy bill , as a result of the Commons ' determination to shift the burden of taxation downwards , for if the intention was to rope in labourers and servants as a makeweight , it could not have been seriously supposed that any substantial amount could be wrung from them .
it is not improbable that men worth £1 or less did not begin to attract attention until the later stages of the subsidy bill , as a result of the commons ' determination to shift the burden of taxation downwards , for if the intention was to rope in labourers and servants as a makeweight , it could not have been seriously supposed that any [large] amount could be wrung from them .

However , by early Tudor times this had changed , and strangers , though still a substantial element , were generally less in evidence than in rural parts , while natives show few signs of having flocked in to replace them .
however , by early tudor times this had changed , and strangers , though still a [large] element , were generally less in evidence than in rural parts , while natives show few signs of having flocked in to replace them .

Chichester , with a population approaching 2,000 , also had its substantial merchants , yet its wealth was matched by that of the prosperous farming community of the coastal strip and the South Downs , despite £5,850 coming yearly into the city from all corners of Sussex as the income of the cathedral dignitaries ; almost certainly the moveable wealth of the clerical establishment was proportionately every bit as high as in Exeter , where it equalled one-sixth of aggregate lay wealth .
chichester , with a population approaching 2,000 , also had its [large] merchants , yet its wealth was matched by that of the prosperous farming community of the coastal strip and the south downs , despite £5,850 coming yearly into the city from all corners of sussex as the income of the cathedral dignitaries ; almost certainly the moveable wealth of the clerical establishment was proportionately every bit as high as in exeter , where it equalled one-sixth of aggregate lay wealth .

Presumably men of modest means would scarcely have qualified , but only 502 were worth £20 and upwards , and 406 had £40 or more , a figure that might be regarded as a reasonable minimum for a substantial businessman .
presumably men of modest means would scarcely have qualified , but only 502 were worth £20 and upwards , and 406 had £40 or more , a figure that might be regarded as a reasonable minimum for a [large] businessman .

in ready money , a substantial amount for the times by any reckoning .
in ready money , a [large] amount for the times by any reckoning .

Moreover Tao claims to have found substantial funding and board-level interest from some of the biggest Japanese computer and electronics companies , the identities of which will be announced this summer .
moreover tao claims to have found [large] funding and board-level interest from some of the biggest japanese computer and electronics companies , the identities of which will be announced this summer .

To assume that the proletariat will be able to defend its dictatorship against entanglement is to assume in history itself a substantial and given principle which would drive ambiguity from it , sum it up , totalise it , and close it . ( 221 )
to assume that the proletariat will be able to defend its dictatorship against entanglement is to assume in history itself a [large] and given principle which would drive ambiguity from it , sum it up , totalise it , and close it . ( 221 )

The parents of such a pupil would pay a substantial fee to his instructor , who would benefit not only from the additional income but also from assistance with his patients .
the parents of such a pupil would pay a [large] fee to his instructor , who would benefit not only from the additional income but also from assistance with his patients .

‘ From the records available , it would seem to have been a substantial and well-constructed building , typical of its time with pleasant grounds and circular carriage drives front and rear . ’
‘ from the records available , it would seem to have been a [large] and well-constructed building , typical of its time with pleasant grounds and circular carriage drives front and rear . ’

Fewer teachers have difficulties in responding to reminders that children share substantial common ground regardless of whatever special attention they may need at any one time .
fewer teachers have difficulties in responding to reminders that children share [large] common ground regardless of whatever special attention they may need at any one time .

In the 1960s and 1970s a substantial body of evidence emerged which claimed that schools made little or no difference to pupils ' outcomes .
in the 1960s and 1970s a [large] body of evidence emerged which claimed that schools made little or no difference to pupils ' outcomes .

Substantial numbers of assistants wanted training in specific skills , particularly behaviour management and first aid , and about half regarded attendance at a training course on the general role of the assistant as important .
[large] numbers of assistants wanted training in specific skills , particularly behaviour management and first aid , and about half regarded attendance at a training course on the general role of the assistant as important .

From the results of the survey it can be seen that many of the welfare assistants had varied and substantial experience of children and schools .
from the results of the survey it can be seen that many of the welfare assistants had varied and [large] experience of children and schools .

Irrespective of the type of difficulties presented by the children , there was a substantial core of activities which more than 70 per cent of the assistants engaged in .
irrespective of the type of difficulties presented by the children , there was a [large] core of activities which more than 70 per cent of the assistants engaged in .

Standard weepers will be very much more ‘ top-heavy ’ and require a much more substantial stake .
standard weepers will be very much more ‘ top-heavy ’ and require a much more [large] stake .

It is rare for any substantial report to be published within less than two years of the end of the data-collection phase , and it is very often a great deal longer than this .
it is rare for any [large] report to be published within less than two years of the end of the data-collection phase , and it is very often a great deal longer than this .

By giving substantial coverage to environmental issues , the mass media call attention to them .
by giving [large] coverage to environmental issues , the mass media call attention to them .

Sometimes , though , there is substantial support for the view that the media are important in forming public perceptions ; one can find evidence for this in studies of ‘ agenda-setting ’ , ‘ race and the mass media ’ , ‘ reporting the welfare state ’ , as well as studies of ‘ moral panics ’ .
sometimes , though , there is [large] support for the view that the media are important in forming public perceptions ; one can find evidence for this in studies of ‘ agenda-setting ’ , ‘ race and the mass media ’ , ‘ reporting the welfare state ’ , as well as studies of ‘ moral panics ’ .

When it failed to attract substantial readers , it faced a financial crisis which forced it to curtail some of its journalistic efforts .
when it failed to attract [large] readers , it faced a financial crisis which forced it to curtail some of its journalistic efforts .

It is worth noting , for instance , that all the new titles coming out in the United Kingdom in recent years have had substantial backing from a variety of sources : finance corporations , industrial interests , media interests , and so on .
it is worth noting , for instance , that all the new titles coming out in the united kingdom in recent years have had [large] backing from a variety of sources : finance corporations , industrial interests , media interests , and so on .

Both critiques have substantial analytic support .
both critiques have [large] analytic support .

In a period when all other popular newspapers gained substantial readers , the Herald lost over 700,000 copies in sales .
in a period when all other popular newspapers gained [large] readers , the herald lost over 700,000 copies in sales .

If one were to include other categories of ‘ news ’ , such as ‘ Law , police and accidents ’ — a category excluded from the public affairs one — then the reader would have had access to substantial amounts of information about the outside world .
if one were to include other categories of ‘ news ’ , such as ‘ law , police and accidents ’ — a category excluded from the public affairs one — then the reader would have had access to [large] amounts of information about the outside world .

Another point worth remembering is that many insurance companies give substantial discounts to mature drivers .
another point worth remembering is that many insurance companies give [large] discounts to mature drivers .

Silverman argues that no British-based search firm can offer an effective service and earn substantial total fees without the support of an overseas network ; few would dispute this .
silverman argues that no british-based search firm can offer an effective service and earn [large] total fees without the support of an overseas network ; few would dispute this .

It may yet prove attractive for one of those two international firms to be purchased , and there would be substantial competition in order to acquire an executive search firm with such a famous international brand name .
it may yet prove attractive for one of those two international firms to be purchased , and there would be [large] competition in order to acquire an executive search firm with such a famous international brand name .

Hospital medicine has become routinised , but general practice still has substantial elements of charisma .
hospital medicine has become routinised , but general practice still has [large] elements of charisma .

The respective eligibility rulings are : common eligibility ; maximum of two solicitors per firm ; and , finally the present criterion , ‘ substantial criminal experience ’ with no maximum number per firm .
the respective eligibility rulings are : common eligibility ; maximum of two solicitors per firm ; and , finally the present criterion , ‘ [large] criminal experience ’ with no maximum number per firm .

Consensus was reached with the third and current criterion : that each solicitor must have ‘ substantial criminal experience .
consensus was reached with the third and current criterion : that each solicitor must have ‘ [large] criminal experience .

Each aspir-ing duty solicitor is obliged through a process of self-assessment to decide whether the requirement of ‘ substantial criminal experience ’ has been satisfied .
each aspir-ing duty solicitor is obliged through a process of self-assessment to decide whether the requirement of ‘ [large] criminal experience ’ has been satisfied .

Is it possible that the importance of ‘ substantial criminal experience ’ is being exag-gerated ?
is it possible that the importance of ‘ [large] criminal experience ’ is being exag-gerated ?

Such a position , however , makes it more difficult thereafter for the solicitor to admit that the case presents too great a challenge and that it should be transferred to a solicitor with even more ‘ substantial criminal experience ’ .
such a position , however , makes it more difficult thereafter for the solicitor to admit that the case presents too great a challenge and that it should be transferred to a solicitor with even more ‘ [large] criminal experience ’ .

The local law society holds out these solicitors to the general public as having substantial criminal experience but the rule seems to fulfil a symbolic role for the profession .
the local law society holds out these solicitors to the general public as having [large] criminal experience but the rule seems to fulfil a symbolic role for the profession .

As one solicitor told us , ‘ Substantial criminal experience ?
as one solicitor told us , ‘ [large] criminal experience ?

Peer judgement by the group of colleagues concerning substantial criminal experience is difficult given that criminal advocacy is only one part of their daily practice .
peer judgement by the group of colleagues concerning [large] criminal experience is difficult given that criminal advocacy is only one part of their daily practice .

Substantial though such rural populations were , both France and Germany had to call on immigrant agricultural labour .
[large] though such rural populations were , both france and germany had to call on immigrant agricultural labour .

More substantial stone drains were fitted into the light-wells , cellars or courtyards known as the Room of the Stone Drainhead and the Court of the Stone Spout .
more [large] stone drains were fitted into the light-wells , cellars or courtyards known as the room of the stone drainhead and the court of the stone spout .

Immediately to the north of the temple stood several substantial buildings : the North-East House , North House , North Pillar Hall and Balustrade Sanctuary ( or ‘ Royal Villa ’ ) .
immediately to the north of the temple stood several [large] buildings : the north-east house , north house , north pillar hall and balustrade sanctuary ( or ‘ royal villa ’ ) .

The western harbour , now silted up , was evidently a substantial bay in Minoan times .
the western harbour , now silted up , was evidently a [large] bay in minoan times .

The more important sacred precincts were probably bounded by more substantial walls : the Gypsades Rhyton seems to show one of these .
the more important sacred precincts were probably bounded by more [large] walls : the gypsades rhyton seems to show one of these .

The claim that individuals are the proper locus of explanation because they could do otherwise , and the claim that their actions are indeed important independent variables which make a substantial difference to the course of events are precisely the claims that must be argued for , rather than merely stated .
the claim that individuals are the proper locus of explanation because they could do otherwise , and the claim that their actions are indeed important independent variables which make a [large] difference to the course of events are precisely the claims that must be argued for , rather than merely stated .

In order to sustain a more robust disagreement , individualist theorists must contend that human autonomy makes a substantial difference to the explanation of action , and stands in the way of the determinist account supposedly favoured by holists .
in order to sustain a more robust disagreement , individualist theorists must contend that human autonomy makes a [large] difference to the explanation of action , and stands in the way of the determinist account supposedly favoured by holists .

The study of palaeontology in conjunction with geology ought to throw light on the interaction of historical events and the evolution of a substantial sample of the organisms that have inhabited this planet .
the study of palaeontology in conjunction with geology ought to throw light on the interaction of historical events and the evolution of a [large] sample of the organisms that have inhabited this planet .

Substantial cross-migration of terrestrial mammal faunas coincided with mass extinction of the endemic South American mammals which had been isolated by sea through Tertiary times .
[large] cross-migration of terrestrial mammal faunas coincided with mass extinction of the endemic south american mammals which had been isolated by sea through tertiary times .

More generally , the substantial diversity increase of faunas through the Mesozoic and Cainozoic , accelerating from mid-Cretaceous times onwards , which has recently been confirmed statistically ( Sepkoski , Bambach , Raup & Valentine , 198 1 ) , is evidently related in substantial part to the progressive break-up of the late Palaeozoic-early Mesozoic supercontinent known as Pangaea , with the consequent increase in endemism of both terrestrial and neritic groups ( Valentine , 1973 ) .
more generally , the [large] diversity increase of faunas through the mesozoic and cainozoic , accelerating from mid-cretaceous times onwards , which has recently been confirmed statistically ( sepkoski , bambach , raup & valentine , 198 1 ) , is evidently related in [large] part to the progressive break-up of the late palaeozoic-early mesozoic supercontinent known as pangaea , with the consequent increase in endemism of both terrestrial and neritic groups ( valentine , 1973 ) .

The even more familiar end-Cretaceous mass extinction event is also associated with substantial regression ( Fig .
the even more familiar end-cretaceous mass extinction event is also associated with [large] regression ( fig .

In most animals , the energetic costs of fertilization to the male are minimal whereas the costs of reproduction to the female are substantial .
in most animals , the energetic costs of fertilization to the male are minimal whereas the costs of reproduction to the female are [large] .

While it might seem to make good intuitive sense that a time-window should be small , substantial delay in detectable effect can sometimes follow the performance of an activity .
while it might seem to make good intuitive sense that a time-window should be small , [large] delay in detectable effect can sometimes follow the performance of an activity .

Consider for example the case of the avoidance of brother-sister incest , which is based to a substantial degree on an inhibition developed during close domestic association in the first six years of life .
consider for example the case of the avoidance of brother-sister incest , which is based to a [large] degree on an inhibition developed during close domestic association in the first six years of life .

Cultural anthropologists have commonly argued that the existence of substantial differences among cultures is evidence of the absence of underlying biological influence ( Sahlins , 1976 ; Harris , 1981 ) .
cultural anthropologists have commonly argued that the existence of [large] differences among cultures is evidence of the absence of underlying biological influence ( sahlins , 1976 ; harris , 1981 ) .

It is a substantial prop but supports no more than the traditional safeguards for the protection of species and against cruelty and abuse .
it is a [large] prop but supports no more than the traditional safeguards for the protection of species and against cruelty and abuse .

This is not , of course , a route of any substantial technical difficulty , but it does present many would-be suitors with severe altitude problems , ranging from headaches to full-scale nausea , and some people thought the idea of taking the girl to altitude was an unjustifiable kind of medical experiment .
this is not , of course , a route of any [large] technical difficulty , but it does present many would-be suitors with severe altitude problems , ranging from headaches to full-scale nausea , and some people thought the idea of taking the girl to altitude was an unjustifiable kind of medical experiment .

Again , windproofness is a major consideration with a good collar and a substantial wind cover over the zip .
again , windproofness is a major consideration with a good collar and a [large] wind cover over the zip .

He was held in respect by some of the participants Who had confidence in his ability to correct many of the injustices and set the country on the path to substantial reform in all areas .
he was held in respect by some of the participants who had confidence in his ability to correct many of the injustices and set the country on the path to [large] reform in all areas .

Substantial parts of the urban population were better off in material terms and there had been changes in attitudes .
[large] parts of the urban population were better off in material terms and there had been changes in attitudes .

Chan acknowledges that the state is ‘ reluctant ’ to raise salaries by substantial amounts .
chan acknowledges that the state is ‘ reluctant ’ to raise salaries by [large] amounts .

It was certainly a substantial sum .
it was certainly a [large] sum .

This month had ushered in substantial price rises on basic food items like rice , oil , pork and flour .
this month had ushered in [large] price rises on basic food items like rice , oil , pork and flour .

If such a procedure is to be successfully executed , it is likely to require careful planning and substantial time commitment .
if such a procedure is to be successfully executed , it is likely to require careful planning and [large] time commitment .

However , the average figure would need to be interpreted in the knowledge that substantial age variations were in fact a part of the ‘ normal pattern ’ .
however , the average figure would need to be interpreted in the knowledge that [large] age variations were in fact a part of the ‘ normal pattern ’ .

Another part of Colette 's method of making round , making substantial , is her habit of moving backwards and forwards , towards and away from the object .
another part of colette 's method of making round , making [large] , is her habit of moving backwards and forwards , towards and away from the object .

Indeed , if you have followed through all the exercises in this book , you have done a substantial amount of work .
indeed , if you have followed through all the exercises in this book , you have done a [large] amount of work .

While several person-months were invested in the development of a semantic net whose links were labeled with terms from Roget 's , the profit from this investment was not substantial .
while several person-months were invested in the development of a semantic net whose links were labeled with terms from roget 's , the profit from this investment was not [large] .

Some have a substantial occupational pension , and possible capital accumulation which might allow for the provision of goods and services in a period of dependency .
some have a [large] occupational pension , and possible capital accumulation which might allow for the provision of goods and services in a period of dependency .

When assessing the needs of a disabled person ( including an elderly person with disabilities ) who receives a substantial amount of care regularly from someone not employed by the local authority , the authority is required to : ‘ have regard to the ability of that person to continue to provide help on a regular basis ’ .
when assessing the needs of a disabled person ( including an elderly person with disabilities ) who receives a [large] amount of care regularly from someone not employed by the local authority , the authority is required to : ‘ have regard to the ability of that person to continue to provide help on a regular basis ’ .

Three kinds of family obligation have been identified ( Finch , 1987c ) , namely personal care , material or financial assistance of a substantial kind , and the temporary or permanent provision of a home .
three kinds of family obligation have been identified ( finch , 1987c ) , namely personal care , material or financial assistance of a [large] kind , and the temporary or permanent provision of a home .

‘ It might be expected that a substantial proportion of these also involved stolen vehicles , ’ he said .
‘ it might be expected that a [large] proportion of these also involved stolen vehicles , ’ he said .

Inflation figures due out on Friday should show inflation down slightly from 3.6 per cent in September , leaving Mr Lamont room for a substantial cut .
inflation figures due out on friday should show inflation down slightly from 3.6 per cent in september , leaving mr lamont room for a [large] cut .

The price paid includes a substantial amount for the goodwill that the brands yield .
the price paid includes a [large] amount for the goodwill that the brands yield .

just as the reduced level of import controls during the post Second World War period saw a substantial increase in world trade , so the increasingly liberal attitude to capital controls during the 1980s has seen a marked increase in cross-border investment — both to establish new factories and to engage in takeovers of existing firms .
just as the reduced level of import controls during the post second world war period saw a [large] increase in world trade , so the increasingly liberal attitude to capital controls during the 1980s has seen a marked increase in cross-border investment — both to establish new factories and to engage in takeovers of existing firms .

with Argyll 's management and substantial experience in the food and drink markets , both nationally and internationally , we can restore Distillers to the pre-eminent position it once occupied at home and abroad , and that we have the opportunity to build Distillers and Argyll into Scotland 's greatest company … based in Edinburgh and directed from there .
with argyll 's management and [large] experience in the food and drink markets , both nationally and internationally , we can restore distillers to the pre-eminent position it once occupied at home and abroad , and that we have the opportunity to build distillers and argyll into scotland 's greatest company … based in edinburgh and directed from there .

Although it is certainly true that individuals can gain a false idea about the ease of making money on the Stock Market , there is also no doubt that privatisation has generated substantial interest in the Stock Market , much of it from new investors .
although it is certainly true that individuals can gain a false idea about the ease of making money on the stock market , there is also no doubt that privatisation has generated [large] interest in the stock market , much of it from new investors .

Our aim is that British Telecom , Rolls-Royce , British Airways and substantial parts of British Steel , of British Shipbuilders and British Leyland , as well as many as possible of Britain 's airports , shall become private sector companies .
our aim is that british telecom , rolls-royce , british airways and [large] parts of british steel , of british shipbuilders and british leyland , as well as many as possible of britain 's airports , shall become private sector companies .

This was provided as a consequence of the Ryder Report , which recommended a substantial injection of public funds in April 1975 .
this was provided as a consequence of the ryder report , which recommended a [large] injection of public funds in april 1975 .

Despite substantial state investment , drastic rationalisation , increased productivity and the agreement with Honda , Austin Rover had been unable to increase its market share or return to economic viability .
despite [large] state investment , drastic rationalisation , increased productivity and the agreement with honda , austin rover had been unable to increase its market share or return to economic viability .

Volvo promised to create extra work for the two plants and to provide ‘ substantial investment ’ .
volvo promised to create extra work for the two plants and to provide ‘ [large] investment ’ .

Although many measures have been introduced , some of them extremely controversial , the basic structure of the Welfare State has remained intact and the Conservative government has appeared to be more reluctant to legislate in this area than in most others , content with modification rather than substantial revision .
although many measures have been introduced , some of them extremely controversial , the basic structure of the welfare state has remained intact and the conservative government has appeared to be more reluctant to legislate in this area than in most others , content with modification rather than [large] revision .

The existence of such substantial relief to owner-occupiers produces a major vested interest which political parties will find hard to ignore , particularly as the ranks of the owner-occupiers are swelling all the time .
the existence of such [large] relief to owner-occupiers produces a major vested interest which political parties will find hard to ignore , particularly as the ranks of the owner-occupiers are swelling all the time .

Like any vast industrial complex , it had its own substantial railway sidings to move and accept train loads of iron ore and to ship the completed products en route to its customers worldwide .
like any vast industrial complex , it had its own [large] railway sidings to move and accept train loads of iron ore and to ship the completed products en route to its customers worldwide .

As well as these large-scale pieces , Mozart wrote a number of light entertainment pieces : unpretentious divertimentos for a small group of wind instruments ( oboes , bassoons and horns ) intended to be played outdoors on a summer evening ; more substantial serenades for string quartet and two horns written for the delectation of Countess Lodron ; a serenade for seven instruments written for Nannerl 's name-day ; the massive ‘ Haffner ’ Serenade for the marriage of Elisabeth Haffner , daughter of a prominent Salzburg merchant ( this also contains a violin concerto , incorporating the famous rondo ) ; and two ‘ echo ’ serenades — the Serenata Notturna for two contrasting groups of instruments , and the Notturno for four groups of strings and horns .
as well as these large-scale pieces , mozart wrote a number of light entertainment pieces : unpretentious divertimentos for a small group of wind instruments ( oboes , bassoons and horns ) intended to be played outdoors on a summer evening ; more [large] serenades for string quartet and two horns written for the delectation of countess lodron ; a serenade for seven instruments written for nannerl 's name-day ; the massive ‘ haffner ’ serenade for the marriage of elisabeth haffner , daughter of a prominent salzburg merchant ( this also contains a violin concerto , incorporating the famous rondo ) ; and two ‘ echo ’ serenades — the serenata notturna for two contrasting groups of instruments , and the notturno for four groups of strings and horns .

Despite the substantial fee which Mozart received for Così , he was still deeply in debt .
despite the [large] fee which mozart received for così , he was still deeply in debt .

Society relies on science and makes substantial investment in it , not least from you the taxpayer , in the trust that claimed discoveries have been thoroughly and carefully researched .
society relies on science and makes [large] investment in it , not least from you the taxpayer , in the trust that claimed discoveries have been thoroughly and carefully researched .

‘ But it is a substantial amount of money and we have tried the conventional means of reclaiming it without success .
‘ but it is a [large] amount of money and we have tried the conventional means of reclaiming it without success .

Managing Director David Kohler , who owns a substantial part of the club , offered Pleat the opportunity to come in with him as a partner .
managing director david kohler , who owns a [large] part of the club , offered pleat the opportunity to come in with him as a partner .

And to aid his cause Ferguson is close to boosting his already substantial cash kitty by £800,000 with the sale of Neil Webb back to Nottingham Forest poised He could be followed out of Old Trafford by other top internationals , because Ferguson is also ready to offer Wednesday players plus cash for 24-year-old Hirst .
and to aid his cause ferguson is close to boosting his already [large] cash kitty by £800,000 with the sale of neil webb back to nottingham forest poised he could be followed out of old trafford by other top internationals , because ferguson is also ready to offer wednesday players plus cash for 24-year-old hirst .

But they are still used as nest-eggs and , in particular , they could find favour among directors with substantial interests in multi-nationals .
but they are still used as nest-eggs and , in particular , they could find favour among directors with [large] interests in multi-nationals .

The suite features a substantial Pavarotti-sized shower where the Yeltsins can prepare for their visit to the Stock Exchange , laying a wreath at Westminster Abbey , and that night 's banquet with Prime Minister at the Royal Naval College , Greenwich .
the suite features a [large] pavarotti-sized shower where the yeltsins can prepare for their visit to the stock exchange , laying a wreath at westminster abbey , and that night 's banquet with prime minister at the royal naval college , greenwich .

The one per cent cut wo n't have a substantial impact on people 's expectations and confidence .
the one per cent cut wo n't have a [large] impact on people 's expectations and confidence .

He could have used exports to get the economy going with a substantial reduction in the exchange rate and greater devaluation .
he could have used exports to get the economy going with a [large] reduction in the exchange rate and greater devaluation .

Labour said the one per cent rise amounted to ‘ substantial cuts ’ .
labour said the one per cent rise amounted to ‘ [large] cuts ’ .

Contrary to such perceptions , the family still remains the biggest single source of care for older people by a very substantial degree ( Means , 1986 ) .
contrary to such perceptions , the family still remains the biggest single source of care for older people by a very [large] degree ( means , 1986 ) .

He had already told her that Gioella 's husband , Signor de Grignano , was a very rich industrialist in Milan who had managed to treble his already substantial fortune during the war .
he had already told her that gioella 's husband , signor de grignano , was a very rich industrialist in milan who had managed to treble his already [large] fortune during the war .

there is a substantial landmass near one of the poles — in the case of the current ice age , Antarctica fits the bill
there is a [large] landmass near one of the poles — in the case of the current ice age , antarctica fits the bill

‘ a certain building ( or part of a certain building ) namely … ’ Building means a substantial , permanent structure , usually constructed of brick , stone or wood or any combination of them which has walls and a roof .
‘ a certain building ( or part of a certain building ) namely … ’ building means a [large] , permanent structure , usually constructed of brick , stone or wood or any combination of them which has walls and a roof .

By 1900 most of Britain 's industrial rivals had substantial tariffs in place .
by 1900 most of britain 's industrial rivals had [large] tariffs in place .

The substantial minority at The Hague who opposed the plan to send envoys believed that the time was not yet ripe for direct public agitation to stop the war .
the [large] minority at the hague who opposed the plan to send envoys believed that the time was not yet ripe for direct public agitation to stop the war .

By holding firm on the divisive issue of the ‘ comb-out ’ , while making substantial concessions on the food question , the Cabinet successfully outfaced the shop stewards ' movement .
by holding firm on the divisive issue of the ‘ comb-out ’ , while making [large] concessions on the food question , the cabinet successfully outfaced the shop stewards ' movement .

The only substantial oppositional movements in Britain were demanding , not peace , but the more vigorous prosecution of the war .
the only [large] oppositional movements in britain were demanding , not peace , but the more vigorous prosecution of the war .

During the ‘ phoney war ’ — the eerie nine months between Chamberlain 's declaration of war and Hitler 's attack in the West — there was a substantial current of support for a negotiated peace .
during the ‘ phoney war ’ — the eerie nine months between chamberlain 's declaration of war and hitler 's attack in the west — there was a [large] current of support for a negotiated peace .

Slightly more substantial are Marks & Spencer 's mini salmon en croute at £4.50 for 12 .
slightly more [large] are marks & spencer 's mini salmon en croute at £4.50 for 12 .

Now a substantial number insists on standing up to protest .
now a [large] number insists on standing up to protest .

Elliott has instructed a London solicitor to seek substantial compensation in a writ issued against Saunders , now playing for Aston Villa , and his former club .
elliott has instructed a london solicitor to seek [large] compensation in a writ issued against saunders , now playing for aston villa , and his former club .

‘ We am looking for a very substantial majority .
‘ we am looking for a very [large] majority .

‘ We have had to beg , steal and borrow substantial funds to put the club back in the hands of the people of Peterborough , which is where it belongs , ’ commented Turner , who moves to the boardroom as chairman .
‘ we have had to beg , steal and borrow [large] funds to put the club back in the hands of the people of peterborough , which is where it belongs , ’ commented turner , who moves to the boardroom as chairman .

Mr Ross had already built a substantial business when he began to approach banks for additional funding .
mr ross had already built a [large] business when he began to approach banks for additional funding .

He also explains that the reason he is happy to accept minimum portfolios of £25,000 is because ‘ time and time again , small investors who come to us are pleased with the service and come back five or ten years later ’ , having inherited substantial sums .
he also explains that the reason he is happy to accept minimum portfolios of £25,000 is because ‘ time and time again , small investors who come to us are pleased with the service and come back five or ten years later ’ , having inherited [large] sums .

For instance , it is estimated that around 1m of the 1.7m new jobs forecast for the mid 1990s will be in the professional and managerial areas , and demographics suggest that a substantial proportion of them will have to be filled by women .
for instance , it is estimated that around 1m of the 1.7m new jobs forecast for the mid 1990s will be in the professional and managerial areas , and demographics suggest that a [large] proportion of them will have to be filled by women .

Our client is the sole director of a private company in which he has a substantial interest .
our client is the sole director of a private company in which he has a [large] interest .

Many years ago the company purchased a property for its investment potential , but as a result of the slump in property prices the company could not sell without making a substantial loss .
many years ago the company purchased a property for its investment potential , but as a result of the slump in property prices the company could not sell without making a [large] loss .

No analysis is begun , therefore , before a substantial amount of preliminary enquiry and discussion has taken place with those having ‘ hands on ’ involvement in the activity to be studied .
no analysis is begun , therefore , before a [large] amount of preliminary enquiry and discussion has taken place with those having ‘ hands on ’ involvement in the activity to be studied .

Very substantial improvements have been identified and are being realised but nothing stands still .
very [large] improvements have been identified and are being realised but nothing stands still .

In common with most other professional bodies the Institute has seen a substantial increase in the rate of growth of complaints against members in recent years ; in 1991 , we received 20 % more complaints than in 1990 .
in common with most other professional bodies the institute has seen a [large] increase in the rate of growth of complaints against members in recent years ; in 1991 , we received 20 % more complaints than in 1990 .

One consequence is that it has caused substantial administrative problems for us .
one consequence is that it has caused [large] administrative problems for us .

The depths of a recession is hardly the best time to make such a move , but a substantial redundancy package has helped to cushion the risk and Mr Wise could not be certain the opportunity would come his way again .
the depths of a recession is hardly the best time to make such a move , but a [large] redundancy package has helped to cushion the risk and mr wise could not be certain the opportunity would come his way again .

It is possible that only a very marked and rapid reduction in interest rates , which might cause a substantial shift in confidence , would be effective .
it is possible that only a very marked and rapid reduction in interest rates , which might cause a [large] shift in confidence , would be effective .

For a large number of firms it also represents a substantial lost business opportunity .
for a large number of firms it also represents a [large] lost business opportunity .

To prevent such conversion of status from generating substantial tax liabilities , some specific tax legislation may be required to facilitate the changeover .
to prevent such conversion of status from generating [large] tax liabilities , some specific tax legislation may be required to facilitate the changeover .

With the substantial reality of an ether existing in space as accepted by Quantum Physics , in line with the ancient Vedic teachings , we can now look at the movement of this energy and how it integrates and forms this material world we know according to modern twentieth-century understanding as well as past views .
with the [large] reality of an ether existing in space as accepted by quantum physics , in line with the ancient vedic teachings , we can now look at the movement of this energy and how it integrates and forms this material world we know according to modern twentieth-century understanding as well as past views .

‘ The general theory of psycho-analysis , in its most abstract definition , is a psychology of mental processes and their organization . For such a psychology , mind has ceased to be a static structure or a substantial thing and has become a dynamic entity , a nexus of activities and a sequence of adaptive responses ’
‘ the general theory of psycho-analysis , in its most abstract definition , is a psychology of mental processes and their organization . for such a psychology , mind has ceased to be a static structure or a [large] thing and has become a dynamic entity , a nexus of activities and a sequence of adaptive responses ’

There is a substantial belief in ‘ scientific management ’ in enterprises and although there may be modifications of this basic notion it remains remarkably robust .
there is a [large] belief in ‘ scientific management ’ in enterprises and although there may be modifications of this basic notion it remains remarkably robust .

It is argued that this difference may be partially accounted for by the higher standard of living in Sri Lanka , but also that the motives and social composition of offenders in normal times were such that depressed economic conditions did not necessarily lead to substantial increases in criminal activities .
it is argued that this difference may be partially accounted for by the higher standard of living in sri lanka , but also that the motives and social composition of offenders in normal times were such that depressed economic conditions did not necessarily lead to [large] increases in criminal activities .

The ‘ dark figure ’ of crime , that is the difference between ‘ real ’ and reported rates of crime , may be substantial even for serious offences in twentieth-century developed nations .
the ‘ dark figure ’ of crime , that is the difference between ‘ real ’ and reported rates of crime , may be [large] even for serious offences in twentieth-century developed nations .

Although along the coast and in towns their numbers and wealth were less secure , substantial numbers of Goyigamas entered the new urban élite .
although along the coast and in towns their numbers and wealth were less secure , [large] numbers of goyigamas entered the new urban élite .

Indeed we no longer employ the word with full assurance , or are confident of what we mean by philosophical ‘ materialism ’ , now that we are forbidden to think of atoms as little balls out of which a universe could be constructed ; twentieth century physics has less substantial entities which would slip through one 's fingers .
indeed we no longer employ the word with full assurance , or are confident of what we mean by philosophical ‘ materialism ’ , now that we are forbidden to think of atoms as little balls out of which a universe could be constructed ; twentieth century physics has less [large] entities which would slip through one 's fingers .

Surely accountants should be seeking to give their clients value for money and if the audit of a small company is deemed to be of very little value , then how can we in all conscience — justify the charging of substantial fees for such a service .
surely accountants should be seeking to give their clients value for money and if the audit of a small company is deemed to be of very little value , then how can we in all conscience — justify the charging of [large] fees for such a service .

Because the level of transactions was so high ahead of the slump in house prices , it is widely believed that there is a substantial number of homeowners waiting to sell when prices do start to recover .
because the level of transactions was so high ahead of the slump in house prices , it is widely believed that there is a [large] number of homeowners waiting to sell when prices do start to recover .

If the Burton Group , having already cut a substantial number of jobs in 1991 , can find a further 2,000 ( albeit balanced by the creation of 3,000 part-time jobs ) surplus to requirements , when profits are already recovering , others across British industry are sure to follow .
if the burton group , having already cut a [large] number of jobs in 1991 , can find a further 2,000 ( albeit balanced by the creation of 3,000 part-time jobs ) surplus to requirements , when profits are already recovering , others across british industry are sure to follow .

Presumably a substantial profit could be made if the church bought the land and subsequently sold it .
presumably a [large] profit could be made if the church bought the land and subsequently sold it .

The substantial corporate support needed has not yet been tapped .
the [large] corporate support needed has not yet been tapped .

The size of the pie generated by Wallaby Promotions for Marketing Pty Ltd. will be substantial .
the size of the pie generated by wallaby promotions for marketing pty ltd. will be [large] .

‘ The level of investment is quite substantial and one does not go into this sort of operation for short-term objectives .
‘ the level of investment is quite [large] and one does not go into this sort of operation for short-term objectives .

Whether the profits were £3 million , or £12 million , or £17 million from the 1991 World Cup , the figure was still substantial , in spite of the fact that France , Ireland and Britain , have been in recession .
whether the profits were £3 million , or £12 million , or £17 million from the 1991 world cup , the figure was still [large] , in spite of the fact that france , ireland and britain , have been in recession .

It can first be grown in an immersed flower-pot in a smaller tank , and then , once the plant has grown to a substantial height , it should be sunken in the main tank .
it can first be grown in an immersed flower-pot in a smaller tank , and then , once the plant has grown to a [large] height , it should be sunken in the main tank .

Therefore one must provide a substantial quantity of this .
therefore one must provide a [large] quantity of this .

The ideal growing medium for this species would contain substantial quantities of organic detritus and mud or clay .
the ideal growing medium for this species would contain [large] quantities of organic detritus and mud or clay .

Both include flights and transfers , and offer substantial reductions for children .
both include flights and transfers , and offer [large] reductions for children .

The substantial proportion of Cabernet makes for a slightly more elegant wine , with a delicious combination of spice and blackcurrant fruit .
the [large] proportion of cabernet makes for a slightly more elegant wine , with a delicious combination of spice and blackcurrant fruit .

But if you want to make a more substantial winter supper for family and friends , you can put this versatile condensed soup to good use and create a delicious meal just as quickly and easily .
but if you want to make a more [large] winter supper for family and friends , you can put this versatile condensed soup to good use and create a delicious meal just as quickly and easily .

‘ What we have said in the McFarlane Report is that people are calling for the earth , we ca n't give it all but we can give them a substantial part .
‘ what we have said in the mcfarlane report is that people are calling for the earth , we ca n't give it all but we can give them a [large] part .

‘ We are getting substantial rent-free periods and are being offered large capital contributions ’ — a sum paid by the landlord to the tenant , usually for shopfitting to entice customers into the mall or high street .
‘ we are getting [large] rent-free periods and are being offered large capital contributions ’ — a sum paid by the landlord to the tenant , usually for shopfitting to entice customers into the mall or high street .

From this perspective , 1993 looks likely to be another year of substantial audit fee cuts .
from this perspective , 1993 looks likely to be another year of [large] audit fee cuts .

Such people are unable to move because to do so would require them to make good a substantial deficit on the mortgage .
such people are unable to move because to do so would require them to make good a [large] deficit on the mortgage .

Although survey data continues to point to a substantial majority of young people aspiring to home ownership , they are likely to remain outside the property market all the time prices continue to decline .
although survey data continues to point to a [large] majority of young people aspiring to home ownership , they are likely to remain outside the property market all the time prices continue to decline .

Substantial amounts of evidence were collected from hundreds of victims of unfair contracts .
[large] amounts of evidence were collected from hundreds of victims of unfair contracts .

Depending on when property was charged , its value may be over-inflated , so a sale in the future could still realise a substantial loss , while , in the meantime , this area of the balance sheet is dead .
depending on when property was charged , its value may be over-inflated , so a sale in the future could still realise a [large] loss , while , in the meantime , this area of the balance sheet is dead .

Albert Fisher also discloses that , in addition to the gross cash deposits referred to previously , it had substantial unused committed and uncommitted facilities at 31 August 1992 .
albert fisher also discloses that , in addition to the gross cash deposits referred to previously , it had [large] unused committed and uncommitted facilities at 31 august 1992 .

If the small company audit is abolished , the reason for being authorised will disappear along with a substantial part of their earning capacity which they do not believe they can recoup through selling other services .
if the small company audit is abolished , the reason for being authorised will disappear along with a [large] part of their earning capacity which they do not believe they can recoup through selling other services .

During the 1980s , as the economy boomed , banks dished out substantial loans to all and sundry and enthusiastic entrepreneurs launched an endless stream of new companies , the venture capital industry became firmly established .
during the 1980s , as the economy boomed , banks dished out [large] loans to all and sundry and enthusiastic entrepreneurs launched an endless stream of new companies , the venture capital industry became firmly established .

The bond markets of countries with weaker currencies , such as Spain and Italy , have shown substantial falls .
the bond markets of countries with weaker currencies , such as spain and italy , have shown [large] falls .

An Australian woman recently won substantial compensation from her employer for irreversible lung damage brought on by her colleagues ' cigarette smoke at work .
an australian woman recently won [large] compensation from her employer for irreversible lung damage brought on by her colleagues ' cigarette smoke at work .

Such firms earn substantial revenues , and publicly available data reveals that , despite the so-called liability crisis , their income continues to rise dramatically — particularly on a global basis .
such firms earn [large] revenues , and publicly available data reveals that , despite the so-called liability crisis , their income continues to rise dramatically — particularly on a global basis .

We understand that we do not satisfy stringent criteria laid down by the Charity Commission for formal registration , and in the event we would prefer to avoid the substantial cost of registration and the administrative burden that would accompany it .
we understand that we do not satisfy stringent criteria laid down by the charity commission for formal registration , and in the event we would prefer to avoid the [large] cost of registration and the administrative burden that would accompany it .

Certainly a substantial premium has been paid to acquire the shares — but will this affect the minority interest ?
certainly a [large] premium has been paid to acquire the shares — but will this affect the minority interest ?

The taxpayer argued that to rely on the substantial omissions from Mr Slade 's tax return as grounds for investigating Mr Kempton 's tax affairs was to imply guilt by association .
the taxpayer argued that to rely on the [large] omissions from mr slade 's tax return as grounds for investigating mr kempton 's tax affairs was to imply guilt by association .

He points to savings on rates — which can obviously be substantial in London — if one of the premises is kept empty , and other immediate gains from the cutting of staff in areas of duplication such as administration , accounts , quality control and training .
he points to savings on rates — which can obviously be [large] in london — if one of the premises is kept empty , and other immediate gains from the cutting of staff in areas of duplication such as administration , accounts , quality control and training .

It was a pattern common throughout Europe , but with substantial regional variations .
it was a pattern common throughout europe , but with [large] regional variations .

Beneath them came the cearls ( churls ) the heads of substantial rural households , many of whom were free .
beneath them came the cearls ( churls ) the heads of [large] rural households , many of whom were free .

The base of the social pyramid was a substantial slave group .
the base of the social pyramid was a [large] slave group .

Although a slave could earn ‘ manumission ’ , freedom or gebur status , or be granted it , the slaves remained a substantial if decreasing population of South Saxon society .
although a slave could earn ‘ manumission ’ , freedom or gebur status , or be granted it , the slaves remained a [large] if decreasing population of south saxon society .

Each covered his river valley with a new castle , wooden at first but soon replaced with a substantial stone structure .
each covered his river valley with a new castle , wooden at first but soon replaced with a [large] stone structure .

Robert of Mortain was lucky , in that he had the substantial Roman site at Pevensey on which to build .
robert of mortain was lucky , in that he had the [large] roman site at pevensey on which to build .

The abbey he lorded was essentially a preserve for the well-endowed ; thirty or so monks surrounded by a staff of several hundred servants , controlling the life of a substantial area .
the abbey he lorded was essentially a preserve for the well-endowed ; thirty or so monks surrounded by a staff of several hundred servants , controlling the life of a [large] area .

In Wadhurst , ‘ within the wood ’ , this had reached such a pitch that ten of the largest farmers were listed as unfree men , leasing their land from others ; there was also a substantial number of women farmers , such as Agnes at Wyk .
in wadhurst , ‘ within the wood ’ , this had reached such a pitch that ten of the largest farmers were listed as unfree men , leasing their land from others ; there was also a [large] number of women farmers , such as agnes at wyk .

Although Lewes provided all the administrative and craft sources which the small rural communities , far from self sufficient , needed its chief prosperity was based on its substantial markets , fairs , and the trade of wool .
although lewes provided all the administrative and craft sources which the small rural communities , far from self sufficient , needed its chief prosperity was based on its [large] markets , fairs , and the trade of wool .

For the prosperous merchants , substantial timber-framed houses were built around the gates of the Castle and Priory .
for the prosperous merchants , [large] timber-framed houses were built around the gates of the castle and priory .

It took violent protest by the commoners , Parliamentary Commissions and repeated royal intervention before a compromise was reached in the decree of 1693 which fixed substantial areas for grazing free from intrusion by land-hungry magnates .
it took violent protest by the commoners , parliamentary commissions and repeated royal intervention before a compromise was reached in the decree of 1693 which fixed [large] areas for grazing free from intrusion by land-hungry magnates .

Behind the impressive Georgian facades of much of the present High Street lie substantial Tudor timber frames .
behind the impressive georgian facades of much of the present high street lie [large] tudor timber frames .

The authority or aristocracy and armed excise officers came face to face with the fact that a substantial part of the rural and urban population alike either connived at , or were intimidated by , the activities of well-organised armed gangs .
the authority or aristocracy and armed excise officers came face to face with the fact that a [large] part of the rural and urban population alike either connived at , or were intimidated by , the activities of well-organised armed gangs .

Even in the peak of recruiting in 1800 , a substantial number of men were sent home at the behest of the Duke of Richmond , to stop the harvest from being spoilt .
even in the peak of recruiting in 1800 , a [large] number of men were sent home at the behest of the duke of richmond , to stop the harvest from being spoilt .

Benjamin and Elizabeth and their family belonged , in effect , to what we might choose to call the ‘ comfortable working class ’ ; they benefited from the general rise in Britain 's prosperity in Victorian times — cheaper food and clothing , better sanitation , faster transport , more substantial housing — but their money still had to be earned , had to be worked for .
benjamin and elizabeth and their family belonged , in effect , to what we might choose to call the ‘ comfortable working class ’ ; they benefited from the general rise in britain 's prosperity in victorian times — cheaper food and clothing , better sanitation , faster transport , more [large] housing — but their money still had to be earned , had to be worked for .

‘ The holiday business generates substantial cash flow because passengers pay in advance and the holiday company pays its suppliers in arrears , ’ said boss David Crossland .
‘ the holiday business generates [large] cash flow because passengers pay in advance and the holiday company pays its suppliers in arrears , ’ said boss david crossland .

Third , he said , the Big Six have a substantial revenue advantage because they are much more profitable than second tier firms .
third , he said , the big six have a [large] revenue advantage because they are much more profitable than second tier firms .

‘ The picture that has emerged is one of Mr Berry continuing to run Blue Arrow as he had always done despite its transformation to a very substantial international public company .
‘ the picture that has emerged is one of mr berry continuing to run blue arrow as he had always done despite its transformation to a very [large] international public company .

Reviewing the information that is needed can have substantial and far-reaching effects on how senior executives think about business performance and on the decisions that they make .
reviewing the information that is needed can have [large] and far-reaching effects on how senior executives think about business performance and on the decisions that they make .

In 1984 and 1985 Electronics got into severe financial difficulties , and as a result there were delays in paying Magnetics substantial amounts of money due to it .
in 1984 and 1985 electronics got into severe financial difficulties , and as a result there were delays in paying magnetics [large] amounts of money due to it .

The objective of Accounting and Business Research is the publication of substantial and original contributions to knowledge in the areas of accounting and finance , broadly defined .
the objective of accounting and business research is the publication of [large] and original contributions to knowledge in the areas of accounting and finance , broadly defined .

Remember that if you sell one of these instruments before maturity , then changes in interest rates will almost certainly mean that its capital value has altered and you will get a gain or loss , which could be substantial and exceed the interest earned .
remember that if you sell one of these instruments before maturity , then changes in interest rates will almost certainly mean that its capital value has altered and you will get a gain or loss , which could be [large] and exceed the interest earned .

This can be anything from a loan of £10 to tide your sister over to her next pay cheque , to substantial gifts like giving your grandson the money for the deposit on his first house .
this can be anything from a loan of £10 to tide your sister over to her next pay cheque , to [large] gifts like giving your grandson the money for the deposit on his first house .

Only a minority of women are in a position where they have control over substantial financial resources ; however , when they do have such control they give money to their children and grandchildren in the same way that men do .
only a minority of women are in a position where they have control over [large] financial resources ; however , when they do have such control they give money to their children and grandchildren in the same way that men do .

There is substantial evidence that people who have migrated to Britain quite commonly send sums of money on a regular basis to assist relatives still living in their country of origin .
there is [large] evidence that people who have migrated to britain quite commonly send sums of money on a regular basis to assist relatives still living in their country of origin .

But what of the majority of people who do not have substantial wealth to bequeath ?
but what of the majority of people who do not have [large] wealth to bequeath ?

Some writers have speculated that we could see the development of new patterns of support such as an increase of private loans within families , or substantial bequests to grandchildren rather than children , since the younger generation are the ones who will find the most difficulty in getting onto the first rung of the housing ladder ( Murie and Forrest , 1980 ; Means , 1987 ) .
some writers have speculated that we could see the development of new patterns of support such as an increase of private loans within families , or [large] bequests to grandchildren rather than children , since the younger generation are the ones who will find the most difficulty in getting onto the first rung of the housing ladder ( murie and forrest , 1980 ; means , 1987 ) .

In another family , where the inheritance from the father was quite substantial , funds for the brothers and sisters were tied up in a trust which was administered by their mother , and this appeared to result in a series of squabbles about whether each of them was getting their fair share in comparison with the others ( p. 376 ) .
in another family , where the inheritance from the father was quite [large] , funds for the brothers and sisters were tied up in a trust which was administered by their mother , and this appeared to result in a series of squabbles about whether each of them was getting their fair share in comparison with the others ( p. 376 ) .

Many similar examples can be found around the world , but in Britain there is substantial historical evidence which suggests that sharing with relatives outside the nuclear family in adult life has never been widely regarded as an ideal to be aimed for ( see chapter 2 ) .
many similar examples can be found around the world , but in britain there is [large] historical evidence which suggests that sharing with relatives outside the nuclear family in adult life has never been widely regarded as an ideal to be aimed for ( see chapter 2 ) .

Sharing a home with relatives ( other than parents ) before marriage is another phenomenon which was more common in the past than in the present ( Anderson , 1971 ; 1980 ) Very little is known about circumstances under which young people now may go to live with a non-parental relative , although Gill Jones ( 1987 ) has shown that it still happens for a substantial number , especially those designated as working class on occupational criteria .
sharing a home with relatives ( other than parents ) before marriage is another phenomenon which was more common in the past than in the present ( anderson , 1971 ; 1980 ) very little is known about circumstances under which young people now may go to live with a non-parental relative , although gill jones ( 1987 ) has shown that it still happens for a [large] number , especially those designated as working class on occupational criteria .

The only common circumstances in which men provide substantial care is when they are looking after a disabled wife , whereas women care for husbands , parents , handicapped children and sometimes other relatives too ( Charlesworth , Wilkin and Durie , 1984 ; Parker , 1985 ; Henwood and Wicks , 1985 ; Finch 1986b ) .
the only common circumstances in which men provide [large] care is when they are looking after a disabled wife , whereas women care for husbands , parents , handicapped children and sometimes other relatives too ( charlesworth , wilkin and durie , 1984 ; parker , 1985 ; henwood and wicks , 1985 ; finch 1986b ) .

In these situations we have clear examples of support being one-way , the principle of reciprocal giving necessarily being muted where one party needs substantial care .
in these situations we have clear examples of support being one-way , the principle of reciprocal giving necessarily being muted where one party needs [large] care .

This comment is from a daughter who had been giving substantial care to her mother , and explained the situation thus ,
this comment is from a daughter who had been giving [large] care to her mother , and explained the situation thus ,

They focus on the central parent-child bond , but at one generation removed and with a substantial difference in age between the two parties .
they focus on the central parent-child bond , but at one generation removed and with a [large] difference in age between the two parties .

Contrary to some popular images , normally this does not seem to be reversed in a significant way during the last years of life of the older generation , except perhaps where a person receives substantial personal care , but is not in a position to repay it through bequests after their death .
contrary to some popular images , normally this does not seem to be reversed in a significant way during the last years of life of the older generation , except perhaps where a person receives [large] personal care , but is not in a position to repay it through bequests after their death .

There certainly were opportunities , therefore , for children and young people to contribute both directly and indirectly to the household economy even before they entered the labour market , and on balance the evidence suggests that girls were likely to be more substantial contributors than boys , especially in the provision and exchange of domestic services , although boys may have had more opportunities to earn money .
there certainly were opportunities , therefore , for children and young people to contribute both directly and indirectly to the household economy even before they entered the labour market , and on balance the evidence suggests that girls were likely to be more [large] contributors than boys , especially in the provision and exchange of domestic services , although boys may have had more opportunities to earn money .

In principle , it would be quite possible to argue that this sense of obligation had weakened , even if the actual volume of support between kin remained at a substantial level , because more people are now in a situation where they need support , and because the economic circumstances of the majority of the population ( by comparison with a century earlier ) are much easier .
in principle , it would be quite possible to argue that this sense of obligation had weakened , even if the actual volume of support between kin remained at a [large] level , because more people are now in a situation where they need support , and because the economic circumstances of the majority of the population ( by comparison with a century earlier ) are much easier .

Such a council would benefit social work like nothing else : it is important that the public ( and the press ) knows there is regulatory control over a group of people who ( quite rightly ) hold substantial powers over some groups and who have a great influence over others .
such a council would benefit social work like nothing else : it is important that the public ( and the press ) knows there is regulatory control over a group of people who ( quite rightly ) hold [large] powers over some groups and who have a great influence over others .

This is somewhat surprising given primate evidence that the colliculus receives substantial uncrossed input .
this is somewhat surprising given primate evidence that the colliculus receives [large] uncrossed input .

Substantial fluctuations in sedimentation rate and proportions of each phase would be expected .
[large] fluctuations in sedimentation rate and proportions of each phase would be expected .

We postulate that the alternation of homogeneous gabbro and graded layers is produced by a magma chamber that remains below the critical concentration for substantial periods of time and generates a steady accumulation of crystals on the floor in the cotectic proportions .
we postulate that the alternation of homogeneous gabbro and graded layers is produced by a magma chamber that remains below the critical concentration for [large] periods of time and generates a steady accumulation of crystals on the floor in the cotectic proportions .

However , substantial elevation decreases occurred ( Table 1 ) at stations along the fracture .
however , [large] elevation decreases occurred ( table 1 ) at stations along the fracture .

Further support for the suggestion that the magnetic field has a substantial poloidal component is provided by observations of γ -rays .
further support for the suggestion that the magnetic field has a [large] poloidal component is provided by observations of γ -rays .

In contrast , good genes models require that if their evolution is gradual , preferred characters must incur substantial costs even in their simplest form to evolve as reliable indicators of male viability .
in contrast , good genes models require that if their evolution is gradual , preferred characters must incur [large] costs even in their simplest form to evolve as reliable indicators of male viability .

Second , the region is tectonically active , and substantial faulting and erosion have occurred throughout the Pleistocene .
second , the region is tectonically active , and [large] faulting and erosion have occurred throughout the pleistocene .

If such balancing selection maintains a substantial fraction of life-history variation , it will generate negative genetic correlations among life-history traits .
if such balancing selection maintains a [large] fraction of life-history variation , it will generate negative genetic correlations among life-history traits .

It is then the failure to keep up with the requirements of changing conditions that leads to a substantial ‘ lag load ’ on late life .
it is then the failure to keep up with the requirements of changing conditions that leads to a [large] ‘ lag load ’ on late life .

Because we know that there is a substantial input of deleterious mutations to populations , and that it is impossible for individuals to combine indefinitely high survival and fertility , both the optimality and the mutation-accumulation explanations of senescence must apply .
because we know that there is a [large] input of deleterious mutations to populations , and that it is impossible for individuals to combine indefinitely high survival and fertility , both the optimality and the mutation-accumulation explanations of senescence must apply .

One could instead increase mutation rates artificially : if doubling mutation rates doubled senescence , or if a slight increase in the mutation rate produced catastrophic senescence ( Box 2 ) , then this would suggest a substantial effect of mutation in the original population .
one could instead increase mutation rates artificially : if doubling mutation rates doubled senescence , or if a slight increase in the mutation rate produced catastrophic senescence ( box 2 ) , then this would suggest a [large] effect of mutation in the original population .

Euro Disney says it will make a ‘ substantial ’ loss for the year to September .
euro disney says it will make a ‘ [large] ’ loss for the year to september .

Rebecca Winnington-Ingram , European media analyst at Morgan Stanley in London , reckons that ‘ substantial ’ means FFr887m .
rebecca winnington-ingram , european media analyst at morgan stanley in london , reckons that ‘ [large] ’ means ffr887m .

The plan 's backers are confident that there is substantial corporate demand to join Lloyd 's .
the plan 's backers are confident that there is [large] corporate demand to join lloyd 's .

On the vital Finance Committee , they have only 11 seats out of 20 , which gives substantial leverage to dissidents .
on the vital finance committee , they have only 11 seats out of 20 , which gives [large] leverage to dissidents .

Even the more substantial changes pale against the broad sweep of political , social and economic progress over this period .
even the more [large] changes pale against the broad sweep of political , social and economic progress over this period .

Yet , overall , parole has been a substantial success in terms of successful supervision in the community .
yet , overall , parole has been a [large] success in terms of successful supervision in the community .

Worst of all were the arbitrarily imposed ‘ delivery ’ or discharge fees which often meant innocent people spending substantial periods in prison ( having been found not guilty ) until hard-pressed relatives raised the necessary cash for release and the gaoler was prepared to let them go .
worst of all were the arbitrarily imposed ‘ delivery ’ or discharge fees which often meant innocent people spending [large] periods in prison ( having been found not guilty ) until hard-pressed relatives raised the necessary cash for release and the gaoler was prepared to let them go .

None the less , there was a substantial majority in favour of accepting it as a basis for discussion , largely because there was much to be said about the interrelationship of pope , bishops and curia , and the draft provided this opportunity .
none the less , there was a [large] majority in favour of accepting it as a basis for discussion , largely because there was much to be said about the interrelationship of pope , bishops and curia , and the draft provided this opportunity .

These two books initiated a substantial body of sociological research into the ‘ social world ’ of the prison .
these two books initiated a [large] body of sociological research into the ‘ social world ’ of the prison .

Small wonder so little value has been obtained , despite the substantial increase in resources .
small wonder so little value has been obtained , despite the [large] increase in resources .

Even his great friend and business partner in the Second Dominion , Hebbert Nuits-St-Georges , called Peccable by those who knew him well , a merchant who had made substantial profit from the superstitious and the woebegone in the Second Dominion , regularly remarked that the order of Yzordderrex was less stable by the day , and he would soon take his family out of the city , indeed out of the Dominion entirely , and find a new home where he would not have to smell burning bodies when he opened his windows in the morning .
even his great friend and business partner in the second dominion , hebbert nuits-st-georges , called peccable by those who knew him well , a merchant who had made [large] profit from the superstitious and the woebegone in the second dominion , regularly remarked that the order of yzordderrex was less stable by the day , and he would soon take his family out of the city , indeed out of the dominion entirely , and find a new home where he would not have to smell burning bodies when he opened his windows in the morning .

Even those who attain high levels may not choose to ( a substantial proportion of graduates in science and technology do not pursue careers in these ) .
even those who attain high levels may not choose to ( a [large] proportion of graduates in science and technology do not pursue careers in these ) .

As we shall see in subsequent chapters , a wide range of managerial decision making was subject to ministerial intervention , while over substantial areas of ‘ general ’ policy ministerial views made no significant impact .
as we shall see in subsequent chapters , a wide range of managerial decision making was subject to ministerial intervention , while over [large] areas of ‘ general ’ policy ministerial views made no significant impact .

Yet the substantial reduction in the planned expenditure on distribution suggests that the gains from reorganisation did outweigh the losses , and enabled the Boards to expand the system on a more economical basis than their predecessors would have found possible .
yet the [large] reduction in the planned expenditure on distribution suggests that the gains from reorganisation did outweigh the losses , and enabled the boards to expand the system on a more economical basis than their predecessors would have found possible .

Some Boards were not keen to bear these substantial losses .
some boards were not keen to bear these [large] losses .

There are wide variations in different uses , and substantial effects from income , complementary appliance ownership , other fuel prices , and other factors largely beyond the control of the Electricity Boards irrespective of the pricing policy they adopted .
there are wide variations in different uses , and [large] effects from income , complementary appliance ownership , other fuel prices , and other factors largely beyond the control of the electricity boards irrespective of the pricing policy they adopted .

There was thus still a substantial subsidy , reducing prices below costs on domestic sales , at the end of the period as at the beginning , and the Boards showed no signs of facing up to this .
there was thus still a [large] subsidy , reducing prices below costs on domestic sales , at the end of the period as at the beginning , and the boards showed no signs of facing up to this .

This far exceeds the Bruntland Commission recommendation of 12 % protection and represents a substantial increase in protection as compared to before the decision , when just 15 % of the area was preserved .
this far exceeds the bruntland commission recommendation of 12 % protection and represents a [large] increase in protection as compared to before the decision , when just 15 % of the area was preserved .

And where standards are erratically enforced , the cost advantages are substantial .
and where standards are erratically enforced , the cost advantages are [large] .

Moreover Tao claims to have found substantial funding and board-level interest from some of the biggest Japanese computer and electronics companies , the identities of which will be announced this summer .
moreover tao claims to have found [large] funding and board-level interest from some of the biggest japanese computer and electronics companies , the identities of which will be announced this summer .

Should an apparent truce in Bosnia lead to the sending of substantial peacekeeping forces , the subsequent breakdown of such an agreement would trigger acute pressures for sending sufficient troops to achieve peacemaking ( ‘ smothering the war by force ’ ) .
should an apparent truce in bosnia lead to the sending of [large] peacekeeping forces , the subsequent breakdown of such an agreement would trigger acute pressures for sending sufficient troops to achieve peacemaking ( ‘ smothering the war by force ’ ) .

In addition to the services of every kind asked by the voters , effective management would also involve the politician in substantial expenses , for any major political figure owed it to his position in society to give generously for any public concern .
in addition to the services of every kind asked by the voters , effective management would also involve the politician in [large] expenses , for any major political figure owed it to his position in society to give generously for any public concern .

Charitable donations , however , did nothing to enhance a political interest , even if a lack of charity could seriously harm it , for a substantial contribution from a major political figure was no more than was expected by the gentlemen of a county or the magistrates of a burgh .
charitable donations , however , did nothing to enhance a political interest , even if a lack of charity could seriously harm it , for a [large] contribution from a major political figure was no more than was expected by the gentlemen of a county or the magistrates of a burgh .

The captain and the chief and second mates received cargo allotments of value , but officers of junior rank were unlikely to make very substantial profits , even if they were not forced to share their allocation of cargo space with the commander in order to obtain a place at all .
the captain and the chief and second mates received cargo allotments of value , but officers of junior rank were unlikely to make very [large] profits , even if they were not forced to share their allocation of cargo space with the commander in order to obtain a place at all .

To nobody 's surprise Colonel George Haldane secured his election for the Dunfermline district of burghs in 1754 , in spite of the enmity of the Duke of Argyll , and it must be conceded that the colonel 's ability to remove office holders made a substantial contribution to his victory .
to nobody 's surprise colonel george haldane secured his election for the dunfermline district of burghs in 1754 , in spite of the enmity of the duke of argyll , and it must be conceded that the colonel 's ability to remove office holders made a [large] contribution to his victory .

More senior posts were employed as tools of patronage at a higher level , for they might be the object of the ambition of a substantial freeholder with his own political interest , whose support might be of value to the Administration directly .
more senior posts were employed as tools of patronage at a higher level , for they might be the object of the ambition of a [large] freeholder with his own political interest , whose support might be of value to the administration directly .

The army absorbed most of the Scottish gentry who hoped to make their living from the sword , but there were also many Scots in the Royal Navy and Royal Marines , and those who entered the senior service appear to have been attracted by the substantial advantages which the navy had over the army for a gentleman of limited means .
the army absorbed most of the scottish gentry who hoped to make their living from the sword , but there were also many scots in the royal navy and royal marines , and those who entered the senior service appear to have been attracted by the [large] advantages which the navy had over the army for a gentleman of limited means .

In 1778 , when an English captain could remark that ‘ more than two-thirds of my quarter deck are Scotch ’ , the proportion of Scots among the officers of a vessel commanded by one of their own countrymen would be substantial .
in 1778 , when an english captain could remark that ‘ more than two-thirds of my quarter deck are scotch ’ , the proportion of scots among the officers of a vessel commanded by one of their own countrymen would be [large] .

Lord George did not long remain in command of such a small vessel , however , and no sooner did he attain a more substantial command than the Duke of Montrose sent orders for the sons of the lairds of Auchenbowie and Balfunning to be sent to London with a view to joining Lord George .
lord george did not long remain in command of such a small vessel , however , and no sooner did he attain a more [large] command than the duke of montrose sent orders for the sons of the lairds of auchenbowie and balfunning to be sent to london with a view to joining lord george .

Two major Jacobite risings , and the plotting which took place on other occasions , were enough to put a considerable number of gentlemen in danger and , indeed , so long as the Jacobite cause retained a substantial following in Scotland it had a further effect upon politics , for the unwillingness of many gentlemen of Jacobite sentiments to take the oaths to Government further limited an already small electorate .
two major jacobite risings , and the plotting which took place on other occasions , were enough to put a considerable number of gentlemen in danger and , indeed , so long as the jacobite cause retained a [large] following in scotland it had a further effect upon politics , for the unwillingness of many gentlemen of jacobite sentiments to take the oaths to government further limited an already small electorate .

The incumbent , MacFarlane of Kirkton , was also sure of a substantial body of support among the gentry of the county , while the situation was made even more hazardous when David Cunningham , a brother of the laird of Ballindalloch , a gentleman who could not be ranked among Montrose 's friends , also came forward , but with the support of two important lairds , Colonel Blackadder , and Callendar of Craigforth , to both of whom , as Montrose ruefully remarked , he had obligations .
the incumbent , macfarlane of kirkton , was also sure of a [large] body of support among the gentry of the county , while the situation was made even more hazardous when david cunningham , a brother of the laird of ballindalloch , a gentleman who could not be ranked among montrose 's friends , also came forward , but with the support of two important lairds , colonel blackadder , and callendar of craigforth , to both of whom , as montrose ruefully remarked , he had obligations .

The decade after the end of the Second World War saw a substantial increase in the number of prosecutions for offences such as ‘ gross indecency ’ , importuning and indecent assault .
the decade after the end of the second world war saw a [large] increase in the number of prosecutions for offences such as ‘ gross indecency ’ , importuning and indecent assault .

In the next few months , Washington is going to try to transform the economic and regulatory environment of health care ( 13 % of the economy ) , enact the most sweeping changes in the tax code since 1986 , lock into place a substantial reduction of the deficit and enact a five-year $ 165 billion ‘ investment ’ package in education , health care and infrastructure .
in the next few months , washington is going to try to transform the economic and regulatory environment of health care ( 13 % of the economy ) , enact the most sweeping changes in the tax code since 1986 , lock into place a [large] reduction of the deficit and enact a five-year $ 165 billion ‘ investment ’ package in education , health care and infrastructure .

Although this pilot was not monitored formally , it was hailed by participating students and staff as an unreserved success , generating a substantial commitment to equality for students with severe learning difficulties , and a sound knowledge , on a practical level , of many of their needs .
although this pilot was not monitored formally , it was hailed by participating students and staff as an unreserved success , generating a [large] commitment to equality for students with severe learning difficulties , and a sound knowledge , on a practical level , of many of their needs .

Tennis itself should be grateful that the game has thrown together people such as Cliff Richard ( who modestly declines to take any credit other than that of name association ) and Mappin herself , not to mention the substantial support of Direct Line Insurance , with the drive and commitment to do just that .
tennis itself should be grateful that the game has thrown together people such as cliff richard ( who modestly declines to take any credit other than that of name association ) and mappin herself , not to mention the [large] support of direct line insurance , with the drive and commitment to do just that .

If teachers in substantial numbers are not going to be ready , willing and able to speak their minds , complete with all their doubts and uncertainties , who else is going to give the debate the greater depth and breadth that it so urgently needs ?
if teachers in [large] numbers are not going to be ready , willing and able to speak their minds , complete with all their doubts and uncertainties , who else is going to give the debate the greater depth and breadth that it so urgently needs ?

They go into school wearing comfortable old clothes and rapidly discover they need to tailor for themselves , and quickly , a substantial wardrobe , not only of ways of operating but of ways of thinking , feeling and perceiving as well .
they go into school wearing comfortable old clothes and rapidly discover they need to tailor for themselves , and quickly , a [large] wardrobe , not only of ways of operating but of ways of thinking , feeling and perceiving as well .

Just as the injunctions may serve to exaggerate the feeling of powerlessness , in the face of a limited ( even if substantial ) loss of power , so they lead people to exaggerate the imagined risks of being honest .
just as the injunctions may serve to exaggerate the feeling of powerlessness , in the face of a limited ( even if [large] ) loss of power , so they lead people to exaggerate the imagined risks of being honest .

It started in the 1970s as a substantial catching-up exercise , mainly centred on Paris .
it started in the 1970s as a [large] catching-up exercise , mainly centred on paris .

Other government departments besides the Ministry of Culture , in particular the Foreign Ministry , finance substantial cultural programmes .
other government departments besides the ministry of culture , in particular the foreign ministry , finance [large] cultural programmes .

First , no one doubts that papal letters from all the popes to whom the forgeries are attributed existed at Canterbury in 1070 and much earlier : they formed part of the quite substantial archival and literary remains which survived the fire of 1067 .
first , no one doubts that papal letters from all the popes to whom the forgeries are attributed existed at canterbury in 1070 and much earlier : they formed part of the quite [large] archival and literary remains which survived the fire of 1067 .

Lanfranc could only hope that the papal Curia would come to recognize the substantial strength of this papally inspired practice of primacy going back to the seventh century .
lanfranc could only hope that the papal curia would come to recognize the [large] strength of this papally inspired practice of primacy going back to the seventh century .

‘ But it is n't entirely Craig 's money , you know , a substantial part of it will be mine once my father 's estate is sorted out properly . ‘
‘ but it is n't entirely craig 's money , you know , a [large] part of it will be mine once my father 's estate is sorted out properly . ‘

Brooke stated that a ‘ substantial part ’ of its turnover would be devoted to ‘ good causes ’ , but the Bill does not set out what proportion of the proceeds will be allocated respectively to prizes , to administration and to the said good causes .
brooke stated that a ‘ [large] part ’ of its turnover would be devoted to ‘ good causes ’ , but the bill does not set out what proportion of the proceeds will be allocated respectively to prizes , to administration and to the said good causes .

Notable Gothic polychrome pieces included a substantial Hispano-Flemish polychrome and giltwood enthroned Madonna ( lot 21 ) , the colouring on the body later , which made £19,000 ( $ 30,400 est .
notable gothic polychrome pieces included a [large] hispano-flemish polychrome and giltwood enthroned madonna ( lot 21 ) , the colouring on the body later , which made £19,000 ( $ 30,400 est .

Christie 's were pleased to sell their cover lot , a substantial bronze group of ‘ Venus and Adonis ’ by Soldani-Benzi of around 1700 , difficult to estimate through its rarity ( one of only two models known , the other in the Walters Art Gallery ) .
christie 's were pleased to sell their cover lot , a [large] bronze group of ‘ venus and adonis ’ by soldani-benzi of around 1700 , difficult to estimate through its rarity ( one of only two models known , the other in the walters art gallery ) .

The most substantial of these shows in all respects — ‘ Monumental Reputation ’ — which is devoted to the intriguing story behind the making of Adam 's lavish publication The Ruins of the Emperor Diocletian 's Palace at Spalatro ( sic ) , has now been transferred from the National Library of Scotland to London and continues at the Iveagh Bequest , Kenwood , until 28 February 1993 .
the most [large] of these shows in all respects — ‘ monumental reputation ’ — which is devoted to the intriguing story behind the making of adam 's lavish publication the ruins of the emperor diocletian 's palace at spalatro ( sic ) , has now been transferred from the national library of scotland to london and continues at the iveagh bequest , kenwood , until 28 february 1993 .

To display their collection of everything from Islamic ceramics to the Russian Avant-garde they have made substantial long-term loans as well as opening their own museums .
to display their collection of everything from islamic ceramics to the russian avant-garde they have made [large] long-term loans as well as opening their own museums .

Jack Nicholson follows 1987 's Ironweed , his last substantial acting job to date , with another William Kennedy Depression-era novel , Billy Phelan 's Greatest Game , playing a ‘ tarnished pool hustler ’ involved in the kidnapping of a city boss ' son , while Mickey Rourke may play Kennedy 's gangster hero Legs for Ironweed producer Gene Kirkwood .
jack nicholson follows 1987 's ironweed , his last [large] acting job to date , with another william kennedy depression-era novel , billy phelan 's greatest game , playing a ‘ tarnished pool hustler ’ involved in the kidnapping of a city boss ' son , while mickey rourke may play kennedy 's gangster hero legs for ironweed producer gene kirkwood .

In the eighteenth century there was a substantial Far Eastern trade in trained elephants .
in the eighteenth century there was a [large] far eastern trade in trained elephants .

At the beginning of the century , substantial numbers of the elderly population , especially men , continued to work , partly , no doubt , because they had no entitlement to a pension as of right and wished to avoid the fate of most survivors — an ignominious end in the dreaded parish workhouse ( Parker 1982 : 177 ) .
at the beginning of the century , [large] numbers of the elderly population , especially men , continued to work , partly , no doubt , because they had no entitlement to a pension as of right and wished to avoid the fate of most survivors — an ignominious end in the dreaded parish workhouse ( parker 1982 : 177 ) .

We should remain concerned , too , with the welfare of that substantial minority of older people for whom ( and for whose families ) ageing has brought little joy .
we should remain concerned , too , with the welfare of that [large] minority of older people for whom ( and for whose families ) ageing has brought little joy .

Realization of how little was known about the likely effects of this demographic change led to the production of the first substantial body of data in this country on the experience of ageing in industry and on the relationship of work capacity to ageing : a highly polemical debate received some empirical clothing .
realization of how little was known about the likely effects of this demographic change led to the production of the first [large] body of data in this country on the experience of ageing in industry and on the relationship of work capacity to ageing : a highly polemical debate received some empirical clothing .

Without state pensions , many elderly people would be deprived of access to any substantial financial resources in their old age .
without state pensions , many elderly people would be deprived of access to any [large] financial resources in their old age .

These data suggest that the state 's contribution of resources to elderly households through the provision of support services is , for most services , not substantial and that it varies with the type of household .
these data suggest that the state 's contribution of resources to elderly households through the provision of support services is , for most services , not [large] and that it varies with the type of household .

Unfortunately , tennis is a very expensive game and the cost of shoes and rackets is substantial , but an additional £5 fee to be paid to the association for registration is hardly going to deter someone from seeking match play .
unfortunately , tennis is a very expensive game and the cost of shoes and rackets is [large] , but an additional £5 fee to be paid to the association for registration is hardly going to deter someone from seeking match play .

The Open Day Committee hope to be able to present a substantial cheque to local charities later in the year .
the open day committee hope to be able to present a [large] cheque to local charities later in the year .

In addition , ‘ well-established ’ auction houses which conduct substantial auctioneering activities in Singapore , and private museums can qualify for the service tax incentive .
in addition , ‘ well-established ’ auction houses which conduct [large] auctioneering activities in singapore , and private museums can qualify for the service tax incentive .

The original idea of running Day Driving Courses at the Museum has proved enormously successful , well beyond the bounds of belief , with substantial bookings already well in to 1993 .
the original idea of running day driving courses at the museum has proved enormously successful , well beyond the bounds of belief , with [large] bookings already well in to 1993 .

To many , the postwar economic problems of the continent demanded a substantial element of very close cooperation .
to many , the postwar economic problems of the continent demanded a [large] element of very close cooperation .

The pole itself turned out to be something much more substantial .
the pole itself turned out to be something much more [large] .

Following last month 's inclusion in the magazine of a complimentary sheet of Bockingford Tinted Paper , this month , for example , in association with St Cuthberts Mill and Daler-Rowney , The Artist is launching a major , nationwide competition to discover the most interesting work produced on this new paper — with substantial cash prizes for amateurs and professionals .
following last month 's inclusion in the magazine of a complimentary sheet of bockingford tinted paper , this month , for example , in association with st cuthberts mill and daler-rowney , the artist is launching a major , nationwide competition to discover the most interesting work produced on this new paper — with [large] cash prizes for amateurs and professionals .

‘ Each Schmincke stick is satisfyingly substantial to hold ; not so thin and fragile that the slightest pressure will result in breakages and big enough to work with for a considerable length of time .
‘ each schmincke stick is satisfyingly [large] to hold ; not so thin and fragile that the slightest pressure will result in breakages and big enough to work with for a considerable length of time .

The Activity Book , written by Tony Cornish and Bill Horncastle , is substantial and original , to ensure that your students gain full benefit from the video .
the activity book , written by tony cornish and bill horncastle , is [large] and original , to ensure that your students gain full benefit from the video .

Each course has a substantial Teachers Book which not only explains how Fast Forward works and provides teachers notes , but also gives ideas for possible classroom organization , lesson plans , and guides to the different types of exercises and activities .
each course has a [large] teachers book which not only explains how fast forward works and provides teachers notes , but also gives ideas for possible classroom organization , lesson plans , and guides to the different types of exercises and activities .

At the upper levels , more of the units deal with substantial or informative topics , including subjects as varied as video games , design , Shakespeare , pop music and the British royal family .
at the upper levels , more of the units deal with [large] or informative topics , including subjects as varied as video games , design , shakespeare , pop music and the british royal family .

This tendency was not unchallenged amongst Quakers but its impact was substantial , perhaps predominant , in the Yearly Meeting by the later 1820s .
this tendency was not unchallenged amongst quakers but its impact was [large] , perhaps predominant , in the yearly meeting by the later 1820s .

The struggle to avoid the wrath of divine judgement on the nation and conviction that the crisis of the French Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars both revealed God 's displeasure and offered an opportunity to vindicate the nation 's purity , contributed powerfully to substantial ideological coherence over the slave trade , embracing politically a range from the Toryism of James Stephen to the liberal wing of dissent .
the struggle to avoid the wrath of divine judgement on the nation and conviction that the crisis of the french revolutionary and napoleonic wars both revealed god 's displeasure and offered an opportunity to vindicate the nation 's purity , contributed powerfully to [large] ideological coherence over the slave trade , embracing politically a range from the toryism of james stephen to the liberal wing of dissent .

They claimed substantial effects would follow from the removal of the higher duties on East Indian and Indian sugar and the termination of the 6 shillings per hundredweight bounty paid by Britain to West Indian producers for the export of their surplus to European markets .
they claimed [large] effects would follow from the removal of the higher duties on east indian and indian sugar and the termination of the 6 shillings per hundredweight bounty paid by britain to west indian producers for the export of their surplus to european markets .

Beverley and Liverpool reformers in 1824 went to the point of envisaging no substantial changes in the structure of West Indian agriculture with the arrival of emancipation .
beverley and liverpool reformers in 1824 went to the point of envisaging no [large] changes in the structure of west indian agriculture with the arrival of emancipation .

News from missionaries , investigative visits and subsequent writing on the West Indies by Charles Stuart , Joseph Sturge and others provided the kind of detail which permitted attacks on the operation of the system as too little different from slavery to be supported as substantial progress .
news from missionaries , investigative visits and subsequent writing on the west indies by charles stuart , joseph sturge and others provided the kind of detail which permitted attacks on the operation of the system as too little different from slavery to be supported as [large] progress .

After a service of thanksgiving the children were given a ‘ substantial meal of bread and beef ’ ; to observers ‘ the whole scene was one highly creditable to the philanthropy and liberality of the people of Birmingham ’ .
after a service of thanksgiving the children were given a ‘ [large] meal of bread and beef ’ ; to observers ‘ the whole scene was one highly creditable to the philanthropy and liberality of the people of birmingham ’ .

Film comedy developed along a parallel track to the feature film drama : the need for better films made feature film producers more ambitious technically and in terms of story and the same forces helped comedy to graduate from improvised shorts to more substantial films .
film comedy developed along a parallel track to the feature film drama : the need for better films made feature film producers more ambitious technically and in terms of story and the same forces helped comedy to graduate from improvised shorts to more [large] films .

‘ This is a matter of considerable significance to us as three of the five districts in West Yorkshire ( Bradford , Kirklees and Leeds Metropolitan Districts ) have between them received an annual average of about £10 million over the last five years — a substantial figure .
‘ this is a matter of considerable significance to us as three of the five districts in west yorkshire ( bradford , kirklees and leeds metropolitan districts ) have between them received an annual average of about £10 million over the last five years — a [large] figure .

We are also extremely pessimistic that local authorities will receive substantial receipts in the current depressed economic climate .
we are also extremely pessimistic that local authorities will receive [large] receipts in the current depressed economic climate .

To continue with the example of India , it is well documented that there was a massive economic ‘ drain ' which transferred substantial export surpluses of goods and bullion to Britain .
to continue with the example of india , it is well documented that there was a massive economic ‘ drain ' which transferred [large] export surpluses of goods and bullion to britain .

The view that they lack work experience is contradicted by a substantial body of evidence .
the view that they lack work experience is contradicted by a [large] body of evidence .

Since there are substantial differences between industrial relations across industries , which may be unrelated to the national context in which they operate , what is really an ‘ industry ’ effect could be misinterpreted as being a ‘ national ’ effect in a comparative study confined solely to the national level .
since there are [large] differences between industrial relations across industries , which may be unrelated to the national context in which they operate , what is really an ‘ industry ’ effect could be misinterpreted as being a ‘ national ’ effect in a comparative study confined solely to the national level .

owing to its early introduction in 1920 and also because of the substantial extension of its rights in 1952 and 1972 it was able to evolve into the virtual bargaining monopolist on the employees ' side at the plant level , to the extent of being considered by unions as the proper bargaining agent at that level , much more so than in other countries .
owing to its early introduction in 1920 and also because of the [large] extension of its rights in 1952 and 1972 it was able to evolve into the virtual bargaining monopolist on the employees ' side at the plant level , to the extent of being considered by unions as the proper bargaining agent at that level , much more so than in other countries .

For most of this period too , between these two apparently opposed ideological systems there existed a substantial penumbra , within which habits of thought from both overlapped .
for most of this period too , between these two apparently opposed ideological systems there existed a [large] penumbra , within which habits of thought from both overlapped .

The researches of Keith Wrightson and David Levine have revealed that Terling was socially and culturally divided between , on the one hand , a godly elite of ‘ the better sort ’ — yeomen , substantial husbandmen , and craftsmen — who attempted to bring about a reformation of manners through their control of local offices ; and on the other , an illiterate ‘ multitude ’ with little or no religious commitment .
the researches of keith wrightson and david levine have revealed that terling was socially and culturally divided between , on the one hand , a godly elite of ‘ the better sort ’ — yeomen , [large] husbandmen , and craftsmen — who attempted to bring about a reformation of manners through their control of local offices ; and on the other , an illiterate ‘ multitude ’ with little or no religious commitment .

Is the door frame substantial ?
is the door frame [large] ?

relevant to all levels from the syntax of sentences through to the organisation of substantial texts ;
relevant to all levels from the syntax of sentences through to the organisation of [large] texts ;

As is argued at length in the Kingman Report , substantial programmes of teacher training are required if teachers are themselves to know enough to enable them to design with confidence programmes of study about language .
as is argued at length in the kingman report , [large] programmes of teacher training are required if teachers are themselves to know enough to enable them to design with confidence programmes of study about language .

Television and film form substantial parts of pupils ’ experience out of school and teachers need to take this into account .
television and film form [large] parts of pupils ’ experience out of school and teachers need to take this into account .

Substantial research has shown that different ethnic groups ( e.g .
[large] research has shown that different ethnic groups ( e.g .

Earlier this year the mission was greatly encouraged when one woman was led by God to donate £36,000 towards the Crisis Centre and since then there has been one other substantial gift of £1,000 .
earlier this year the mission was greatly encouraged when one woman was led by god to donate £36,000 towards the crisis centre and since then there has been one other [large] gift of £1,000 .

However , the scale of the Bank 's operations makes it improbable that even a substantial increase in its consumer lending would make a very great impact on credit options available to people in lower socio-economic groups .
however , the scale of the bank 's operations makes it improbable that even a [large] increase in its consumer lending would make a very great impact on credit options available to people in lower socio-economic groups .

Its critics claim that any assessment based on arbitrary demographic characteristics rules out a substantial number of people who would have been accepted on the basis of their individual performance , and is therefore unfair to them .
its critics claim that any assessment based on arbitrary demographic characteristics rules out a [large] number of people who would have been accepted on the basis of their individual performance , and is therefore unfair to them .

Fabric boots then multiplied , and for a time they looked like sleeping the market , but their disadvantages in poor conditions did not offset their greater comfort in good ones , and some substantial improvement in waterproofing was needed before this could take place .
fabric boots then multiplied , and for a time they looked like sleeping the market , but their disadvantages in poor conditions did not offset their greater comfort in good ones , and some [large] improvement in waterproofing was needed before this could take place .

The new booties are surprisingly substantial but non-stretch — nothing like their predecessors , Gore-Text socks .
the new booties are surprisingly [large] but non-stretch — nothing like their predecessors , gore-text socks .

These two guide books are succinct , well arranged , nicely presented , decently substantial and well-illustrated .
these two guide books are succinct , well arranged , nicely presented , decently [large] and well-illustrated .

Provided your building comes with an adequate floor , you can stand this on a row of substantial timbers , or on a number of carefully laid paving slabs .
provided your building comes with an adequate floor , you can stand this on a row of [large] timbers , or on a number of carefully laid paving slabs .

To sustain the ministry among the youth and elderly people demanded a substantial core of local leadership .
to sustain the ministry among the youth and elderly people demanded a [large] core of local leadership .

He decided to tell the story of William Black to the Down Presbytery which met monthly and consisted of the Presbyterian ministers of a substantial section of County Down together with one lay elder from each congregation .
he decided to tell the story of william black to the down presbytery which met monthly and consisted of the presbyterian ministers of a [large] section of county down together with one lay elder from each congregation .

As the police privately noted at the time , most of them showed substantial expertise and one in particular was carried out with the skill to be found only among persons such as highly trained army saboteurs .
as the police privately noted at the time , most of them showed [large] expertise and one in particular was carried out with the skill to be found only among persons such as highly trained army saboteurs .

By the beginning of the second week , the organisers knew that the strike had achieved a substantial measure of success , but were much concerned that the media reports suggested the contrary .
by the beginning of the second week , the organisers knew that the strike had achieved a [large] measure of success , but were much concerned that the media reports suggested the contrary .

6.2 Either party shall be entitled on written notice to the other to terminate the Agreement forthwith in the event of any substantial breach by either party which shall include :
6.2 either party shall be entitled on written notice to the other to terminate the agreement forthwith in the event of any [large] breach by either party which shall include :

6.2 Either party shall be entitled on written notice to the other to terminate the Agreement forthwith in the event of any substantial breach by either party which shall include :
6.2 either party shall be entitled on written notice to the other to terminate the agreement forthwith in the event of any [large] breach by either party which shall include :

Changes requiring Project Committee approval include any substantial changes in technical direction which have implications for the allocation of resources or for time and cost required for the completion of the Project .
changes requiring project committee approval include any [large] changes in technical direction which have implications for the allocation of resources or for time and cost required for the completion of the project .

5.3 The Proprietor agrees that the Publisher may amend and alter the Proprietor 's Work supplied to the Publisher in such manner as the Publisher may reasonably consider necessary and the Publisher agrees to discuss any substantial changes with the Proprietor and to obtain the Proprietor 's consent to such substantial changes , which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld by the Proprietor .
5.3 the proprietor agrees that the publisher may amend and alter the proprietor 's work supplied to the publisher in such manner as the publisher may reasonably consider necessary and the publisher agrees to discuss any [large] changes with the proprietor and to obtain the proprietor 's consent to such [large] changes , which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld by the proprietor .

11.1.3 a receiver or administrative receiver or similar is appointed over any substantial part of either party 's business , then the other party may by written notice terminate this Agreement immediately .
11.1.3 a receiver or administrative receiver or similar is appointed over any [large] part of either party 's business , then the other party may by written notice terminate this agreement immediately .

6.2 Either party shall be entitled on written notice to the other to terminate the Agreement forthwith in the event of any substantial breach by either party which shall include :
6.2 either party shall be entitled on written notice to the other to terminate the agreement forthwith in the event of any [large] breach by either party which shall include :

Had we followed the advice of our so-called revolutionary counsellors , this substantial move toward a political revolution would not have taken place to anything like the extent shown by the figures .
had we followed the advice of our so-called revolutionary counsellors , this [large] move toward a political revolution would not have taken place to anything like the extent shown by the figures .

Figures like Barnes used a language of class politics unacceptable to substantial bodies of cooperative opinion , but it accorded precisely with that of Labour in the interwar period and engendered powerful alliances in spite of cooperation 's formal independence .
figures like barnes used a language of class politics unacceptable to [large] bodies of cooperative opinion , but it accorded precisely with that of labour in the interwar period and engendered powerful alliances in spite of cooperation 's formal independence .

Less than three weeks after substantial Labour gains in the 1922 municipal election , Groves won Stratford from the Tories , while Thorne and Jones were re-elected on a platform of working-class advocacy .
less than three weeks after [large] labour gains in the 1922 municipal election , groves won stratford from the tories , while thorne and jones were re-elected on a platform of working-class advocacy .

She proposed that the new king and his brother , who was on a brief visit to Ludlow , should be escorted to London by a substantial body of troops .
she proposed that the new king and his brother , who was on a brief visit to ludlow , should be escorted to london by a [large] body of troops .

‘ Why a substantial body of troops ? ’
‘ why a [large] body of troops ? ’

‘ But why a substantial body of troops , ’ persisted Anne . ‘ Is there to be a war ? ’
‘ but why a [large] body of troops , ’ persisted anne . ‘ is there to be a war ? ’

The commonalty , he told them , was on their side — any attempt to block the protectorship would but increase its already substantial resentment of the Woodvilles .
the commonalty , he told them , was on their side — any attempt to block the protectorship would but increase its already [large] resentment of the woodvilles .

This will inevitably involve a substantial resetting of type , and a second edition will result .
this will inevitably involve a [large] resetting of type , and a second edition will result .

As you would expect , a project of this kind requires substantial sums of money to set up .
as you would expect , a project of this kind requires [large] sums of money to set up .

37 — 41 ) vests substantial discretionary power in private proprietors to campaign to change public perceptions of issues , or to foreclose discussion of threatening social topics .
37 — 41 ) vests [large] discretionary power in private proprietors to campaign to change public perceptions of issues , or to foreclose discussion of threatening social topics .

Not until de-Stalinization was well under way within the Soviet Union did substantial groups of neo-Marxist thinkers emerge and begin to try to adapt Marxist thought to cope with phenomena such as the postponement of revolution in the West , the revitalization of capitalism after the Second World War , and the political stability of liberal democratic regimes .
not until de-stalinization was well under way within the soviet union did [large] groups of neo-marxist thinkers emerge and begin to try to adapt marxist thought to cope with phenomena such as the postponement of revolution in the west , the revitalization of capitalism after the second world war , and the political stability of liberal democratic regimes .

For all its faults , it can at least be said for the modern world that it has produced a substantial body of articulate opinion that blends passion with compassion in its concern for the impoverished and starving peoples of the world .
for all its faults , it can at least be said for the modern world that it has produced a [large] body of articulate opinion that blends passion with compassion in its concern for the impoverished and starving peoples of the world .

Thus , where substantial quantities of the same material equipment or products are discovered , archaeologists tend to assume that they must have been produced by the same people .
thus , where [large] quantities of the same material equipment or products are discovered , archaeologists tend to assume that they must have been produced by the same people .

He claims that it is never a mere tautology that what has some such property is good , but always a substantial claim in ethics .
he claims that it is never a mere tautology that what has some such property is good , but always a [large] claim in ethics .

by the late Seventies it was generally acknowledged that a funding system partially dependent on the departments would be unlikely to assure speedy progress towards a comprehensive service in the sector and would do nothing to reduce the substantial regional inequalities in the distribution of extra hospital facilities .
by the late seventies it was generally acknowledged that a funding system partially dependent on the departments would be unlikely to assure speedy progress towards a comprehensive service in the sector and would do nothing to reduce the [large] regional inequalities in the distribution of extra hospital facilities .

This will be avoided only if adequate progress can be made in developing community services including community hospitals … the release of really substantial resources for deployment in the development of local psychiatric services generally is likely to be achieved only with the closure of a whole hospital .
this will be avoided only if adequate progress can be made in developing community services including community hospitals … the release of really [large] resources for deployment in the development of local psychiatric services generally is likely to be achieved only with the closure of a whole hospital .

On top of these matters of fact , it was held that ‘ where appropriate , a substantial body of socio-clinical opinion ’ supported substituting community-based services for institutional care .
on top of these matters of fact , it was held that ‘ where appropriate , a [large] body of socio-clinical opinion ’ supported substituting community-based services for institutional care .

Granting a monopoly was the easiest way for the monarch to encourage a trade or an industry , and was also a way to reward courtiers , who did not get salaries and hoped for substantial favours of just this sort .
granting a monopoly was the easiest way for the monarch to encourage a trade or an industry , and was also a way to reward courtiers , who did not get salaries and hoped for [large] favours of just this sort .

The English East India Company held a substantial base in the East Indies at Bantam until 1682 , but very early in its history it decided to concentrate on the western Indian Ocean .
the english east india company held a [large] base in the east indies at bantam until 1682 , but very early in its history it decided to concentrate on the western indian ocean .

The Company devoted itself to building up a substantial trade in pepper which , while not as valuable as the most expensive products of the Spice Islands like nutmeg and cloves , still commanded a very steady market in Europe .
the company devoted itself to building up a [large] trade in pepper which , while not as valuable as the most expensive products of the spice islands like nutmeg and cloves , still commanded a very steady market in europe .

Part of the reason why the shareholders had to wait so long for a return was that the original capital had been only 10,000 guineas , and the Company financed itself by fairly short-term loans from the merchants with which it did business , so the shareholders stood at the end of a long line of creditors but could expect substantial returns on their money in the end if the Company survived .
part of the reason why the shareholders had to wait so long for a return was that the original capital had been only 10,000 guineas , and the company financed itself by fairly short-term loans from the merchants with which it did business , so the shareholders stood at the end of a long line of creditors but could expect [large] returns on their money in the end if the company survived .

The sense of panic about over-population that had swept across England in the late sixteenth century , and had made emigration look like the answer to problems of poverty and disorder , had died down and there were even suggestions that a substantial population helped economic expansion .
the sense of panic about over-population that had swept across england in the late sixteenth century , and had made emigration look like the answer to problems of poverty and disorder , had died down and there were even suggestions that a [large] population helped economic expansion .

On balance the trading aspects of what came to be known as the Old Colonial System probably favoured England more than the colonies , though the colonial monopoly of English markets was a substantial counterweight to English monopoly of colonial trade .
on balance the trading aspects of what came to be known as the old colonial system probably favoured england more than the colonies , though the colonial monopoly of english markets was a [large] counterweight to english monopoly of colonial trade .

While writers simply reflected people 's greater knowledge of the colonies and did not do much to increase it , the churches made quite substantial efforts to keep in touch across the Atlantic .
while writers simply reflected people 's greater knowledge of the colonies and did not do much to increase it , the churches made quite [large] efforts to keep in touch across the atlantic .

Andrew Buccleuth certainly had his fair share of brokers and analysts doing exactly that , but he had a more relaxed view of the duties of a salesman — and especially of one who enabled him to win substantial bets on the golf courses of southern England .
andrew buccleuth certainly had his fair share of brokers and analysts doing exactly that , but he had a more relaxed view of the duties of a salesman — and especially of one who enabled him to win [large] bets on the golf courses of southern england .

We are happy to offer a substantial reward for information which leads to the arrest of the guilty person or persons .
we are happy to offer a [large] reward for information which leads to the arrest of the guilty person or persons .

On the same occasion , the Lord Mayor will also formally ‘ open ’ the new Ingrow Railway Centre Yard , which has very recently been landscaped , setted and paved by the Worth Valley Railway with the assistance of a substantial grant again obtained via Bradford Metropolitan Council .
on the same occasion , the lord mayor will also formally ‘ open ’ the new ingrow railway centre yard , which has very recently been landscaped , setted and paved by the worth valley railway with the assistance of a [large] grant again obtained via bradford metropolitan council .

In 1984 a Company was formed , Steamport 1984 Ltd. , to acquire the site from British Rail , with the support of a large group of members , who took a deep breath , and dug into their pockets to help finance a substantial portion of the initial costs , and with the aid of a bank loan , which is now well over half way repaid , the premises became truly home to the exhibits , both privately and society owned .
in 1984 a company was formed , steamport 1984 ltd. , to acquire the site from british rail , with the support of a large group of members , who took a deep breath , and dug into their pockets to help finance a [large] portion of the initial costs , and with the aid of a bank loan , which is now well over half way repaid , the premises became truly home to the exhibits , both privately and society owned .

You will have substantial freedom in running the Agency to achieve performance and financial objectives , and must have a record of outstanding leadership at a senior level in a large organisation .
you will have [large] freedom in running the agency to achieve performance and financial objectives , and must have a record of outstanding leadership at a senior level in a large organisation .

Excellent communication skills , vision , personal credibility and the ability to initiate and drive through change on a substantial scale will also be essential .
excellent communication skills , vision , personal credibility and the ability to initiate and drive through change on a [large] scale will also be essential .

In order to secure someone with outstanding qualifications and experience for this demanding appointment , an attractive and fully competitive remunerations package , and substantial performance bonus , will be negotiated .
in order to secure someone with outstanding qualifications and experience for this demanding appointment , an attractive and fully competitive remunerations package , and [large] performance bonus , will be negotiated .

The scale of operations and seniority of the positions require qualified chemical engineers with substantial experience in the fine chemical or similar industry .
the scale of operations and seniority of the positions require qualified chemical engineers with [large] experience in the fine chemical or similar industry .

In a company with a substantial reputation for innovative dosage forms , and expertise in their manufacture , the formulation development activity is bound to be intellectually more demanding .
in a company with a [large] reputation for innovative dosage forms , and expertise in their manufacture , the formulation development activity is bound to be intellectually more demanding .

Planning matters will form a substantial part of the workload .
planning matters will form a [large] part of the workload .

Candidates must hold a post-professional advanced degree in architectural design or have completed a substantial body of high quality works .
candidates must hold a post-professional advanced degree in architectural design or have completed a [large] body of high quality works .

There are also substantial sections on ‘ International Meetings and Conferences ’ , ‘ Documentation ’ , ‘ Publications ’ and ‘ News and Information ’ .
there are also [large] sections on ‘ international meetings and conferences ’ , ‘ documentation ’ , ‘ publications ’ and ‘ news and information ’ .

Originally intended as a shed to house their historic stock , substantial grants from the English Tourist Board and the Museums and Galleries Commission had enabled the concept to be developed into a museum .
originally intended as a shed to house their historic stock , [large] grants from the english tourist board and the museums and galleries commission had enabled the concept to be developed into a museum .

If the pupil needs to be withdrawn for specialist teaching for a substantial amount of schoolwork , unit provision has a lot to offer .
if the pupil needs to be withdrawn for specialist teaching for a [large] amount of schoolwork , unit provision has a lot to offer .

In addition , they receive just a single rupee for collecting a kilogramme of papers and rags , while their efforts are turned into substantial profits by the recycling industries .
in addition , they receive just a single rupee for collecting a kilogramme of papers and rags , while their efforts are turned into [large] profits by the recycling industries .

There was litigation after the completion of the road , the railway authorities claiming substantial compensation from the Highways authority for damage and disturbance to the railway track .
there was litigation after the completion of the road , the railway authorities claiming [large] compensation from the highways authority for damage and disturbance to the railway track .

The Up platform boasted a simple , wooden shelter behind which was a substantial stone-built goods shed with rail access .
the up platform boasted a simple , wooden shelter behind which was a [large] stone-built goods shed with rail access .

In one study in North America 12,000 empty shells were added to a small reef , resulting in a substantial increase in the crab population .
in one study in north america 12,000 empty shells were added to a small reef , resulting in a [large] increase in the crab population .

Although the rewards of breeding may be high for males that successfully mate with several females , the costs may be substantial too .
although the rewards of breeding may be high for males that successfully mate with several females , the costs may be [large] too .

It is difficult , however , to accept the concept of work which is non-profit-making or which may even cost the providing employer a substantial amount of on-going revenue funds , and until now there has been a great reluctance to fund such initiatives .
it is difficult , however , to accept the concept of work which is non-profit-making or which may even cost the providing employer a [large] amount of on-going revenue funds , and until now there has been a great reluctance to fund such initiatives .

If , however , the voluntary organizations do choose to expand , they will need skilled professional help in becoming major employers , handling substantial finances and complex planning and management tasks .
if , however , the voluntary organizations do choose to expand , they will need skilled professional help in becoming major employers , handling [large] finances and complex planning and management tasks .

In some parts of the country a substantial part of residential services for adults with long-term mental illness , elderly or otherwise , is provided by private landlords who may employ one or two staff to assist with the care of a few residents .
in some parts of the country a [large] part of residential services for adults with long-term mental illness , elderly or otherwise , is provided by private landlords who may employ one or two staff to assist with the care of a few residents .

Such expedient solutions are , however , often demeaning and worrying for the patient and ineffective and frustrating for the staff , and professional interpreters , though expensive , are essential in localities where a substantial minority speaks a language other than English .
such expedient solutions are , however , often demeaning and worrying for the patient and ineffective and frustrating for the staff , and professional interpreters , though expensive , are essential in localities where a [large] minority speaks a language other than english .

But specialist services can make only a fairly modest contribution to an overall plan for services in a multiracial society unless mainstream services are also radically overhauled in those areas with substantial ethnic populations .
but specialist services can make only a fairly modest contribution to an overall plan for services in a multiracial society unless mainstream services are also radically overhauled in those areas with [large] ethnic populations .

In practice the terms and conditions of employment of sub-contractors will vary from company to company and are often drafted with a substantial bias in the builder 's favour .
in practice the terms and conditions of employment of sub-contractors will vary from company to company and are often drafted with a [large] bias in the builder 's favour .

When rates are discounted in this way by substantial amounts , bad feeling and discontent may well develop on the site .
when rates are discounted in this way by [large] amounts , bad feeling and discontent may well develop on the site .

The company may enter into a formal agreement with its work-force to transfer a substantial percentage of gross profits each year to a trust fund .
the company may enter into a formal agreement with its work-force to transfer a [large] percentage of gross profits each year to a trust fund .

There can be substantial pressure on the builder 's surveyor in locating and engaging labour and in the measurement of bonus , or labour-only sub-contractors ' work , on a weekly basis .
there can be [large] pressure on the builder 's surveyor in locating and engaging labour and in the measurement of bonus , or labour-only sub-contractors ' work , on a weekly basis .

The land speculator operates in two different ways , either using entrepreneurial initiative , negotiating time and ability but relatively little capital ; or by investing on a long-term basis with the ultimate possibility of substantial capital growth .
the land speculator operates in two different ways , either using entrepreneurial initiative , negotiating time and ability but relatively little capital ; or by investing on a long-term basis with the ultimate possibility of [large] capital growth .

This will involve the developer in a substantial amount of design work , including both site layout and individual house designs .
this will involve the developer in a [large] amount of design work , including both site layout and individual house designs .

Where the developer will be involved in a substantial commitment of time and resources in obtaining planning approval or resolving development problems , it is likely that the parties will enter into an option agreement or conditional contract .
where the developer will be involved in a [large] commitment of time and resources in obtaining planning approval or resolving development problems , it is likely that the parties will enter into an option agreement or conditional contract .

Some options can be long term with the vendor receiving substantial payments , perhaps equivalent to the value of the land in its current use .
some options can be long term with the vendor receiving [large] payments , perhaps equivalent to the value of the land in its current use .

The option is clearly to the advantage of the developer , in that : there is low initial capital commitment there is opportunity to resolve problems and obtain planning approval The faces less competition than would be found if the land was sold at auction or tender if the scheme is abandoned the option need not be exercised On the other hand problems can arise where there is a substantial downturn in the market and it is not viable to proceed at the price agreed in the option agreement .
the option is clearly to the advantage of the developer , in that : there is low initial capital commitment there is opportunity to resolve problems and obtain planning approval the faces less competition than would be found if the land was sold at auction or tender if the scheme is abandoned the option need not be exercised on the other hand problems can arise where there is a [large] downturn in the market and it is not viable to proceed at the price agreed in the option agreement .

In view of the substantial sums of money involved , risks must be reduced to the absolute minimum .
in view of the [large] sums of money involved , risks must be reduced to the absolute minimum .

The planning officer 's attitude to proposals to develop a site can be assessed when only outline approval has been obtained or substantial modification is required to the detailed approval .
the planning officer 's attitude to proposals to develop a site can be assessed when only outline approval has been obtained or [large] modification is required to the detailed approval .

Both the building control department of the local authority and the National House-Building Council have become meticulous over foundation design , particularly since the drought of 1976 , when substantial claims for subsidence were made .
both the building control department of the local authority and the national house-building council have become meticulous over foundation design , particularly since the drought of 1976 , when [large] claims for subsidence were made .

Predominantly Russian Orthodox by religion although with a substantial Roman Catholic ( Uniate ) minority , Kievan Rus had been the origin of the Russian state in the ninth century and enjoyed an extended period of independence , but then came under Lithuanian , Polish and ( from the seventeenth century ) Russian control .
predominantly russian orthodox by religion although with a [large] roman catholic ( uniate ) minority , kievan rus had been the origin of the russian state in the ninth century and enjoyed an extended period of independence , but then came under lithuanian , polish and ( from the seventeenth century ) russian control .

Estonia , Latvia and Lithuania had been conquered from Sweden in the eighteenth century and incorporated as ‘ Baltic provinces ’ into the Russian Empire in the early nineteenth century , although a German landowning and commercial class retained substantial influence .
estonia , latvia and lithuania had been conquered from sweden in the eighteenth century and incorporated as ‘ baltic provinces ’ into the russian empire in the early nineteenth century , although a german landowning and commercial class retained [large] influence .

The expansion of educational opportunities in the less industrialised republics , again , led to the emergence of a substantial native intelligentsia who saw little reason for responsible positions in their locality to be filled by outsiders .
the expansion of educational opportunities in the less industrialised republics , again , led to the emergence of a [large] native intelligentsia who saw little reason for responsible positions in their locality to be filled by outsiders .

Kazakhstan had a very substantial Russian population 37.8 per cent of the total according to the 1989 census , almost as many as the Kazakhs themselves — but it was the home of the great majority of the Soviet Union 's Kazakhs and it had become accepted that the republic 's party and state leadership should be drawn from the national group after whom the republic was named .
kazakhstan had a very [large] russian population 37.8 per cent of the total according to the 1989 census , almost as many as the kazakhs themselves — but it was the home of the great majority of the soviet union 's kazakhs and it had become accepted that the republic 's party and state leadership should be drawn from the national group after whom the republic was named .

Influenced by developments such as these , substantial public support began to develop for measures which would protect the position of the indigenous nationalities and which would ensure that economic decisions were taken with a greater degree of consideration for local circumstances .
influenced by developments such as these , [large] public support began to develop for measures which would protect the position of the indigenous nationalities and which would ensure that economic decisions were taken with a greater degree of consideration for local circumstances .

National assertiveness reached the largest and most important of the Soviet Union 's republics , the Russian , in May 1990 , following the elections to the republican Congress of People 's Deputies in which radical candidates had won a substantial proportion of the vote ( see above , p. 59 ) .
national assertiveness reached the largest and most important of the soviet union 's republics , the russian , in may 1990 , following the elections to the republican congress of people 's deputies in which radical candidates had won a [large] proportion of the vote ( see above , p. 59 ) .

The months and years that followed saw the establishment of a much more substantial Soviet presence in Afghanistan than any that had previously existed , including political and economic links as well as a growing military commitment .
the months and years that followed saw the establishment of a much more [large] soviet presence in afghanistan than any that had previously existed , including political and economic links as well as a growing military commitment .

Dedication is also the byword of our chairman , Mr Ken Mentle , and once again he has no hesitation in offering me a substantial amount of promises for next season .
dedication is also the byword of our chairman , mr ken mentle , and once again he has no hesitation in offering me a [large] amount of promises for next season .

Yet how did they manage to stay red and substantial ( or , in Aunt Margaret 's case , intermittently substantial ) when they lived under the weight of Uncle Philip , the Beast of the Apocalypse ? How could she , Melanie , have ever guessed that her uncle would be a monster with a voice so loud she was afraid it would bring the roof down and bury them all ?
yet how did they manage to stay red and [large] ( or , in aunt margaret 's case , intermittently [large] ) when they lived under the weight of uncle philip , the beast of the apocalypse ? how could she , melanie , have ever guessed that her uncle would be a monster with a voice so loud she was afraid it would bring the roof down and bury them all ?

All that was substantial to her was the boy whom she touched all down the length of her but did not touch .
all that was [large] to her was the boy whom she touched all down the length of her but did not touch .

From the point of view of policy , there is a substantial difference between horizontal mergers and vertical mergers , based upon this analysis .
from the point of view of policy , there is a [large] difference between horizontal mergers and vertical mergers , based upon this analysis .

The presumption with a vertical merger is that unless a substantial horizontal impact is involved , it will be socially beneficial on balance .
the presumption with a vertical merger is that unless a [large] horizontal impact is involved , it will be socially beneficial on balance .

As Stephen had already laid out a substantial sum on placing the order , he was damned if he was going to write it off .
as stephen had already laid out a [large] sum on placing the order , he was damned if he was going to write it off .

Salaries are substantial ; a survey for the years 1978–1980 found that the middle remuneration bracket for lawyers in a wide variety of industries was £16,000-£18,000 , which placed lawyers on a level with the average director .
salaries are [large] ; a survey for the years 1978–1980 found that the middle remuneration bracket for lawyers in a wide variety of industries was £16,000-£18,000 , which placed lawyers on a level with the average director .

‘ They 're not substantial , remember , ’ he said .
‘ they 're not [large] , remember , ’ he said .

This would be a severe difficulty in the United Kingdom , where a larger proportion of the population would be excluded than in the United States ; indeed the method is probably suitable only in countries where a very substantial number of people own telephones .
this would be a severe difficulty in the united kingdom , where a larger proportion of the population would be excluded than in the united states ; indeed the method is probably suitable only in countries where a very [large] number of people own telephones .

In the years 1975–81 , two substantial sociolinguistic research projects were completed in Belfast , Northern Ireland , concerned with language variation and change in the city .
in the years 1975–81 , two [large] sociolinguistic research projects were completed in belfast , northern ireland , concerned with language variation and change in the city .

Both Labov and Harris had obtained this knowledge from analytic work on substantial bodies of data .
both labov and harris had obtained this knowledge from analytic work on [large] bodies of data .

This substantial and carefully argued paper deals with a number of thorny methodological issues , such as defining the scope and relevant contexts of the syntactic variable ( see 7.4.1 ) and problems associated with the low frequency of particular verbs .
this [large] and carefully argued paper deals with a number of thorny methodological issues , such as defining the scope and relevant contexts of the syntactic variable ( see 7.4.1 ) and problems associated with the low frequency of particular verbs .

First , the areal units used often contain substantial towns within their borders , and second , the annual and monthly data collected by the Department of Employment only record ‘ employees in employment ’ .
first , the areal units used often contain [large] towns within their borders , and second , the annual and monthly data collected by the department of employment only record ‘ employees in employment ’ .

Nonetheless , a substantial degree of agreement has been achieved , not only between different demographic groups , but also between the whole range of approaches , intuitive , statistical and personal preference ( Briggs and France , 1980 ) and it can generally be concluded that good landscapes will have substantial relative relief , a major water body , diverse land use , and some historical artifacts , but will lack modern industry and major transport facilities .
nonetheless , a [large] degree of agreement has been achieved , not only between different demographic groups , but also between the whole range of approaches , intuitive , statistical and personal preference ( briggs and france , 1980 ) and it can generally be concluded that good landscapes will have [large] relative relief , a major water body , diverse land use , and some historical artifacts , but will lack modern industry and major transport facilities .

However , this solution does not address the problem of costs of delay known as demurrage which can be very substantial .
however , this solution does not address the problem of costs of delay known as demurrage which can be very [large] .

To make matters worse , United States banks are unable to issue guarantees for missing bills of lading unless they have a ‘ substantial interest in the performance of the transaction .
to make matters worse , united states banks are unable to issue guarantees for missing bills of lading unless they have a ‘ [large] interest in the performance of the transaction .

That 's the thing , they 're simply not very substantial .
that 's the thing , they 're simply not very [large] .

Some of the inquiries amass substantial memoranda and take oral evidence from a wide range of witnesses , ministers , civil servants and other people thought to be able to make useful contributions .
some of the inquiries amass [large] memoranda and take oral evidence from a wide range of witnesses , ministers , civil servants and other people thought to be able to make useful contributions .

It is not possible to say whether a substantial report is more likely to make an impact than a slim report .
it is not possible to say whether a [large] report is more likely to make an impact than a slim report .

Yet they still operate a substantial if ill-defined fringe of functions provided by the state .
yet they still operate a [large] if ill-defined fringe of functions provided by the state .

These results were backed by solid gains at local elections and it became clear that the Nationalists had made substantial inroads into the Labour vote , at any rate between general elections .
these results were backed by solid gains at local elections and it became clear that the nationalists had made [large] inroads into the labour vote , at any rate between general elections .

There are , however , still substantial differences between the subjects followed in universities and polytechnics , with men far outnumbering women in the science subjects .
there are , however , still [large] differences between the subjects followed in universities and polytechnics , with men far outnumbering women in the science subjects .

Finally , has the substantial expansion of educational provision increased the chances of working-class youth , relative to those of other young people , of obtaining positions at the top end of the occupational ladder ?
finally , has the [large] expansion of educational provision increased the chances of working-class youth , relative to those of other young people , of obtaining positions at the top end of the occupational ladder ?

To summarise this section on education : substantial progress has been made in the last twenty years in relation to the reduction of sex inequalities in education .
to summarise this section on education : [large] progress has been made in the last twenty years in relation to the reduction of sex inequalities in education .

Maynard 's and Ludbrook 's analysis of hospital revenues during the three years 1977–80 suggest that the most deprived regions ‘ have made substantial gains ’ at the expense of other regions .
maynard 's and ludbrook 's analysis of hospital revenues during the three years 1977–80 suggest that the most deprived regions ‘ have made [large] gains ’ at the expense of other regions .

For both adult and infant mortality rates , two trends are clearly discernible : there has been a substantial reduction in mortality rates for all socio-economic groups ; the reduction , however , has been more substantial for the upper socio-economic groups with the result that socio-economic inequalities have widened over the years .
for both adult and infant mortality rates , two trends are clearly discernible : there has been a [large] reduction in mortality rates for all socio-economic groups ; the reduction , however , has been more [large] for the upper socio-economic groups with the result that socio-economic inequalities have widened over the years .

As was pointed out in the previous chapter , substantial progress has been made in reducing overcrowding , as of facially defined .
as was pointed out in the previous chapter , [large] progress has been made in reducing overcrowding , as of facially defined .

Since women outlive men in substantial numbers , inadequate housing is more a problem for elderly women than for elderly men .
since women outlive men in [large] numbers , inadequate housing is more a problem for elderly women than for elderly men .

While all these comments are correct as generalisations , it needs to be remembered that , as Table 3.18 shows , there are also substantial differences in the housing conditions of the different ethnic minorities .
while all these comments are correct as generalisations , it needs to be remembered that , as table 3.18 shows , there are also [large] differences in the housing conditions of the different ethnic minorities .

This may be a desirable policy from the egalitarian point of view , but it is not likely to lead directly to any substantial reduction of housing inequalities as the evidence from countries such as Canada , without mortgage tax relief , shows .
this may be a desirable policy from the egalitarian point of view , but it is not likely to lead directly to any [large] reduction of housing inequalities as the evidence from countries such as canada , without mortgage tax relief , shows .

Data are not very adequate but they suggest that there has been a reduction of inequalities in this area even though the advantages of the non-manual over the manual groups are still substantial today .
data are not very adequate but they suggest that there has been a reduction of inequalities in this area even though the advantages of the non-manual over the manual groups are still [large] today .

There is substantial evidence showing that the chances of surviving to old age are lower among the manual than non-manual groups and that this also applies , though to a lesser extent , to the number of years people live beyond retirement .
there is [large] evidence showing that the chances of surviving to old age are lower among the manual than non-manual groups and that this also applies , though to a lesser extent , to the number of years people live beyond retirement .

There can be no disagreement about the fact that inequalities in all four areas are still substantial today , though there can be differences of opinion as to whether these are excessive , just about right , or even too small .
there can be no disagreement about the fact that inequalities in all four areas are still [large] today , though there can be differences of opinion as to whether these are excessive , just about right , or even too small .

The eighteenth century witnessed a substantial rise in population which accelerated even further at the beginning of the nineteenth century .
the eighteenth century witnessed a [large] rise in population which accelerated even further at the beginning of the nineteenth century .

Nevertheless , the fact still remains that education was not built into his analysis of economic growth in any more substantial way than it appeared in Adam Smith 's work .
nevertheless , the fact still remains that education was not built into his analysis of economic growth in any more [large] way than it appeared in adam smith 's work .

Third , there has been substantial criticism of the implication of the human capital theory that income inequalities both within nations and between nations are reduced through increased investment in education .
third , there has been [large] criticism of the implication of the human capital theory that income inequalities both within nations and between nations are reduced through increased investment in education .

Third , there is substantial evidence showing that economic growth and education in advanced industrial societies are correlated , though there is equally substantial disagreement about the direction of the causality .
third , there is [large] evidence showing that economic growth and education in advanced industrial societies are correlated , though there is equally [large] disagreement about the direction of the causality .

Vice versa , substantial immigration into growth areas causes social problems of crime , mental illness , etc .
vice versa , [large] immigration into growth areas causes social problems of crime , mental illness , etc .

Only substantial government control and ownership of industry can hope to deal with regional inequalities of employment .
only [large] government control and ownership of industry can hope to deal with regional inequalities of employment .

McCallum divides the development of regional policy since the war into five periods : 1945–7 was a period of substantial growth ; 1947–58 was the ‘ lull ’ in regional policy ; 1958–64 was the re-activation ; 1964–70 represented the boom ; 1970–4 witnessed the unsuccessful counterrevolution ; and 1974–8 was an age of uncertainty .
mccallum divides the development of regional policy since the war into five periods : 1945–7 was a period of [large] growth ; 1947–58 was the ‘ lull ’ in regional policy ; 1958–64 was the re-activation ; 1964–70 represented the boom ; 1970–4 witnessed the unsuccessful counterrevolution ; and 1974–8 was an age of uncertainty .

The favourable labour conditions and the strong commitment of the Attlee government to regional policy resulted in substantial progress in this field : development areas gained 51 per cent of the total new industrial building during the two-year period 1945–7 .
the favourable labour conditions and the strong commitment of the attlee government to regional policy resulted in [large] progress in this field : development areas gained 51 per cent of the total new industrial building during the two-year period 1945–7 .

’ It is a view held not only by expert bodies and individuals but also by a substantial proportion of the general public who are not necessarily able to explain why and how this process takes place .
’ it is a view held not only by expert bodies and individuals but also by a [large] proportion of the general public who are not necessarily able to explain why and how this process takes place .

The situation was made more serious by the fact that public employees , during this period , demanded and were granted substantial rises in their wages and salaries .
the situation was made more serious by the fact that public employees , during this period , demanded and were granted [large] rises in their wages and salaries .

This literature is very substantial and far more sophisticated than the state subsidy theory of strikes .
this literature is very [large] and far more sophisticated than the state subsidy theory of strikes .

As the Crown acts on the advice of ministers in this matter , and as they deal with comparable matters , the distinction between the two is not substantial .
as the crown acts on the advice of ministers in this matter , and as they deal with comparable matters , the distinction between the two is not [large] .

In one recent enquiry into the electricity supply industry , Lord Wilberforce asked the Treasury to submit a memorandum on the significance of the dispute to the interests of the national economy and the Treasury responded with a document that argued for a progressive and substantial reduction in the levels of settlements .
in one recent enquiry into the electricity supply industry , lord wilberforce asked the treasury to submit a memorandum on the significance of the dispute to the interests of the national economy and the treasury responded with a document that argued for a progressive and [large] reduction in the levels of settlements .

This tribunal also operated under the Act of 1921 and its report was substantial .
this tribunal also operated under the act of 1921 and its report was [large] .

While participating Law Lords agreed with one another more frequently than they disagreed , the authors of the survey list thirteen items between 1956 and 1967 where there was a substantial measure of disagreement and of these several were not matters of technical law .
while participating law lords agreed with one another more frequently than they disagreed , the authors of the survey list thirteen items between 1956 and 1967 where there was a [large] measure of disagreement and of these several were not matters of technical law .

Lord Ackner spoke of the proposals as involving ‘ at the very least a substantial risk of the destruction of the Bar ’ , of ‘ the myopic application of dogma ’ and much else besides .
lord ackner spoke of the proposals as involving ‘ at the very least a [large] risk of the destruction of the bar ’ , of ‘ the myopic application of dogma ’ and much else besides .

It is therefore clear that as a result of the statutory machinery an individual can have a substantial measure of control over his own working life compulsorily delegated to an agent , a trade union , which he has not selected and may even have his own contract of service varied without his consent .
it is therefore clear that as a result of the statutory machinery an individual can have a [large] measure of control over his own working life compulsorily delegated to an agent , a trade union , which he has not selected and may even have his own contract of service varied without his consent .

The published policy of the Secretary of State was that he would not grant consent for the total or substantial demolition of a listed building unless he was satisfied that every effort had been made to continue the present use or find an alternative use .
the published policy of the secretary of state was that he would not grant consent for the total or [large] demolition of a listed building unless he was satisfied that every effort had been made to continue the present use or find an alternative use .

The economic crisis and in particular the slump produced lower totals for the next two years , but by 1939 , the number of holidays booked had risen to a substantial 62,500 , comprising 29,500 holiday-makers travelling overseas , and 33,000 taking home bookings .
the economic crisis and in particular the slump produced lower totals for the next two years , but by 1939 , the number of holidays booked had risen to a [large] 62,500 , comprising 29,500 holiday-makers travelling overseas , and 33,000 taking home bookings .

The first substantial remains of sculpture from a Doric building are from a temple of Artemis on Kerkyra ( Corcyra , Corfu ) , which must date from the first decade or two of the sixth century .
the first [large] remains of sculpture from a doric building are from a temple of artemis on kerkyra ( corcyra , corfu ) , which must date from the first decade or two of the sixth century .

Pausanias describes the sculptures , and the substantial surviving remains can be fitted to his description , though there is doubt about the arrangement in the east pediment .
pausanias describes the sculptures , and the [large] surviving remains can be fitted to his description , though there is doubt about the arrangement in the east pediment .

However , this does not take account of the fact that some of the housing stock will be vacant for frictional reasons , or because of government policy , or its unattractiveness , or use as second homes : furthermore , some dwellings may be unfit , lacking amenities or requiring substantial repairs — in England alone two million had at least one of these physical problems in 1981 ( English House Condition Survey , 1982 , p. 3 ) .
however , this does not take account of the fact that some of the housing stock will be vacant for frictional reasons , or because of government policy , or its unattractiveness , or use as second homes : furthermore , some dwellings may be unfit , lacking amenities or requiring [large] repairs — in england alone two million had at least one of these physical problems in 1981 ( english house condition survey , 1982 , p. 3 ) .

Nevertheless , these data might suggest that a golden age of housing had arrived , but there is also clear evidence of substantial housing stress in Britain in the mid-1980s .
nevertheless , these data might suggest that a golden age of housing had arrived , but there is also clear evidence of [large] housing stress in britain in the mid-1980s .

Since they are increasingly owner-occupiers , they may find substantial financial as well as emotional costs in moving to a more suitable home .
since they are increasingly owner-occupiers , they may find [large] financial as well as emotional costs in moving to a more suitable home .

Increasing further the proportion of owner-occupiers could be achieved by giving substantial inducements to potential owners , or by making the public rented sector less attractive , as is being done in a variety of ways in the late 1980s by the Conservative administration .
increasing further the proportion of owner-occupiers could be achieved by giving [large] inducements to potential owners , or by making the public rented sector less attractive , as is being done in a variety of ways in the late 1980s by the conservative administration .

Although there has been a substantial move away from the building of three or more bedroom houses in recent years , they still accounted for 60 per cent of the total housing stock in 1986 compared with nearly three-quarters a decade earlier ( Housing and Construction Statistics 1976–1986 , Table 6.8 , 1987 ) .
although there has been a [large] move away from the building of three or more bedroom houses in recent years , they still accounted for 60 per cent of the total housing stock in 1986 compared with nearly three-quarters a decade earlier ( housing and construction statistics 1976–1986 , table 6.8 , 1987 ) .

Demographic circumstances around that time tend to have substantial effects on the type and quality of housing which many people will live in for the rest of their lifetimes .
demographic circumstances around that time tend to have [large] effects on the type and quality of housing which many people will live in for the rest of their lifetimes .

However , apart from their own and their parents ' socio-economic characteristics , demographic factors such as early marriage and childbearing experience also have a substantial effect .
however , apart from their own and their parents ' socio-economic characteristics , demographic factors such as early marriage and childbearing experience also have a [large] effect .

The long-lasting substantial differentials between social classes is well known and well established due to the excellent analyses produced in the past in the Registrar General 's Decennial Supplements .
the long-lasting [large] differentials between social classes is well known and well established due to the excellent analyses produced in the past in the registrar general 's decennial supplements .

What is more surprising is that differentials by housing tenure are even more substantial .
what is more surprising is that differentials by housing tenure are even more [large] .

This strongly suggests that housing tenure is associated with more substantial and fundamental aspects than simply housing matters .
this strongly suggests that housing tenure is associated with more [large] and fundamental aspects than simply housing matters .

The reasons for these wide-ranging and very substantial housing tenure effects on demographic behaviour are not well understood ; indeed , they have received far less attention than other less-striking ones .
the reasons for these wide-ranging and very [large] housing tenure effects on demographic behaviour are not well understood ; indeed , they have received far less attention than other less-striking ones .

The result , however , is not in doubt ; the British housing system is becoming increasingly polarized between a majority of secure owner-occupiers who have made substantial capital gains and are receiving large continuing subsidies , and the rest ( this includes the group which space has precluded discussing : the marginal group of owner-occupiers , many of whom are in a more precarious position than local authority tenants , and whose problems will become much more prominent in years to come ( Karn , Kemeny , and Williams , 1985 ; Sullivan and Murphy , 1987 ) ) .
the result , however , is not in doubt ; the british housing system is becoming increasingly polarized between a majority of secure owner-occupiers who have made [large] capital gains and are receiving large continuing subsidies , and the rest ( this includes the group which space has precluded discussing : the marginal group of owner-occupiers , many of whom are in a more precarious position than local authority tenants , and whose problems will become much more prominent in years to come ( karn , kemeny , and williams , 1985 ; sullivan and murphy , 1987 ) ) .

Gone are the more dynamic days of the early 1960s when even substantial rates of net migration loss from the larger cities to other parts of Britain were largely or completely offset by relatively high rates of natural increase and by immigration from overseas .
gone are the more dynamic days of the early 1960s when even [large] rates of net migration loss from the larger cities to other parts of britain were largely or completely offset by relatively high rates of natural increase and by immigration from overseas .

Substantial theoretical correctives to such procedures can be found in the important work of Mukarovsky ( translated 1970 ) and Morawski ( 1974 ) .
[large] theoretical correctives to such procedures can be found in the important work of mukarovsky ( translated 1970 ) and morawski ( 1974 ) .

There can be no doubt that over the whole range covered by these attempted distinctions there are substantial differences of immediacy and perception of use and need .
there can be no doubt that over the whole range covered by these attempted distinctions there are [large] differences of immediacy and perception of use and need .

Typically , moreover , it is marginal , however important and substantial the arts involved ( as now poetry , opera , ballet , and an increasing proportion of orchestral music and of theatre ) .
typically , moreover , it is marginal , however important and [large] the arts involved ( as now poetry , opera , ballet , and an increasing proportion of orchestral music and of theatre ) .

These changes , at their most general , are , first , the substantial development of the division of labour , inside cultural processes , and , second , forms of class division , related both to the specialized divisions of the process and to the ownership and management of the developed means of production .
these changes , at their most general , are , first , the [large] development of the division of labour , inside cultural processes , and , second , forms of class division , related both to the specialized divisions of the process and to the ownership and management of the developed means of production .

The occupational community becomes what can be called an ‘ encapsulated community ’ , a village within the village , suspicious of and resistant to any intimate social contact with the commuters and second-home owners who now comprise a substantial proportion of the population .
the occupational community becomes what can be called an ‘ encapsulated community ’ , a village within the village , suspicious of and resistant to any intimate social contact with the commuters and second-home owners who now comprise a [large] proportion of the population .

However , had a substantial number of urban dwellers not chosen to live in the countryside the consequences may have been even more severe : the complete destruction of both the social and the physical fabric of the English village .
however , had a [large] number of urban dwellers not chosen to live in the countryside the consequences may have been even more severe : the complete destruction of both the social and the physical fabric of the english village .

An examination of the implications of the social security ‘ reforms ’ of April 1988 ( National Association of Citizens Advice Bureaux , 1988 ; Turner and Kepley , 1988 ) indicates how regarding disabled people as ‘ normal ’ results in a substantial increase in disadvantage .
an examination of the implications of the social security ‘ reforms ’ of april 1988 ( national association of citizens advice bureaux , 1988 ; turner and kepley , 1988 ) indicates how regarding disabled people as ‘ normal ’ results in a [large] increase in disadvantage .

While some thought that they did a good job , a substantial minority felt that they were a waste of time .
while some thought that they did a good job , a [large] minority felt that they were a waste of time .

The project was to be funded for one year with money from the Telethon Trust , which paid for the author 's post , that of development worker , as well as allowing a substantial budget ; the overall aim was to establish a leisure service for disabled people within the Northern Health Region .
the project was to be funded for one year with money from the telethon trust , which paid for the author 's post , that of development worker , as well as allowing a [large] budget ; the overall aim was to establish a leisure service for disabled people within the northern health region .

Only two of the 25 disabled professionals were given substantial concessions during their training .
only two of the 25 disabled professionals were given [large] concessions during their training .

Medical students learn to distinguish ‘ acute ’ , which means something of recent onset , from ‘ chronic ’ , which means a condition which has lasted and will probably continue for a substantial time .
medical students learn to distinguish ‘ acute ’ , which means something of recent onset , from ‘ chronic ’ , which means a condition which has lasted and will probably continue for a [large] time .

Nevertheless , as the quotation also illustrates , companies can have substantial vested interests in the viability of current products and production processes .
nevertheless , as the quotation also illustrates , companies can have [large] vested interests in the viability of current products and production processes .

These and similar decisions not only affect how a substantial proportion of the population spend their working lives , but also influence the level and distribution of skills within the workforce , which in turn is a determinant of national economic success .
these and similar decisions not only affect how a [large] proportion of the population spend their working lives , but also influence the level and distribution of skills within the workforce , which in turn is a determinant of national economic success .

Large-scale redundancies , particularly where the company employs a sizeable proportion of the workforce , are liable to result in a substantial reduction in local purchasing power ; this may in turn have a knock-on effect on other local businesses and on local tax revenues and hence municipally-provided services , and the ensuing high level of unemployment is likely to contribute more generally to a weakening of community relations .
large-scale redundancies , particularly where the company employs a sizeable proportion of the workforce , are liable to result in a [large] reduction in local purchasing power ; this may in turn have a knock-on effect on other local businesses and on local tax revenues and hence municipally-provided services , and the ensuing high level of unemployment is likely to contribute more generally to a weakening of community relations .

It follows that changes to the legal framework that are deemed necessary to encourage or induce the desired behaviour should be viewed as permissible even though a substantial curtailment of shareholder rights may be involved .
it follows that changes to the legal framework that are deemed necessary to encourage or induce the desired behaviour should be viewed as permissible even though a [large] curtailment of shareholder rights may be involved .

The scope of the present debate will now be expanded by examining whether there are more substantial grounds than those so far considered for regarding companies as ‘ private ’ bodies .
the scope of the present debate will now be expanded by examining whether there are more [large] grounds than those so far considered for regarding companies as ‘ private ’ bodies .

Needless to say , a full-scale review of the moral justification of private property will not be undertaken , but enough will be said to indicate that there are substantial difficulties in the way of providing a satisfactory justification of corporate power by reference to the shareholders ' supposed moral ownership rights .
needless to say , a full-scale review of the moral justification of private property will not be undertaken , but enough will be said to indicate that there are [large] difficulties in the way of providing a satisfactory justification of corporate power by reference to the shareholders ' supposed moral ownership rights .

Furthermore , corporate capitalism is actually a generator of substantial inequalities in primary incomes , and it is arguable that such inequalities are a precondition for the effective functioning of the system , with the consequence that the scope for redistribution is in practice limited .
furthermore , corporate capitalism is actually a generator of [large] inequalities in primary incomes , and it is arguable that such inequalities are a precondition for the effective functioning of the system , with the consequence that the scope for redistribution is in practice limited .

Chapter 1 noted that competitive conditions in many product markets are such that they are likely to be tolerant of managerial ineffectiveness and in some substantial deviations from the profit goal will not be incompatible with enterprise survival .
chapter 1 noted that competitive conditions in many product markets are such that they are likely to be tolerant of managerial ineffectiveness and in some [large] deviations from the profit goal will not be incompatible with enterprise survival .

Clearly , there is a substantial community of interest between shareholders and employees .
clearly , there is a [large] community of interest between shareholders and employees .

The only practicable alternative , of allowing the directors themselves to decide when a departure from the profit goal is justified , would involve a substantial abandonment of the duty-based control mechanism and would offer no guarantee that any member would be satisfied with the particular balance of interests that the directors might choose to strike .
the only practicable alternative , of allowing the directors themselves to decide when a departure from the profit goal is justified , would involve a [large] abandonment of the duty-based control mechanism and would offer no guarantee that any member would be satisfied with the particular balance of interests that the directors might choose to strike .

In aggregate , it will certainly be a greater cause of loss than the various forms of self-dealing , discussed in Chapter 7 , which have generated a substantial body of case law and are subject to detailed statutory regulation .
in aggregate , it will certainly be a greater cause of loss than the various forms of self-dealing , discussed in chapter 7 , which have generated a [large] body of case law and are subject to detailed statutory regulation .

While Jensen contends that ‘ [ a ] lthough the evidence is not literally 100 percent in support of the efficient market hypothesis , no proposition in any of the sciences is better documented ’ , there is in fact substantial disagreement about whether the market is efficient in the most relevant sense , that is , in reflecting companies ' underlying value .
while jensen contends that ‘ [ a ] lthough the evidence is not literally 100 percent in support of the efficient market hypothesis , no proposition in any of the sciences is better documented ’ , there is in fact [large] disagreement about whether the market is efficient in the most relevant sense , that is , in reflecting companies ' underlying value .

The fact , as one commentator has pointed out , that bidders are prepared to pay substantial premiums over the existing stock market valuation of a company in order to gain control indicates that despite the presence of the take-over threat bidders still believe that there is considerable scope for efficiency gains .
the fact , as one commentator has pointed out , that bidders are prepared to pay [large] premiums over the existing stock market valuation of a company in order to gain control indicates that despite the presence of the take-over threat bidders still believe that there is considerable scope for efficiency gains .

The result , however , is that because of the free- riding element the bid may fail , and hence a substantial gap may arise between a company 's actual and potential earnings without an inefficient management being ousted by take- over .
the result , however , is that because of the free- riding element the bid may fail , and hence a [large] gap may arise between a company 's actual and potential earnings without an inefficient management being ousted by take- over .

It has thus been suggested that while there is ‘ substantial evidence of information arbitrage market efficiency , meaning that prices respond quickly to new information … this technical efficiency is very different from the claimed ability of the market to value stocks in accordance with the expected stream of future earnings or dividends ’ .
it has thus been suggested that while there is ‘ [large] evidence of information arbitrage market efficiency , meaning that prices respond quickly to new information … this technical efficiency is very different from the claimed ability of the market to value stocks in accordance with the expected stream of future earnings or dividends ’ .

‘ Quite a substantial house , ’ corrected Mr Crump modestly , ‘ as we intend to live hereabouts . ’
‘ quite a [large] house , ’ corrected mr crump modestly , ‘ as we intend to live hereabouts . ’

The female half of the population had to wait even longer for an equal political voice : not until substantial numbers of women had moved out from the shelter of the home to take an independent place in the labour market was women 's claim to a voice in the political market allowed .
the female half of the population had to wait even longer for an equal political voice : not until [large] numbers of women had moved out from the shelter of the home to take an independent place in the labour market was women 's claim to a voice in the political market allowed .

It is common for the music group , through its leader or one of its members , to take responsibility for leading a substantial part of the service .
it is common for the music group , through its leader or one of its members , to take responsibility for leading a [large] part of the service .

Chanting can be made immensely complex , with syllables expanded in long neums and a substantial ‘ jubilus ’ element .
chanting can be made immensely complex , with syllables expanded in long neums and a [large] ‘ jubilus ’ element .

In addition , there are perhaps another 200 professional musicians who work for a substantial part of their time in cathedrals , collegiate and choral foundations , and Royal Peculiars .
in addition , there are perhaps another 200 professional musicians who work for a [large] part of their time in cathedrals , collegiate and choral foundations , and royal peculiars .

Several polytechnics and colleges of higher education offer degree courses with a substantial practical element .
several polytechnics and colleges of higher education offer degree courses with a [large] practical element .

There are a substantial number of churches , particularly in either rural or inner-city areas , where there is not even one trained musician .
there are a [large] number of churches , particularly in either rural or inner-city areas , where there is not even one trained musician .

In view of the embargo on the employment of Indian troops to suppress Burmese nationalism , the Acting Supreme Commander South-East Asia informed the Chiefs of Staff that substantial British reinforcements must be despatched from Malaya , weakening the position in that territory whose rubber was much more important to Britain than Burma 's rice : and incidentally delaying the troops ' repatriation and demobilisation , a politically sensitive issue .
in view of the embargo on the employment of indian troops to suppress burmese nationalism , the acting supreme commander south-east asia informed the chiefs of staff that [large] british reinforcements must be despatched from malaya , weakening the position in that territory whose rubber was much more important to britain than burma 's rice : and incidentally delaying the troops ' repatriation and demobilisation , a politically sensitive issue .

The trend towards privatization , or contracting out , not only results in jobs being reclassified from one industrial sector to another , but often to a substantial growth in the numbers of part-time , low-paid positions .
the trend towards privatization , or contracting out , not only results in jobs being reclassified from one industrial sector to another , but often to a [large] growth in the numbers of part-time , low-paid positions .

While the increase in both these benefits is substantial , it is dwarfed by the increase in money spent on means-tested benefits such as supplementary benefit and housing benefit .
while the increase in both these benefits is [large] , it is dwarfed by the increase in money spent on means-tested benefits such as supplementary benefit and housing benefit .

Participation in the black economy may produce substantial short-term gains for the individual concerned , but these gains have to be offset against the ‘ rights of citizenship ’ that go with a complete national insurance contributions record .
participation in the black economy may produce [large] short-term gains for the individual concerned , but these gains have to be offset against the ‘ rights of citizenship ’ that go with a complete national insurance contributions record .

Inheritance therefore benefits those who already possess substantial capital assets .
inheritance therefore benefits those who already possess [large] capital assets .

Since 1980 , the position has been reversed , with the increase in real income of pensioners being accounted for by a substantial real increase in occupational pensions .
since 1980 , the position has been reversed , with the increase in real income of pensioners being accounted for by a [large] real increase in occupational pensions .

Not only does their health become more problematic , but their income drops — at least in the case of those without substantial private means .
not only does their health become more problematic , but their income drops — at least in the case of those without [large] private means .

An immediate objective should be the introduction of a wealth tax , which , combined with other taxes , would initiate a substantial redistribution of wealth .
an immediate objective should be the introduction of a wealth tax , which , combined with other taxes , would initiate a [large] redistribution of wealth .

Given present wage levels , investment and productivity levels , the current demand by some of the left for the implementation of such a target over three years would result in a substantial increase in unemployment ( see Frank Field , The Minimum Wage : Its Prospects and Dangers , Heinemann , London , 1984 ) .
given present wage levels , investment and productivity levels , the current demand by some of the left for the implementation of such a target over three years would result in a [large] increase in unemployment ( see frank field , the minimum wage : its prospects and dangers , heinemann , london , 1984 ) .

The aim is that those young people who opt for early leaving would themselves be substantial gainers .
the aim is that those young people who opt for early leaving would themselves be [large] gainers .

Some companies are so short of staff that they are offering their women workers flexible hours , together with substantial sums to cover their child-minding costs .
some companies are so short of staff that they are offering their women workers flexible hours , together with [large] sums to cover their child-minding costs .

The present pattern of Business Studies degrees , in many respects , reflects the state of thinking of commerce degrees of the late 30s , most of which had disappeared by or soon after 1950 , in favour of a more discipline-oriented approach in which there were substantial new elements , with the appearance of sociology and politics , both of which were to acquire greater prominence .
the present pattern of business studies degrees , in many respects , reflects the state of thinking of commerce degrees of the late 30s , most of which had disappeared by or soon after 1950 , in favour of a more discipline-oriented approach in which there were [large] new elements , with the appearance of sociology and politics , both of which were to acquire greater prominence .

The more general relationship between higher education and the economy is of course extremely complex , but here also there is a substantial literature .
the more general relationship between higher education and the economy is of course extremely complex , but here also there is a [large] literature .

Much depends on whether the employer sees the degree as a screening for general ability , a broad foundation of knowledge and skills for a particular occupation , or as turning out a finished product which he can employ without incurring further substantial training costs .
much depends on whether the employer sees the degree as a screening for general ability , a broad foundation of knowledge and skills for a particular occupation , or as turning out a finished product which he can employ without incurring further [large] training costs .

It is not easy to generalize , because the substantial differences between the various professions or semi-professions translate into differences in professional education .
it is not easy to generalize , because the [large] differences between the various professions or semi-professions translate into differences in professional education .

The most immediate ‘ explanation ’ for such substantial instability in the use of h is that syllable-initial [ h ] was not present , or only variably present , in the speech of the relevant regions .
the most immediate ‘ explanation ’ for such [large] instability in the use of h is that syllable-initial [ h ] was not present , or only variably present , in the speech of the relevant regions .

There is substantial evidence that work groups detect and remedy mistakes much more quickly than designated ‘ inspectors ’ , saving considerable rework and scrappage .
there is [large] evidence that work groups detect and remedy mistakes much more quickly than designated ‘ inspectors ’ , saving considerable rework and scrappage .

The Observer newspaper published a lengthy investigation which claimed that there was substantial discrimination by elite regiments against potential black recruits .
the observer newspaper published a lengthy investigation which claimed that there was [large] discrimination by elite regiments against potential black recruits .

It may be that the nature of the enterprise requires substantial investment in capital , equipment or premises .
it may be that the nature of the enterprise requires [large] investment in capital , equipment or premises .

Substantial capital may usually be raised by means of trading as a company .
[large] capital may usually be raised by means of trading as a company .

Held , allowing the appeal and substituting a period of postponement not to exceed six months ( Sir George Waller dissenting ) , that for the purposes of making an order for sale in favour of a trustee in bankruptcy under s. 30 of the Law of Property Act 1925 no distinction was to be made between a case where a property was being enjoyed as the matrimonial home and one where it had ceased to be so used ; that where a spouse , having a beneficial interest in such property , had become bankrupt , the interests of the creditors would usually prevail over the interests of the other spouse and a sale of the property ordered within a short period ; that only in exceptional circumstances , more than the ordinary consequences of debt and improvidence , could the interests of the other spouse prevail so as to enable an order for sale to be postponed for a substantial period ; and that , accordingly , since the circumstances of the wives and their children , albeit distressing , were not exceptional , the order sought by the trustee should be made .
held , allowing the appeal and substituting a period of postponement not to exceed six months ( sir george waller dissenting ) , that for the purposes of making an order for sale in favour of a trustee in bankruptcy under s. 30 of the law of property act 1925 no distinction was to be made between a case where a property was being enjoyed as the matrimonial home and one where it had ceased to be so used ; that where a spouse , having a beneficial interest in such property , had become bankrupt , the interests of the creditors would usually prevail over the interests of the other spouse and a sale of the property ordered within a short period ; that only in exceptional circumstances , more than the ordinary consequences of debt and improvidence , could the interests of the other spouse prevail so as to enable an order for sale to be postponed for a [large] period ; and that , accordingly , since the circumstances of the wives and their children , albeit distressing , were not exceptional , the order sought by the trustee should be made .

register of substantial individual interests .
register of [large] individual interests .

We can see that , whilst freeholders have substantial rights over the property which they own , these rights are by no means absolute .
we can see that , whilst freeholders have [large] rights over the property which they own , these rights are by no means absolute .

However , hotels , restaurants and other places of entertainment where the substantial proportion of the business consisted of transactions other than the sale of intoxicating liquor came within the 1954 Act .
however , hotels , restaurants and other places of entertainment where the [large] proportion of the business consisted of transactions other than the sale of intoxicating liquor came within the 1954 act .

Following on this , the more general impact of Enlightenment ideas which questioned the legitimacy of the ancien régime allowed goods to begin to play new constitutive roles , which in turn led to a substantial rise in demand .
following on this , the more general impact of enlightenment ideas which questioned the legitimacy of the ancien régime allowed goods to begin to play new constitutive roles , which in turn led to a [large] rise in demand .

( 1983 ) , these changes led to substantial shifts in the nature and pattern of demand in eighteenth-century England prior to the main developments in machine technology .
( 1983 ) , these changes led to [large] shifts in the nature and pattern of demand in eighteenth-century england prior to the main developments in machine technology .

After these relatively brief accounts of a variety of approaches to the study of consumption as a social phenomenon , one particular perspective demands more substantial resumé and analysis .
after these relatively brief accounts of a variety of approaches to the study of consumption as a social phenomenon , one particular perspective demands more [large] resumé and analysis .

Those are periods of structural change and they recur after substantial periods .
those are periods of structural change and they recur after [large] periods .

It seems that , although some substantial and long-standing export industries declined , others expanded their export sales over the post-war period ( although the rise slowed down in the early 1980s ) .
it seems that , although some [large] and long-standing export industries declined , others expanded their export sales over the post-war period ( although the rise slowed down in the early 1980s ) .

The graphs indicate that on these measures there have been substantial changes over the post-war period .
the graphs indicate that on these measures there have been [large] changes over the post-war period .

This was interpreted as indicating the influence of ‘ substantial agglomeration diseconomies ’ together , perhaps , with regional policy controls and planning constraints in the largest industrial centres ( ibid .
this was interpreted as indicating the influence of ‘ [large] agglomeration diseconomies ’ together , perhaps , with regional policy controls and planning constraints in the largest industrial centres ( ibid .

1432 , 1961 ) that : ‘ Regular surveys should be made of public expenditure as a whole , over a period of years ahead , and in relation to prospective resources ; decisions involving substantial future expenditure should be taken in light of these surveys .
1432 , 1961 ) that : ‘ regular surveys should be made of public expenditure as a whole , over a period of years ahead , and in relation to prospective resources ; decisions involving [large] future expenditure should be taken in light of these surveys .

The reliability of the climate scales permits a mean score difference between any two organizations of 0.25 to be considered significant ( provided that the means are based on a substantial sample of individuals ) .
the reliability of the climate scales permits a mean score difference between any two organizations of 0.25 to be considered significant ( provided that the means are based on a [large] sample of individuals ) .

Formal systems and checkpoints guide and drive strategy and operations , but only through substantial informal interaction among employees .
formal systems and checkpoints guide and drive strategy and operations , but only through [large] informal interaction among employees .

Seeking to influence corporate culture , management in our sample companies must invest substantial amounts of time , energy , attention , and conscious effort .
seeking to influence corporate culture , management in our sample companies must invest [large] amounts of time , energy , attention , and conscious effort .

At the larger scale , this involved substantial differences in the basic organization of land use , with the open field system predominant in the ‘ Midlands ’ only ; at the smaller , local scale , there were substantial variations , as illustrated by Thirsk 's ( 1973 ) survey of the East Midlands in the same volume .
at the larger scale , this involved [large] differences in the basic organization of land use , with the open field system predominant in the ‘ midlands ’ only ; at the smaller , local scale , there were [large] variations , as illustrated by thirsk 's ( 1973 ) survey of the east midlands in the same volume .

This is somewhat similar to Olson 's ( 1982 ) argument that the rise and then decline of countries can be linked to their degree of pluralism — an argument which has found little substantial empirical support .
this is somewhat similar to olson 's ( 1982 ) argument that the rise and then decline of countries can be linked to their degree of pluralism — an argument which has found little [large] empirical support .

For example , they associate liberal democracy with the core countries , arguing that such a system is only sustainable over substantial periods in countries which are exploiting the entire world-system , and can ‘ buy-off ’ popular demands from their own residents because of the wealth that is being appropriated from other countries .
for example , they associate liberal democracy with the core countries , arguing that such a system is only sustainable over [large] periods in countries which are exploiting the entire world-system , and can ‘ buy-off ’ popular demands from their own residents because of the wealth that is being appropriated from other countries .

Using factor analysis of data for twenty-one liberal democracies ( with two data sets for France , representing the Fourth and Fifth Republics ) , Lijphart identified three groups on each dimension , giving nine in all : there was at least one liberal democracy in each of the cells ( figure 3.7 ) , indicating the very substantial differences between countries in their detailed operation of this basic political system .
using factor analysis of data for twenty-one liberal democracies ( with two data sets for france , representing the fourth and fifth republics ) , lijphart identified three groups on each dimension , giving nine in all : there was at least one liberal democracy in each of the cells ( figure 3.7 ) , indicating the very [large] differences between countries in their detailed operation of this basic political system .

This chapter draws extensively on a paper jointly written with Michael Griffiths — Griffiths and Johnston ( 1991 ) — and his substantial contribution to development of the ideas in it is fully and gratefully acknowledged .
this chapter draws extensively on a paper jointly written with michael griffiths — griffiths and johnston ( 1991 ) — and his [large] contribution to development of the ideas in it is fully and gratefully acknowledged .

But they were not in Great Britain in 1984 , and adjacent areas with similar relatively isolated mining communities ( notably Nottinghamshire and South Yorkshire ) differed very substantially not only in their support for the strike call but also in their level of industrial militancy over a substantial period of time .
but they were not in great britain in 1984 , and adjacent areas with similar relatively isolated mining communities ( notably nottinghamshire and south yorkshire ) differed very substantially not only in their support for the strike call but also in their level of industrial militancy over a [large] period of time .

In the context of a dispute over the future of pits and communities , the main difference is thus likely to be between those areas with good prospects ( because of high productivity capabilities and substantial quantities of accessible , easily-worked coal ) and those with much less secure futures .
in the context of a dispute over the future of pits and communities , the main difference is thus likely to be between those areas with good prospects ( because of high productivity capabilities and [large] quantities of accessible , easily-worked coal ) and those with much less secure futures .

The large pits sunk then continued to attract substantial investment through the 1970s ( North and Spooner , 1982 ) , by which time plans were well advanced to exploit the even deeper deposits further east ( notably in the Selby area just south of the city of York and in the Vale of Belvoir northwest of Grantham ) , as well as further south in the Coventry area of Warwickshire and in Oxfordshire .
the large pits sunk then continued to attract [large] investment through the 1970s ( north and spooner , 1982 ) , by which time plans were well advanced to exploit the even deeper deposits further east ( notably in the selby area just south of the city of york and in the vale of belvoir northwest of grantham ) , as well as further south in the coventry area of warwickshire and in oxfordshire .

This involved substantial investment to clear the sites , provide rail lines to move the coal , sink shafts ( which took three years , on average ) , provide housing , and recruit miners ( Waller , 1983 , p. 17ff . )
this involved [large] investment to clear the sites , provide rail lines to move the coal , sink shafts ( which took three years , on average ) , provide housing , and recruit miners ( waller , 1983 , p. 17ff . )

Adherents to such faiths are small in number in the United States , and insufficiently substantial to achieve non-ratification because of the direct influence .
adherents to such faiths are small in number in the united states , and insufficiently [large] to achieve non-ratification because of the direct influence .

The generally-accepted explanation for welfare payment levels in the South is that they are , and have been , low because of : the relative poverty of the southern States , which would call for a high fiscal effort if payments equivalent to those made further north were to be offered to the larger number of poor there ; the electoral safety of the Democratic party with regard to the southern State legislatures and governorships , for over a century — sustained by discriminatory practices which prevented many blacks becoming registered voters despite their legal achievement of civil rights ; and the widespread belief among southern whites in the racial inferiority of blacks — who are the main recipients of welfare benefits coupled with the perceived work-disincentive effects of substantial payments and the encouragement to have even larger , and thus more dependent , families than they are believed to provide . But why have these three conditions arisen ?
the generally-accepted explanation for welfare payment levels in the south is that they are , and have been , low because of : the relative poverty of the southern states , which would call for a high fiscal effort if payments equivalent to those made further north were to be offered to the larger number of poor there ; the electoral safety of the democratic party with regard to the southern state legislatures and governorships , for over a century — sustained by discriminatory practices which prevented many blacks becoming registered voters despite their legal achievement of civil rights ; and the widespread belief among southern whites in the racial inferiority of blacks — who are the main recipients of welfare benefits coupled with the perceived work-disincentive effects of [large] payments and the encouragement to have even larger , and thus more dependent , families than they are believed to provide . but why have these three conditions arisen ?

The second map ( figure 5.14 ) shows the geography of the Department of Defense 's spending on salaries ( for civilians and service personnel together ) , and indicates that the great majority of the southern States ( with the exceptions of Louisiana and Arkansas ) were substantial beneficiaries , whereas northeastern States got much less than the national average per capita expenditure in this category .
the second map ( figure 5.14 ) shows the geography of the department of defense 's spending on salaries ( for civilians and service personnel together ) , and indicates that the great majority of the southern states ( with the exceptions of louisiana and arkansas ) were [large] beneficiaries , whereas northeastern states got much less than the national average per capita expenditure in this category .

In every case , the chair of the committee or subcommittee will go to a member of the majority party ; since the chair has very substantial power in directing how the business is conducted , occupancy of committee and subcommittee chairs is among the most significant roles within Congress .
in every case , the chair of the committee or subcommittee will go to a member of the majority party ; since the chair has very [large] power in directing how the business is conducted , occupancy of committee and subcommittee chairs is among the most significant roles within congress .

It has achieved a great deal of support from anecdotal evidence ( see Johnston , 1980 , for example ) , which clearly suggests that Senators and Representatives have been able to channel very substantial volumes of Federal money towards their home States , thereby promoting their political reputations , assisting them in the search for campaign funds , and enhancing their re-election prospects .
it has achieved a great deal of support from anecdotal evidence ( see johnston , 1980 , for example ) , which clearly suggests that senators and representatives have been able to channel very [large] volumes of federal money towards their home states , thereby promoting their political reputations , assisting them in the search for campaign funds , and enhancing their re-election prospects .

The analysis also pursues some of the contrasts between sanctioning and compliance systems of enforcement , using the now substantial literature about the policeman on the street to throw the behaviour of the pollution control field staff into bolder relief .
the analysis also pursues some of the contrasts between sanctioning and compliance systems of enforcement , using the now [large] literature about the policeman on the street to throw the behaviour of the pollution control field staff into bolder relief .

In the other region ( a mixed area containing substantial rural zones ) there are , in addition to the field officers , a number of senior and junior posts .
in the other region ( a mixed area containing [large] rural zones ) there are , in addition to the field officers , a number of senior and junior posts .

In a substantial proportion of cases dischargers normally display little or no objection to the standards imposed by the agency , as a result of preparatory work in negotiations conducted by the field officer together with , in more important cases , his area supervisor .
in a [large] proportion of cases dischargers normally display little or no objection to the standards imposed by the agency , as a result of preparatory work in negotiations conducted by the field officer together with , in more important cases , his area supervisor .

Those very large industries which produce a substantial volume of effluent will also have their consents individually negotiated in recognition of the greater potential impact on the watercourse .
those very large industries which produce a [large] volume of effluent will also have their consents individually negotiated in recognition of the greater potential impact on the watercourse .

For some , working for the water authority was their first job ; few have any substantial prior experience in industry ( 'working on the other side ' ) .
for some , working for the water authority was their first job ; few have any [large] prior experience in industry ( 'working on the other side ' ) .

The field man exerts substantial personal control over the handling and disposal of any case .
the field man exerts [large] personal control over the handling and disposal of any case .

The field officer , after all , has the power to make a discharger spend a substantial sum of money .
the field officer , after all , has the power to make a discharger spend a [large] sum of money .

Even improvements in a number of effluents may not realize a noticeable change in water quality unless they constitute a substantial part of the flow of a watercourse .
even improvements in a number of effluents may not realize a noticeable change in water quality unless they constitute a [large] part of the flow of a watercourse .

Since the field officer is a loner , he controls his output to a substantial degree .
since the field officer is a loner , he controls his output to a [large] degree .

The nature of pollution control work draws attention to these issues because it involves a substantial degree of discretion at field level among staff who are physically dispersed and isolated for most of the day while tending a complex and unpredictable environment .
the nature of pollution control work draws attention to these issues because it involves a [large] degree of discretion at field level among staff who are physically dispersed and isolated for most of the day while tending a complex and unpredictable environment .

As enforcement of water pollution regulations places demands on polluters of time , manpower , and money , one of the basic premises informing routine pollution control work is the assumption that every discharger has a substantial economic incentive to evade enforcement : ‘ Everyone will try to get out of it , or say it was n't them .
as enforcement of water pollution regulations places demands on polluters of time , manpower , and money , one of the basic premises informing routine pollution control work is the assumption that every discharger has a [large] economic incentive to evade enforcement : ‘ everyone will try to get out of it , or say it was n't them .

Pollutions which attract substantial publicity risk impugning the agency 's competence .
pollutions which attract [large] publicity risk impugning the agency 's competence .

’ Other demands on officers ' time tend to impose a pattern on their behaviour which is difficult to break without substantial disruption to their schedule and mobility .
’ other demands on officers ' time tend to impose a pattern on their behaviour which is difficult to break without [large] disruption to their schedule and mobility .

The relationship in 14 is more substantial , and arises out of eternal and ineluctable properties of triangles .
the relationship in 14 is more [large] , and arises out of eternal and ineluctable properties of triangles .

It certainly contains some substantial stonework but the outstanding feature is the cast-iron water trough which carries the canal across the masonry piers .
it certainly contains some [large] stonework but the outstanding feature is the cast-iron water trough which carries the canal across the masonry piers .

Thomas Pennant observed in 1782 that the Grand Junction Canal , between Trent and Mersey , had brought in new building materials : ‘ the cottage , instead of being half covered with miserable thatch , is now covered with a substantial covering of tiles or slates , brought from the distant hills of Wales or Cumberland .
thomas pennant observed in 1782 that the grand junction canal , between trent and mersey , had brought in new building materials : ‘ the cottage , instead of being half covered with miserable thatch , is now covered with a [large] covering of tiles or slates , brought from the distant hills of wales or cumberland .

The average cost basis means that the cost will approximate to the open market charge ( less any profit element ) and therefore must in all circumstances be substantial .
the average cost basis means that the cost will approximate to the open market charge ( less any profit element ) and therefore must in all circumstances be [large] .

By the 1790s such small beginnings had created a substantial seaside trade which included a smattering of working people as visitors by corn hoy to Margate and Ramsgate and Manchester `` manufacturers `` travelling on foot or by cart to the coast at Blackpool .
by the 1790s such small beginnings had created a [large] seaside trade which included a smattering of working people as visitors by corn hoy to margate and ramsgate and manchester `` manufacturers `` travelling on foot or by cart to the coast at blackpool .

Equally serious was the union 's old bugbear of rapid membership turnover in all ports except those without substantial interests in the coasting trade .
equally serious was the union 's old bugbear of rapid membership turnover in all ports except those without [large] interests in the coasting trade .

In total , between 3 June 1911 and the end of that year 270,000 workers concerned with docks and shipping were estimated to have been directly involved in disputes , of which a substantial proportion were seamen .
in total , between 3 june 1911 and the end of that year 270,000 workers concerned with docks and shipping were estimated to have been directly involved in disputes , of which a [large] proportion were seamen .

It had substantial parliamentary support as the deputation of 28th July showed .
it had [large] parliamentary support as the deputation of 28th july showed .

Quite substantial differences are to be observed depending on industrial sector .
quite [large] differences are to be observed depending on industrial sector .

Some two-thirds of all temporary workers regard themselves as having seasonal , temporary or casual jobs and only one third as having fixed contract jobs , but with substantial differences between industries and occupations .
some two-thirds of all temporary workers regard themselves as having seasonal , temporary or casual jobs and only one third as having fixed contract jobs , but with [large] differences between industries and occupations .

In other words , agencies have captured a substantial share of the temporary employment market in these occupations .
in other words , agencies have captured a [large] share of the temporary employment market in these occupations .

Teenagers are also heavily over-represented amongst the temporary labour force ; a substantial number of them are still at school and are working part-time .
teenagers are also heavily over-represented amongst the temporary labour force ; a [large] number of them are still at school and are working part-time .

Because of data limitations we were not able to see whether establishments which experienced ( substantial ) fluctuations in demand for their output were more likely to be greater than average users of temporary workers .
because of data limitations we were not able to see whether establishments which experienced ( [large] ) fluctuations in demand for their output were more likely to be greater than average users of temporary workers .

Only in areas of very high unemployment was there any substantial proportion for whom the ending of temporary jobs was the reason for unemployment ( it was given by nearly 14 per cent of the sample in areas where unemployment was at least twice as high as the national average ) .
only in areas of very high unemployment was there any [large] proportion for whom the ending of temporary jobs was the reason for unemployment ( it was given by nearly 14 per cent of the sample in areas where unemployment was at least twice as high as the national average ) .

To draw unemployment benefit in an off-season a seasonal worker must show he has already had , or can reasonably expect to obtain , a substantial amount of employment during the current off-season — normally at least one quarter of that period .
to draw unemployment benefit in an off-season a seasonal worker must show he has already had , or can reasonably expect to obtain , a [large] amount of employment during the current off-season — normally at least one quarter of that period .

The numerous surveys of ( their own ) `` temps `` conducted by agencies supplying secretarial and office staff ( see , for example , Alfred Marks , 1982 ; Reed , 1986 ; Manpower , 1986 ) , whilst suffering from selectivity bias and/or containing leading questions , show that a substantial proportion of `` temps `` are looking for permanent jobs ; but they also suggest that some of these at least are using their experience of temporary jobs to find out what sort of permanent work they would like .
the numerous surveys of ( their own ) `` temps `` conducted by agencies supplying secretarial and office staff ( see , for example , alfred marks , 1982 ; reed , 1986 ; manpower , 1986 ) , whilst suffering from selectivity bias and/or containing leading questions , show that a [large] proportion of `` temps `` are looking for permanent jobs ; but they also suggest that some of these at least are using their experience of temporary jobs to find out what sort of permanent work they would like .

Although they face daily and substantial fluctuations in demand for their output , they wish to ensure that they do have sufficient staff available to help them satisfy this demand .
although they face daily and [large] fluctuations in demand for their output , they wish to ensure that they do have sufficient staff available to help them satisfy this demand .

Such flexibility of disposition has substantial advantages : it means .
such flexibility of disposition has [large] advantages : it means .

They tend to hold the most highly skilled and responsible positions , such as head waiter or wine butler , and to be found in organisations with a substantial volume of banqueting activities .
they tend to hold the most highly skilled and responsible positions , such as head waiter or wine butler , and to be found in organisations with a [large] volume of banqueting activities .

The engagements most undertake are so short and so intermittent that they would not acquire sufficient service to gain any substantial employment rights .
the engagements most undertake are so short and so intermittent that they would not acquire sufficient service to gain any [large] employment rights .

Students also provide a substantial share of the summer staff taken on by holiday camps , at least for that part of the season which coincides with college vacations .
students also provide a [large] share of the summer staff taken on by holiday camps , at least for that part of the season which coincides with college vacations .

It also suggests that there can be substantial differences between temporary workers and regular workers in terms of their characteristics and attachment to the labour force .
it also suggests that there can be [large] differences between temporary workers and regular workers in terms of their characteristics and attachment to the labour force .

However , in recent years much attention has been given to how manufacturing organizations have been negotiating or imposing its introduction or substantial extension .
however , in recent years much attention has been given to how manufacturing organizations have been negotiating or imposing its introduction or [large] extension .

Subject to some negotiation , the level of any such limits was set by reference to what the organization considered to be its `` core `` level of business , and again there were substantial variations to be observed .
subject to some negotiation , the level of any such limits was set by reference to what the organization considered to be its `` core `` level of business , and again there were [large] variations to be observed .

One organisation , which faced a marked seasonal demand for its output and made substantial hirings once a year , reserved its temporary vacancies for school leavers .
one organisation , which faced a marked seasonal demand for its output and made [large] hirings once a year , reserved its temporary vacancies for school leavers .

There appear to be substantial differences between the `` traditional `` temporary workers employed in seasonal jobs in such sectors as retailing , entertainments and the holiday industry and the `` new `` temporary workers employed in some organisations in the manufacturing sector .
there appear to be [large] differences between the `` traditional `` temporary workers employed in seasonal jobs in such sectors as retailing , entertainments and the holiday industry and the `` new `` temporary workers employed in some organisations in the manufacturing sector .

Short-term contract working in its traditional form has not been a subject of substantial political or academic concern , but questions have been asked as to whether the `` new `` short-term contract working in manufacturing is displacing regular working or undermining the conditions of the regular labour force .
short-term contract working in its traditional form has not been a subject of [large] political or academic concern , but questions have been asked as to whether the `` new `` short-term contract working in manufacturing is displacing regular working or undermining the conditions of the regular labour force .

These will probably range from ephemeral paperbacks to more substantial tomes purchased for your studies at college , as well as others probably given to you as presents on special occasions .
these will probably range from ephemeral paperbacks to more [large] tomes purchased for your studies at college , as well as others probably given to you as presents on special occasions .

‘ The court may grant the application if — ( a ) the debtor appears to have a counterclaim , set-off or cross demand which equals or exceeds the amount of the debt or debts specified in the statutory demand ; or ( b ) the debt is disputed on grounds which appear to the court to be substantial ; or … ( d ) the court is satisfied , on other grounds , that the demand ought to be set aside .
‘ the court may grant the application if — ( a ) the debtor appears to have a counterclaim , set-off or cross demand which equals or exceeds the amount of the debt or debts specified in the statutory demand ; or ( b ) the debt is disputed on grounds which appear to the court to be [large] ; or … ( d ) the court is satisfied , on other grounds , that the demand ought to be set aside .

The Ukrainian Division undoubtedly contained a substantial number of Soviet citizens .
the ukrainian division undoubtedly contained a [large] number of soviet citizens .

The difference between market value and book value of land should be disclosed where it is substantial and the directors think it is of significance to the members .
the difference between market value and book value of land should be disclosed where it is [large] and the directors think it is of significance to the members .

Substantial shareholder
[large] shareholder

Substantial shareholder
[large] shareholder

The difference between the market value and book value of land should be disclosed where it is substantial and the directors think it is of significance to the members .
the difference between the market value and book value of land should be disclosed where it is [large] and the directors think it is of significance to the members .

There is now substantial clinical ( Bocca , Calearo , Cassinari and Migliavacca , 1955 ; Oxbury and Oxbury , 1969 ; Celesia , 1976 ) and experimental ( Rosenzweig , 1951 ; Satz , Levy and Tyson , 1970 ; Majkowski , Bochenek , Bochenek , Knapic-Fijalkowska and Kopec , 1971 ; Andreassi , De Simone , Friend and Grota , 1975 ; Mononen and Seitz , 1977 ) evidence to support the view that the crossed pathways are more important than the uncrossed pathways in transmitting auditory information .
there is now [large] clinical ( bocca , calearo , cassinari and migliavacca , 1955 ; oxbury and oxbury , 1969 ; celesia , 1976 ) and experimental ( rosenzweig , 1951 ; satz , levy and tyson , 1970 ; majkowski , bochenek , bochenek , knapic-fijalkowska and kopec , 1971 ; andreassi , de simone , friend and grota , 1975 ; mononen and seitz , 1977 ) evidence to support the view that the crossed pathways are more important than the uncrossed pathways in transmitting auditory information .

This is a high-fibre , well-balanced diet , but allows substantial quantities of dairy products and bread , which your body may not be able to tolerate .
this is a high-fibre , well-balanced diet , but allows [large] quantities of dairy products and bread , which your body may not be able to tolerate .

The young obese individual who loses weight to normal or near-normal value may have a substantial improvement in life quality and expectancy , and reduction in risk in practically all of the above .
the young obese individual who loses weight to normal or near-normal value may have a [large] improvement in life quality and expectancy , and reduction in risk in practically all of the above .

This and other work lends substantial support to the idea that a tendency to obesity is to a large degree genetic .
this and other work lends [large] support to the idea that a tendency to obesity is to a large degree genetic .

There are of course substantial variations in dietary habits from country to country , and from family to family .
there are of course [large] variations in dietary habits from country to country , and from family to family .

For some individuals , a substantial weight loss or sudden change in diet is inadvisable .
for some individuals , a [large] weight loss or sudden change in diet is inadvisable .

Bulk minerals are needed in substantial amounts as they are used for the formation of the skeleton .
bulk minerals are needed in [large] amounts as they are used for the formation of the skeleton .

To be blunt , a substantial minority of candidates are not fully literate . ``
to be blunt , a [large] minority of candidates are not fully literate . ``

Her Grenadan boyfriend , the baby 's father , lives there too , and gives her a substantial amount of his wages from his clerical job .
her grenadan boyfriend , the baby 's father , lives there too , and gives her a [large] amount of his wages from his clerical job .

Raids were becoming so costly by the mid-eighteenth century that the imperial government began to undertake substantial fortification work along the southern marches which resulted in the erection of a series of connecting fortified lines ( lini ) which stretched from the southern Urals to Kuznetsk .
raids were becoming so costly by the mid-eighteenth century that the imperial government began to undertake [large] fortification work along the southern marches which resulted in the erection of a series of connecting fortified lines ( lini ) which stretched from the southern urals to kuznetsk .

They are , however , capable of doing substantial damage to other corals placed too close to them , even for short periods .
they are , however , capable of doing [large] damage to other corals placed too close to them , even for short periods .

Blagdon do claim that the foam can operate as an effective filter , and certainly theirs is far more substantial than most of the equivalent models .
blagdon do claim that the foam can operate as an effective filter , and certainly theirs is far more [large] than most of the equivalent models .

Recent revelations of substantial miscarriages of justice have drawn attention , not for the first time , to the shortcomings of the criminal trial as a reliable test of guilt .
recent revelations of [large] miscarriages of justice have drawn attention , not for the first time , to the shortcomings of the criminal trial as a reliable test of guilt .

The prizes in fame and funding are substantial and attractive .
the prizes in fame and funding are [large] and attractive .

Given that resources are limited , they would have to be concentrated where the need is most pressing and where the gains are likely to be substantial .
given that resources are limited , they would have to be concentrated where the need is most pressing and where the gains are likely to be [large] .

187 , where the identifying witness was brought to and conducted around the police station where the parade took place by officers involved in the investigation , the Court of Appeal regarded what had occurred as a ‘ substantial breach ’ of the Code , and the subsequent identification of the suspect was admitted in evidence only because there was proof that nothing untoward had in fact been said to the witness by the officers in question .
187 , where the identifying witness was brought to and conducted around the police station where the parade took place by officers involved in the investigation , the court of appeal regarded what had occurred as a ‘ [large] breach ’ of the code , and the subsequent identification of the suspect was admitted in evidence only because there was proof that nothing untoward had in fact been said to the witness by the officers in question .

The defendant at the Crown Court instructs his advisers that he has assets or resources from which substantial compensation can be paid , in the hope of securing some mitigation of the sentence .
the defendant at the crown court instructs his advisers that he has assets or resources from which [large] compensation can be paid , in the hope of securing some mitigation of the sentence .

It would be wrong to treat this case as a decision on the application of section 6. which was clearly not in the court 's contemplation , but it may be permissible to comment that if an offence of this kind is to be held to be sufficiently serious to justify a substantial community service order , the scheme of the Act , with its albeit clumsy attempt to raise the public perception of the severity of community sentences , seems destined to failure .
it would be wrong to treat this case as a decision on the application of section 6. which was clearly not in the court 's contemplation , but it may be permissible to comment that if an offence of this kind is to be held to be sufficiently serious to justify a [large] community service order , the scheme of the act , with its albeit clumsy attempt to raise the public perception of the severity of community sentences , seems destined to failure .

‘ ( 1 ) strict rules of evidence were inherently inappropriate in a court concerned to decide whether there were substantial grounds for believing something , such as a court considering an application under the Bail Act 1976 ; ( 2 ) when considering an opposed application for bail justices were bound to investigate an alleged change of circumstance but where they erred by refusing so to do their subsequent order was not rendered void , although a court with appropriate jurisdiction could interfere to set it aside .
‘ ( 1 ) strict rules of evidence were inherently inappropriate in a court concerned to decide whether there were [large] grounds for believing something , such as a court considering an application under the bail act 1976 ; ( 2 ) when considering an opposed application for bail justices were bound to investigate an alleged change of circumstance but where they erred by refusing so to do their subsequent order was not rendered void , although a court with appropriate jurisdiction could interfere to set it aside .

Substantial damages were paid in recompense .
[large] damages were paid in recompense .

At one point , Hounam asks Murrin : ‘ Is Oyston prepared to pay you over the odds for your services ? ’ He later adds : ‘ If you are trying to set him up … you should go for a fairly substantial sum . ’
at one point , hounam asks murrin : ‘ is oyston prepared to pay you over the odds for your services ? ’ he later adds : ‘ if you are trying to set him up … you should go for a fairly [large] sum . ’

Thus those who have substantial property holdings will receive the highest economic rewards and enjoy superior life chances .
thus those who have [large] property holdings will receive the highest economic rewards and enjoy superior life chances .

They assume that the ruling class is united , that all members of the ruling class own substantial amounts of wealth and that the ruling class is almost all-powerful .
they assume that the ruling class is united , that all members of the ruling class own [large] amounts of wealth and that the ruling class is almost all-powerful .

1'Entrepreneurial ' capitalists are those who have a substantial stake in their own firm .
1'entrepreneurial ' capitalists are those who have a [large] stake in their own firm .

2 ‘ Internal capitalists ’ are senior executives who work for a single firm , but do not have a substantial ownership stake in it .
2 ‘ internal capitalists ’ are senior executives who work for a single firm , but do not have a [large] ownership stake in it .

The time wasted in awaiting recognition of their title puts a substantial block on these young researchers at the most critical point in their career .
the time wasted in awaiting recognition of their title puts a [large] block on these young researchers at the most critical point in their career .

What they omit to mention is that substantial progress is now being made in doing exactly this , the production of master inventories for selected groups .
what they omit to mention is that [large] progress is now being made in doing exactly this , the production of master inventories for selected groups .

But substantial progress is being made and the most important resources of all , expertise and know-how , are now becoming available .
but [large] progress is being made and the most important resources of all , expertise and know-how , are now becoming available .

Hall 's substantial biography is about half the length of Westfall 's and takes account of much of the more recent historical research .
hall 's [large] biography is about half the length of westfall 's and takes account of much of the more recent historical research .

Born Yevonde Cumbers in Streatham Common , London , in 1893 , she had a fairly conventional start to her career , serving an apprenticeship to the society photographer Lallie Charles , but by the early Twenties had build up a substantial portrait practice of her own and was attracting much attention as an eloquent advocate of the cause of women 's photography .
born yevonde cumbers in streatham common , london , in 1893 , she had a fairly conventional start to her career , serving an apprenticeship to the society photographer lallie charles , but by the early twenties had build up a [large] portrait practice of her own and was attracting much attention as an eloquent advocate of the cause of women 's photography .

However , the Secretary of State bears a substantial proportion of the expense for which the governors are responsible : see , for example , section 102 of the Act of 1944 .
however , the secretary of state bears a [large] proportion of the expense for which the governors are responsible : see , for example , section 102 of the act of 1944 .

Substantial proportions were provided by the local authorities and the Department of Industry , and the largest share of all , one-third , was accounted for by private developers ( figure 3.1 ) .
[large] proportions were provided by the local authorities and the department of industry , and the largest share of all , one-third , was accounted for by private developers ( figure 3.1 ) .

However , although its brief is exceedingly broad and its powers substantial , the activities of the Board have been fairly selective , both sectorally and spatially .
however , although its brief is exceedingly broad and its powers [large] , the activities of the board have been fairly selective , both sectorally and spatially .

But there is a second , more local , level at which substantial differences exist in unemployment rates .
but there is a second , more local , level at which [large] differences exist in unemployment rates .

These broad regional variations conceal substantial differences at the sub-regional level , although , again , these can be classified in terms of the more accessible and the less accessible areas .
these broad regional variations conceal [large] differences at the sub-regional level , although , again , these can be classified in terms of the more accessible and the less accessible areas .

Studies of rural migration have largely neglected these factors although Dunn ( 1979 ) has shown that a substantial amount of short-distance movement in rural areas can be attributed to changing housing needs .
studies of rural migration have largely neglected these factors although dunn ( 1979 ) has shown that a [large] amount of short-distance movement in rural areas can be attributed to changing housing needs .

The latter study , analysing population changes between 1951 and 1974 , found that there was substantial and widespread decentralization throughout urban Britain .
the latter study , analysing population changes between 1951 and 1974 , found that there was [large] and widespread decentralization throughout urban britain .

For example , some of the larger key settlements in Devon and Warwickshire have experienced substantial growth while other smaller settlements have lost population ( Cloke 1979 ) .
for example , some of the larger key settlements in devon and warwickshire have experienced [large] growth while other smaller settlements have lost population ( cloke 1979 ) .

There have been substantial population losses in the more industrialized and urbanized regions , including the South East , North and North West , while the largest gains have been in the South West , East Anglia and the East Midlands .
there have been [large] population losses in the more industrialized and urbanized regions , including the south east , north and north west , while the largest gains have been in the south west , east anglia and the east midlands .

For instance , road fund licence charges and petrol prices tend to creep up gradually , whereas decisions in the sphere of public transport can effect substantial changes almost immediately .
for instance , road fund licence charges and petrol prices tend to creep up gradually , whereas decisions in the sphere of public transport can effect [large] changes almost immediately .

However , journeys for information and for social contacts form a substantial part of daily activity for all people , and the telephone could become a substitute for at least some journeys and reduce the need for direct personal contact .
however , journeys for information and for social contacts form a [large] part of daily activity for all people , and the telephone could become a substitute for at least some journeys and reduce the need for direct personal contact .

Furthermore , as many of these zones already contained substantial built-up areas prior to designation , green belts frequently contain a mixture of land uses and rarely form zones of attractive or continuous open landscape ( Thomas 1970 , 1974 ) .
furthermore , as many of these zones already contained [large] built-up areas prior to designation , green belts frequently contain a mixture of land uses and rarely form zones of attractive or continuous open landscape ( thomas 1970 , 1974 ) .

In practice , therefore , a number of substantial developments have been allowed in the parks , often against the wishes of their management boards or committees .
in practice , therefore , a number of [large] developments have been allowed in the parks , often against the wishes of their management boards or committees .

Extra development control powers applied to these areas , and all substantial developments now have to be referred to the Countryside Commission for Scotland .
extra development control powers applied to these areas , and all [large] developments now have to be referred to the countryside commission for scotland .

Substantial investment is envisaged as population is expected to increase .
[large] investment is envisaged as population is expected to increase .

Public sector housing development had followed the guidelines more closely than the private sector , but even so there had been substantial investment in some non-key villages .
public sector housing development had followed the guidelines more closely than the private sector , but even so there had been [large] investment in some non-key villages .

That law would permit such an authority to rely upon presumed injury to its reputation because the defendant , who had accomplished a statement reflecting upon the reputation of the local authority , would have to prove the truth if he sought to justify the publication ; and , if he had commented adversely upon the conduct of the council , he would have to prove the substantial truth of the facts upon which the comment was based .
that law would permit such an authority to rely upon presumed injury to its reputation because the defendant , who had accomplished a statement reflecting upon the reputation of the local authority , would have to prove the truth if he sought to justify the publication ; and , if he had commented adversely upon the conduct of the council , he would have to prove the [large] truth of the facts upon which the comment was based .

To allow a local government authority to sue for libel would , in my judgment , impose a substantial restriction upon freedom of expression .
to allow a local government authority to sue for libel would , in my judgment , impose a [large] restriction upon freedom of expression .

It was a substantial inquiry involving the conduct of eight police officers .
it was a [large] inquiry involving the conduct of eight police officers .

Prejudgments should stand or fall according to whether they pass the statutory test of section 2 ( 2 ) by causing a substantial risk of serious prejudice to the proceedings in question .
prejudgments should stand or fall according to whether they pass the statutory test of section 2 ( 2 ) by causing a [large] risk of serious prejudice to the proceedings in question .

’ In subsequent contempt proceedings the House of Lords was satisfied that the article created a substantial if unintended risk of serious prejudice to Dr. Arthur 's trial .
’ in subsequent contempt proceedings the house of lords was satisfied that the article created a [large] if unintended risk of serious prejudice to dr. arthur 's trial .

If there was a breach , was it significant or substantial ?
if there was a breach , was it significant or [large] ?

In other words the remedial performance is designed to restore a favourable image of the offender as opposed to offering substantial compensation to the offended .
in other words the remedial performance is designed to restore a favourable image of the offender as opposed to offering [large] compensation to the offended .

We have here a substantial body of work stressing — to make the lowest claim — the important links between musical media and the structures of society culture and consciousness .
we have here a [large] body of work stressing — to make the lowest claim — the important links between musical media and the structures of society culture and consciousness .

To start with a relatively easy issue , part of the funds raised could be channelled into public sector investment projects , of which there is presently in Britain a substantial backlog ( e.g .
to start with a relatively easy issue , part of the funds raised could be channelled into public sector investment projects , of which there is presently in britain a [large] backlog ( e.g .

Most investment projects , however , will involve substantial initial costs and will generate sales revenue over an extended period , so the problem arises of comparison of present costs and future prospective revenues .
most investment projects , however , will involve [large] initial costs and will generate sales revenue over an extended period , so the problem arises of comparison of present costs and future prospective revenues .

Second , and more substantial , there is the kind of objection to proposals linked to an Alternative Economic Strategy which has been raised by Cutler et al .
second , and more [large] , there is the kind of objection to proposals linked to an alternative economic strategy which has been raised by cutler et al .

Labour was ‘ out to help the working class ’ ; working people vote Labour ‘ because it 's their party ’ ) , although a quite substantial minority reckoned in terms of opposed class interests ( 39 per cent ) .
labour was ‘ out to help the working class ’ ; working people vote labour ‘ because it 's their party ’ ) , although a quite [large] minority reckoned in terms of opposed class interests ( 39 per cent ) .

Among ‘ middle class ’ Tories on the other hand , a substantial majority ( 65 per cent ) took the fourth view , thinking in terms of ‘ national interest ’ , ‘ competence ’ and so on rather than in class terms .
among ‘ middle class ’ tories on the other hand , a [large] majority ( 65 per cent ) took the fourth view , thinking in terms of ‘ national interest ’ , ‘ competence ’ and so on rather than in class terms .

The marked improvement in the terms of trade for Britain over the early '50s permitted a rise in real wages despite a decline in Britain 's exports , while a substantial inflow of American direct private investment helped to boost capital accumulation .
the marked improvement in the terms of trade for britain over the early '50s permitted a rise in real wages despite a decline in britain 's exports , while a [large] inflow of american direct private investment helped to boost capital accumulation .

It is clear that the Tories enjoyed fairly solid electoral support from the ‘ middle classes ’ , but given the relative numerical strength of the ‘ classes ’ in Britain , this was never enough to win an election , and a substantial minority of the working class provided around half of the Tory vote .
it is clear that the tories enjoyed fairly solid electoral support from the ‘ middle classes ’ , but given the relative numerical strength of the ‘ classes ’ in britain , this was never enough to win an election , and a [large] minority of the working class provided around half of the tory vote .

Despite this electoral success for Labour , the years following the 1966 election showed up starkly the inability of this government to hold together a determined support bloc which could accomplish substantial social and economic changes .
despite this electoral success for labour , the years following the 1966 election showed up starkly the inability of this government to hold together a determined support bloc which could accomplish [large] social and economic changes .

As would be expected from the previous discussion , the main decline in wage-earning employment came in the ( male-dominated ) industrial sector , while the non-industrial wage-earning category , which includes a substantial majority of women , showed a slight increase .
as would be expected from the previous discussion , the main decline in wage-earning employment came in the ( male-dominated ) industrial sector , while the non-industrial wage-earning category , which includes a [large] majority of women , showed a slight increase .

Further , these shifts took place in the context of ( c ) a change in the sexual division of labour as a higher proportion of women took up ( at least part-time ) paid employment : both non-industrial waged employment , and salaried clerical labour are sectors where a substantial majority of employees are women .
further , these shifts took place in the context of ( c ) a change in the sexual division of labour as a higher proportion of women took up ( at least part-time ) paid employment : both non-industrial waged employment , and salaried clerical labour are sectors where a [large] majority of employees are women .

Goldthorpe shows that , contrary to the ‘ closure ’ and ‘ buffer zone ’ theses , there has been a very substantial recruitment of males from manual working class family backgrounds into even the ‘ highest ’ strata of salaried employment .
goldthorpe shows that , contrary to the ‘ closure ’ and ‘ buffer zone ’ theses , there has been a very [large] recruitment of males from manual working class family backgrounds into even the ‘ highest ’ strata of salaried employment .

Equally , however , the substantial de facto mobility out of the manual working class has not dissolved its traditional collectivist propensities , at least so far as trade unionism is concerned .
equally , however , the [large] de facto mobility out of the manual working class has not dissolved its traditional collectivist propensities , at least so far as trade unionism is concerned .

So when unemployment approached one million in early ‘ 72 , following fiscal deflation in earlier budgets , the government went for reflation by means of substantial tax cuts — a course of action which had the full support of most economic commentators including the ‘ Times ’ .
so when unemployment approached one million in early ‘ 72 , following fiscal deflation in earlier budgets , the government went for reflation by means of [large] tax cuts — a course of action which had the full support of most economic commentators including the ‘ times ’ .

In the third and fourth quarters of 1978 the annualised rate of increase of the Retail Prices Index was only 6.8 per cent and real incomes were rising again following the sharp falls of 1976 and 77 ; unemployment , while still very high by post-war standards , was beginning to fall from its peak in 1977 and job vacancies were on the increase ; the balance of payments current account showed a substantial surplus .
in the third and fourth quarters of 1978 the annualised rate of increase of the retail prices index was only 6.8 per cent and real incomes were rising again following the sharp falls of 1976 and 77 ; unemployment , while still very high by post-war standards , was beginning to fall from its peak in 1977 and job vacancies were on the increase ; the balance of payments current account showed a [large] surplus .

The general practice of letting a cortijo as a unit to one substantial tenant created a powerful class , the labradores , who , as tenants-in-chief , controlled all rentable land , letting out only the distant or poorer parts of the estates to the small men — the peletrines .
the general practice of letting a cortijo as a unit to one [large] tenant created a powerful class , the labradores , who , as tenants-in-chief , controlled all rentable land , letting out only the distant or poorer parts of the estates to the small men — the peletrines .

Agricultural prosperity rested on secure tenures that made the substantial farmers feel themselves to be full proprietors .
agricultural prosperity rested on secure tenures that made the [large] farmers feel themselves to be full proprietors .

The profits to be made out of wine in the first half of the century encouraged substantial farmers to let out their outlying fields , landowners and municipalities their hitherto unproductive wastes , on rabassa morta — a lease of land based on the life of the vine and intended to bring bad land into cultivation .
the profits to be made out of wine in the first half of the century encouraged [large] farmers to let out their outlying fields , landowners and municipalities their hitherto unproductive wastes , on rabassa morta — a lease of land based on the life of the vine and intended to bring bad land into cultivation .

Beneath the substantial merchants were a numerous class of artisans , scattered in towns and villages all over Spain .
beneath the [large] merchants were a numerous class of artisans , scattered in towns and villages all over spain .

The poderosos , or powerful ones , are already , in the eighteenth century , a formidable force : local landowners , the substantial tenants of the cortijos , oil millers , corn dealers , the bailiffs of the large estates , small-town lawyers .
the poderosos , or powerful ones , are already , in the eighteenth century , a formidable force : local landowners , the [large] tenants of the cortijos , oil millers , corn dealers , the bailiffs of the large estates , small-town lawyers .

Important as was the consciousness of self-government , the fueros would not have been defended with such obstinacy had they not conferred substantial economic advantages , designed originally to favour poor frontier provinces .
important as was the consciousness of self-government , the fueros would not have been defended with such obstinacy had they not conferred [large] economic advantages , designed originally to favour poor frontier provinces .

It is also true that the Constitution of 1812 went beyond the naïve reformism of liberal priests , lawyers , and local notables who formed the substantial majority of the deputies .
it is also true that the constitution of 1812 went beyond the naïve reformism of liberal priests , lawyers , and local notables who formed the [large] majority of the deputies .

The liberals did little to win colonial opinion ; they restricted the number of American deputies in the new constitution lest American opinion should ‘ swamp ’ the Cortes ; they neglected the protests that the ‘ American ’ deputies already in Cadiz had no claims to represent American opinion ; they refused any substantial concession of freer trade .
the liberals did little to win colonial opinion ; they restricted the number of american deputies in the new constitution lest american opinion should ‘ swamp ’ the cortes ; they neglected the protests that the ‘ american ’ deputies already in cadiz had no claims to represent american opinion ; they refused any [large] concession of freer trade .

This makes it the more interesting that mammoth ivory , well adapted though it was by reason of its strength for tools and weapons , was reserved to a substantial extent for personal ornaments and sculptural representations .
this makes it the more interesting that mammoth ivory , well adapted though it was by reason of its strength for tools and weapons , was reserved to a [large] extent for personal ornaments and sculptural representations .

In the course of history jade has been held in highest esteem among four quite distinct groups of people , the Chinese from the later stone age to modern times , the neolithic inhabitants of substantial parts of temperate Europe , the Maori of New Zealand and in the New World the inhabitants of early Mexico from as far back as Maya times .
in the course of history jade has been held in highest esteem among four quite distinct groups of people , the chinese from the later stone age to modern times , the neolithic inhabitants of [large] parts of temperate europe , the maori of new zealand and in the new world the inhabitants of early mexico from as far back as maya times .

Substantial supplies had to wait on the mining of reefs first found as late as 1880 outcropping on the Tawmaw plateau .
[large] supplies had to wait on the mining of reefs first found as late as 1880 outcropping on the tawmaw plateau .

Tapping the immensely productive Main Reef Group of the Witwatersrand on the other hand could be achieved only by mobilizing substantial capital and the most advanced technology .
tapping the immensely productive main reef group of the witwatersrand on the other hand could be achieved only by mobilizing [large] capital and the most advanced technology .

In similar fashion the expansion of European sovereignty overseas , which as much as anything marked the onset of the modern age , was attended by substantial accessions of gold .
in similar fashion the expansion of european sovereignty overseas , which as much as anything marked the onset of the modern age , was attended by [large] accessions of gold .

Whereas gold was widely accessible in a form suited for immediate use by the smith , native silver , though doubtless exploited by early man when it occurred in nature , was too scarce in the Old World to serve as the basis for any very substantial industry .
whereas gold was widely accessible in a form suited for immediate use by the smith , native silver , though doubtless exploited by early man when it occurred in nature , was too scarce in the old world to serve as the basis for any very [large] industry .

There was no substantial evidence of how he supported himself financially .
there was no [large] evidence of how he supported himself financially .

‘ The court shall not be bound to allow the appeal on the ground merely of misdirection , or of the improper admission or rejection of evidence , unless in the opinion of the court substantial wrong or miscarriage has been thereby occasioned .
‘ the court shall not be bound to allow the appeal on the ground merely of misdirection , or of the improper admission or rejection of evidence , unless in the opinion of the court [large] wrong or miscarriage has been thereby occasioned .

As different strata of the educated public became conscious of belonging to a substantial and articulate body of opinion , ‘ society 's ’ self-confidence grew .
as different strata of the educated public became conscious of belonging to a [large] and articulate body of opinion , ‘ society 's ’ self-confidence grew .

The majority , made up predominantly of Bolsheviks with a substantial bloc of radical SRs , approved the formation of a Bolshevik government , the Council of People 's Commissars .
the majority , made up predominantly of bolsheviks with a [large] bloc of radical srs , approved the formation of a bolshevik government , the council of people 's commissars .

In his famous denunciation of Stalin 's ‘ personality cult ’ in 1956 , Khrushchev positively invited substantial revision of the Stalinist version of October .
in his famous denunciation of stalin 's ‘ personality cult ’ in 1956 , khrushchev positively invited [large] revision of the stalinist version of october .

The result was a substantial rise in yields and an increase in output that outstripped the rise in population .
the result was a [large] rise in yields and an increase in output that outstripped the rise in population .

The substantial rate of progress in agriculture — and the possibility that overall rural living standards rose — suggests that ‘ semi-feudal ’ fetters on peasant enterprise were less significant than Soviet orthodoxy insists .
the [large] rate of progress in agriculture — and the possibility that overall rural living standards rose — suggests that ‘ semi-feudal ’ fetters on peasant enterprise were less significant than soviet orthodoxy insists .

At the same time , continuity and efficiency demanded the appointment in each local committee of officials with specialized tasks — a secretary , a treasurer , and in the more substantial branches , a variety of other officials including a publications officer and chief propagandist .
at the same time , continuity and efficiency demanded the appointment in each local committee of officials with specialized tasks — a secretary , a treasurer , and in the more [large] branches , a variety of other officials including a publications officer and chief propagandist .

Until after the revolution , his power and influence depended above all on his success in articulating the aspirations of a substantial plebeian constituency in Russia .
until after the revolution , his power and influence depended above all on his success in articulating the aspirations of a [large] plebeian constituency in russia .

They sold Le Boursidière in Paris and holdings in Brussels where Samuel Reichmann had first established connections many years ago and deposited substantial funds .
they sold le boursidière in paris and holdings in brussels where samuel reichmann had first established connections many years ago and deposited [large] funds .

The Woolf report represents a substantial advance upon the ‘ orthodox account ’ .
the woolf report represents a [large] advance upon the ‘ orthodox account ’ .

As we hope to make clear ( especially in Chapter 2 , but also throughout the whole of this book ) , the penal system is indeed in our opinion the source of very substantial injustice , and the crisis is unlikely to be solved unless this injustice is mitigated .
as we hope to make clear ( especially in chapter 2 , but also throughout the whole of this book ) , the penal system is indeed in our opinion the source of very [large] injustice , and the crisis is unlikely to be solved unless this injustice is mitigated .

Sometimes extravagant claims are made for the incapacitatory effectiveness of ordinary prison sentences , and it is argued that if prison sentences were longer this could produce a substantial reduction in crime by means of incapacitation .
sometimes extravagant claims are made for the incapacitatory effectiveness of ordinary prison sentences , and it is argued that if prison sentences were longer this could produce a [large] reduction in crime by means of incapacitation .

The court has to be satisfied that there are substantial grounds for believing that , if released on bail , the defendant would fail to appear for trial , would commit an offence while on bail , or would obstruct the course of justice .
the court has to be satisfied that there are [large] grounds for believing that , if released on bail , the defendant would fail to appear for trial , would commit an offence while on bail , or would obstruct the course of justice .

Already by the end of the eighteenth century a substantial educated Slovene middle class had come into existence .
already by the end of the eighteenth century a [large] educated slovene middle class had come into existence .

Surely it was too predictable that Daisy was going to want to elbow him out ; the feelings that existed between the three of them were substantial enough to forbid anything so trite .
surely it was too predictable that daisy was going to want to elbow him out ; the feelings that existed between the three of them were [large] enough to forbid anything so trite .

If the effects of marking to the market are thought to be substantial , these can be reduced by tailing the futures position used in the arbitrage .
if the effects of marking to the market are thought to be [large] , these can be reduced by tailing the futures position used in the arbitrage .

The assumption will normally be met for long positions in shares , but for short positions the potential losses are infinite and , if there has been a substantial rise in the index , a short seller may be required to put up additional funds before delivery .
the assumption will normally be met for long positions in shares , but for short positions the potential losses are infinite and , if there has been a [large] rise in the index , a short seller may be required to put up additional funds before delivery .

For example , index arbitrage will create a substantial increase in uninformed share trading , the holders of shares ( for instance , market makers ) can hedge some of the risk via index futures , and index futures permit the revelation of bad news ( of a general nature ) by adopting a short position .
for example , index arbitrage will create a [large] increase in uninformed share trading , the holders of shares ( for instance , market makers ) can hedge some of the risk via index futures , and index futures permit the revelation of bad news ( of a general nature ) by adopting a short position .

This argues that the volatility of futures prices will be relatively high during periods when substantial amounts of uncertainty over the levels of demand or supply for the underlying asset are resolved .
this argues that the volatility of futures prices will be relatively high during periods when [large] amounts of uncertainty over the levels of demand or supply for the underlying asset are resolved .

And , Mr Davey reminded his audience , it was a substantial and ‘ certain ’ market , worth around £200m a year .
and , mr davey reminded his audience , it was a [large] and ‘ certain ’ market , worth around £200m a year .

It seems unsound , then , to dismiss the rule as a convenient summary of the theory underlying several specific torts which had existed long before 1868 , or even as the old cattle-trespass rule raised to a high power . The substantial advances which it made on the earlier law were two :
it seems unsound , then , to dismiss the rule as a convenient summary of the theory underlying several specific torts which had existed long before 1868 , or even as the old cattle-trespass rule raised to a high power . the [large] advances which it made on the earlier law were two :

Thus Titmuss has argued : ‘ The aims and content of social policy , both in peace and in war , are thus determined — at least to a substantial extent-by how far the co-operation of the masses is essential to the successful prosecution of war .
thus titmuss has argued : ‘ the aims and content of social policy , both in peace and in war , are thus determined — at least to a [large] extent-by how far the co-operation of the masses is essential to the successful prosecution of war .

In the ensuing general election both parties promised substantial social policy reforms , but the electorate swung strongly towards the Labour Party , rejecting the old war leader Churchill in favour of that party 's clearer commitment to a vision of the ‘ welfare state ’ .
in the ensuing general election both parties promised [large] social policy reforms , but the electorate swung strongly towards the labour party , rejecting the old war leader churchill in favour of that party 's clearer commitment to a vision of the ‘ welfare state ’ .

Otherwise , they shifted the house-building emphasis from public to private building but by no means eliminated a substantial public element from their enlarged building programme ; they were marginally more ready to increase health service charges ; and they were , perhaps , rather slow to raise social security benefits .
otherwise , they shifted the house-building emphasis from public to private building but by no means eliminated a [large] public element from their enlarged building programme ; they were marginally more ready to increase health service charges ; and they were , perhaps , rather slow to raise social security benefits .

No substantial changes resulted from this preoccupation .
no [large] changes resulted from this preoccupation .

Many of these have also been authorities with substantial areas of inner-urban deprivation within their boundaries .
many of these have also been authorities with [large] areas of inner-urban deprivation within their boundaries .

However , a substantial proportion of the long-term cases are children who have been taken into care against the wishes of their parents because they have not been receiving adequate care or control .
however , a [large] proportion of the long-term cases are children who have been taken into care against the wishes of their parents because they have not been receiving adequate care or control .

Accordingly , a substantial number of today 's retirement pensioners need to claim assistance and submit to some form of test of need .
accordingly , a [large] number of today 's retirement pensioners need to claim assistance and submit to some form of test of need .

They play a large part in the provision of welfare services , especially in running clubs and recreational activities and helping with the provision of meals , and they make a substantial contribution to the demand for residential care .
they play a large part in the provision of welfare services , especially in running clubs and recreational activities and helping with the provision of meals , and they make a [large] contribution to the demand for residential care .

In 1970 an attendance allowance was introduced , payable to a person in need of substantial care and attention .
in 1970 an attendance allowance was introduced , payable to a person in need of [large] care and attention .

At the same time , substantial numbers of mentally handicapped and mentally ill persons were receiving some attention from the community services .
at the same time , [large] numbers of mentally handicapped and mentally ill persons were receiving some attention from the community services .

As the social services account for a substantial part of public spending , cuts affected a wide range of services .
as the social services account for a [large] part of public spending , cuts affected a wide range of services .

It is particularly noteworthy that outpatient referrals to the surgical specialties increased as outpatient referrals to these specialties are likely to lead to inpatient admissions for elective surgical procedures which could incur a substantial charge on the practice budget .
it is particularly noteworthy that outpatient referrals to the surgical specialties increased as outpatient referrals to these specialties are likely to lead to inpatient admissions for elective surgical procedures which could incur a [large] charge on the practice budget .

Substantial reasons for setting up this service are absent from the Department of Health 's letter announcing it , which refers to ‘ anecdotal evidence ’ and says that ‘ experience suggests that many people would prefer to attend a clinic separate from other services .
[large] reasons for setting up this service are absent from the department of health 's letter announcing it , which refers to ‘ anecdotal evidence ’ and says that ‘ experience suggests that many people would prefer to attend a clinic separate from other services .

There is already substantial evidence to show that the wives of unemployed claimants are less likely to work and more likely to stop working once their husbands are unemployed , than other women .
there is already [large] evidence to show that the wives of unemployed claimants are less likely to work and more likely to stop working once their husbands are unemployed , than other women .

Rowntree 's later study in York ( Rowntree , 1941 ) suggested that the introduction of widow 's benefits had led to a substantial decrease in the extent of poverty among lone mothers .
rowntree 's later study in york ( rowntree , 1941 ) suggested that the introduction of widow 's benefits had led to a [large] decrease in the extent of poverty among lone mothers .

Among those on income support only 22 per cent were receiving any maintenance , which represents a substantial fall since 1979 , when half of lone parents on supplementary benefit were receiving some maintenance .
among those on income support only 22 per cent were receiving any maintenance , which represents a [large] fall since 1979 , when half of lone parents on supplementary benefit were receiving some maintenance .

Maintenance will therefore add to the incomes of those in work , but the existence of different earnings disregards and tapers in the various in-work benefits mean that the impact will be difficult to work out , and could create substantial uncertainty in decision-making .
maintenance will therefore add to the incomes of those in work , but the existence of different earnings disregards and tapers in the various in-work benefits mean that the impact will be difficult to work out , and could create [large] uncertainty in decision-making .

For many women this will cause no problems but for some it might cause very substantial difficulties .
for many women this will cause no problems but for some it might cause very [large] difficulties .

So a week in which the former partner misses his child support payment is likely to cause substantial problems ; likewise the period while benefits are being assessed or re-assessed .
so a week in which the former partner misses his child support payment is likely to cause [large] problems ; likewise the period while benefits are being assessed or re-assessed .

But even if this were possible a substantial number of lone parents ( about 300,000 on current figures ) would continue to be reliant on the state for at least some period while caring for their children .
but even if this were possible a [large] number of lone parents ( about 300,000 on current figures ) would continue to be reliant on the state for at least some period while caring for their children .

This chapter considers the financial consequences of community care policies for those women on whom such policies increasingly depend — the mothers , daughters , wives , sisters , neighbours and friends who are providing a substantial amount of help and support to a disabled or elderly person .
this chapter considers the financial consequences of community care policies for those women on whom such policies increasingly depend — the mothers , daughters , wives , sisters , neighbours and friends who are providing a [large] amount of help and support to a disabled or elderly person .

signifies and requires a substantial redefinition of the traditional relationship between these sectors .
signifies and requires a [large] redefinition of the traditional relationship between these sectors .

Paradoxically , the widespread availability of part-time employment for women may enable them to remain in the labour market , even while providing substantial levels of care , whilst men appear more likely to have to choose between full-time employment and stopping work altogether ( see Green , 1988 , Table 2.9 ; Parker , 1992 ) .
paradoxically , the widespread availability of part-time employment for women may enable them to remain in the labour market , even while providing [large] levels of care , whilst men appear more likely to have to choose between full-time employment and stopping work altogether ( see green , 1988 , table 2.9 ; parker , 1992 ) .

Thus social policy must be critically evaluated not only for its failure to eradicate poverty among older women ( and , to a lesser extent , men ) , but also because it occupies a central role in producing and legitimating both the poverty of a substantial proportion of older people and the marked inequalities between older women and men .
thus social policy must be critically evaluated not only for its failure to eradicate poverty among older women ( and , to a lesser extent , men ) , but also because it occupies a central role in producing and legitimating both the poverty of a [large] proportion of older people and the marked inequalities between older women and men .

Not only were there more of them than of other groups living in poverty or on the margins of poverty ; more had no assets or virtually no assets , and fewer possessed substantial amounts of assets … According to a variety of indicators of economic situation , widowed women were least advantaged .
not only were there more of them than of other groups living in poverty or on the margins of poverty ; more had no assets or virtually no assets , and fewer possessed [large] amounts of assets … according to a variety of indicators of economic situation , widowed women were least advantaged .

This means that the contribution or employment test , which discriminates against substantial numbers of women , should be abandoned .
this means that the contribution or employment test , which discriminates against [large] numbers of women , should be abandoned .

It was difficult for married women to achieve a substantial basic retirement pension record within the state pension scheme and to gain access to an employer 's pension scheme .
it was difficult for married women to achieve a [large] basic retirement pension record within the state pension scheme and to gain access to an employer 's pension scheme .

But as noted , this still leaves a substantial number of women with , over a working lifetime , limited access to occupational pension benefits in their own right .
but as noted , this still leaves a [large] number of women with , over a working lifetime , limited access to occupational pension benefits in their own right .

The Monday afternoon seminar Forward into Europe : Business and Tax Developments , smoothly presented by senior members from accountant Ernst & Young , drew substantial attendance which included literary agents as well as financial managers from publishing houses .
the monday afternoon seminar forward into europe : business and tax developments , smoothly presented by senior members from accountant ernst & young , drew [large] attendance which included literary agents as well as financial managers from publishing houses .

After negotiations between Pavilion 's editorial director Trevor Dolby and Stewart Steven , editor of the Evening Standard , Pavilion has bought the Evening Standard Guide to London Restaurants 1994 , by Fay Maschler , for ‘ a substantial five-figure sum ’ .
after negotiations between pavilion 's editorial director trevor dolby and stewart steven , editor of the evening standard , pavilion has bought the evening standard guide to london restaurants 1994 , by fay maschler , for ‘ a [large] five-figure sum ’ .

These may be of several kinds : point mutations involving protein coding genes or tRNA ( 5–9 ) , or more substantial deletion ( 10–12 ) or duplication type mutations ( 13 ) , localized by most studies in a highly specific single-strand zone during replication ( 14–16 ) .
these may be of several kinds : point mutations involving protein coding genes or trna ( 5–9 ) , or more [large] deletion ( 10–12 ) or duplication type mutations ( 13 ) , localized by most studies in a highly specific single-strand zone during replication ( 14–16 ) .

One of the hypothesis which could be proposed , attributes the lack of modification in mitochondrial genome expression to over expression of the intact genome population , or to a substantial increase in the overall concentration of mitochondrial genomes per nuclear genome ( therefore in the intact mitochondrial genome concentration ) .
one of the hypothesis which could be proposed , attributes the lack of modification in mitochondrial genome expression to over expression of the intact genome population , or to a [large] increase in the overall concentration of mitochondrial genomes per nuclear genome ( therefore in the intact mitochondrial genome concentration ) .

Certainly , if you 're familiar with earlier versions of Paradox or have been benchmarking the competition , Version 4 seems remarkably swift.It 's all down to a substantial rewrite , particularly of the disk caching .
certainly , if you 're familiar with earlier versions of paradox or have been benchmarking the competition , version 4 seems remarkably swift.it 's all down to a [large] rewrite , particularly of the disk caching .

Thomas and Kassab recently reported on the substantial benefits of fluoridation for the dental health of women aged up to 32 years who had lived continuously on Anglesey and who were attending St David 's Maternity Hospital between July 1986 and July 1987 for their confinement .
thomas and kassab recently reported on the [large] benefits of fluoridation for the dental health of women aged up to 32 years who had lived continuously on anglesey and who were attending st david 's maternity hospital between july 1986 and july 1987 for their confinement .

On the positive side , fluoridation continues to provide substantial benefits for the dental health of six million people , many of them living in the west midlands and the north east of England .
on the positive side , fluoridation continues to provide [large] benefits for the dental health of six million people , many of them living in the west midlands and the north east of england .

Experience in the North Western Region , where 18 district health authorities completed consultation in 1988 , and more recently in Strathclyde , Yorkshire , Wessex , and Northern Ireland , clearly shows that health authorities can obtain substantial public and professional support for fluoridation , even though opinion among local authorities remains divided .
experience in the north western region , where 18 district health authorities completed consultation in 1988 , and more recently in strathclyde , yorkshire , wessex , and northern ireland , clearly shows that health authorities can obtain [large] public and professional support for fluoridation , even though opinion among local authorities remains divided .

In some cities a relative plethora of doctors and rapid urbanisation have led to a boom in private medical practice , which now provides a substantial amount of curative care for the inhabitants , including the poor ( p 673 ) .
in some cities a relative plethora of doctors and rapid urbanisation have led to a boom in private medical practice , which now provides a [large] amount of curative care for the inhabitants , including the poor ( p 673 ) .

This has led planners to focus on the substantial private sector already in existence in some countries .
this has led planners to focus on the [large] private sector already in existence in some countries .

Ensuring that private practitioners take on preventive activities and promote healthy behaviour by their patients requires a substantial move away from a strictly market led approach .
ensuring that private practitioners take on preventive activities and promote healthy behaviour by their patients requires a [large] move away from a strictly market led approach .

Clearly , substantial changes are needed rather than tinkering .
clearly , [large] changes are needed rather than tinkering .

’ We aimed to respond to this challenge by showing how significant social trends — which are not captured by conventional social classifications , but which are exacerbating health inequalities — help to account for very substantial differences between population groups in rates of childhood mortality .
’ we aimed to respond to this challenge by showing how significant social trends — which are not captured by conventional social classifications , but which are exacerbating health inequalities — help to account for very [large] differences between population groups in rates of childhood mortality .

’ Bradshaw and Miller 's work has shown that a substantial proportion of single mothers have never been in full time employment .
’ bradshaw and miller 's work has shown that a [large] proportion of single mothers have never been in full time employment .

Substantial progress has been reported in understanding the molecular pathology of presenile Alzheimer 's disease but this can not be extrapolated to senile forms before the epidemiology of presenile disease is known .
[large] progress has been reported in understanding the molecular pathology of presenile alzheimer 's disease but this can not be extrapolated to senile forms before the epidemiology of presenile disease is known .

Thus the impact of an increased risk of coronary heart disease associated with poor dental health could be substantial .
thus the impact of an increased risk of coronary heart disease associated with poor dental health could be [large] .

Insurers also incurred substantial losses .
insurers also incurred [large] losses .

None the less , it is clear both that they are substantial and that they have to be offset against any putative gains in efficiency brought about by the internal market .
none the less , it is clear both that they are [large] and that they have to be offset against any putative gains in efficiency brought about by the internal market .

However , on the basis of the limited data available , and in the areas that have been considered it seems probable that substantial and largely unrecognised costs have been incurred .
however , on the basis of the limited data available , and in the areas that have been considered it seems probable that [large] and largely unrecognised costs have been incurred .

Such a body would have substantial lay membership .
such a body would have [large] lay membership .

They want an ‘ independent ’ review by a body including a substantial proportion of non-medically qualified people .
they want an ‘ independent ’ review by a body including a [large] proportion of non-medically qualified people .

Substantial sections of the three workforces were covered in this way .
[large] sections of the three workforces were covered in this way .

There was a substantial increase in terminal and offshore activity in 1977–8 , reaching unprecedented levels shortly afterwards .
there was a [large] increase in terminal and offshore activity in 1977–8 , reaching unprecedented levels shortly afterwards .

Continuity of care refers both cross sectionally , to a comprehensive range of services for people with long term mental illness , and longitudinally , to emphasise the need for enduring and possibly indefinite care for a substantial proportion of this group .
continuity of care refers both cross sectionally , to a comprehensive range of services for people with long term mental illness , and longitudinally , to emphasise the need for enduring and possibly indefinite care for a [large] proportion of this group .

This increase was accompanied by a substantial rise in the provision of residential and nursing home places by the private and voluntary sectors .
this increase was accompanied by a [large] rise in the provision of residential and nursing home places by the private and voluntary sectors .

Substantial differentials can , however , be observed if comparing the top 20 % of the population with the bottom 20 % on a scale of ‘ occupational prestige .
[large] differentials can , however , be observed if comparing the top 20 % of the population with the bottom 20 % on a scale of ‘ occupational prestige .

From this work , a substantial research report was published in September 1992 on how income and environment affect health , on a scale and depth approaching that of the Black report in Britain .
from this work , a [large] research report was published in september 1992 on how income and environment affect health , on a scale and depth approaching that of the black report in britain .

Among the five substantial trials of treatment of hypertension in elderly people the reduction in stroke was 47 % in the Swedish trial , 42 % in the hypertension in elderly patients study , 37 % in the systolic hypertension in the elderly programme , 36 % in the European working party trial , and 25 % in the Medical Research Council 's trial .
among the five [large] trials of treatment of hypertension in elderly people the reduction in stroke was 47 % in the swedish trial , 42 % in the hypertension in elderly patients study , 37 % in the systolic hypertension in the elderly programme , 36 % in the european working party trial , and 25 % in the medical research council 's trial .

Islands in Loch Ballygrant and Loch Lossit , which still have substantial building remains , can only be reached by boat .
islands in loch ballygrant and loch lossit , which still have [large] building remains , can only be reached by boat .

Studies which look at individual factors , however , often fail to show substantial effects and sometimes do not put the importance of that factor into true perspective .
studies which look at individual factors , however , often fail to show [large] effects and sometimes do not put the importance of that factor into true perspective .

Although realistic estimates of the capital costs to the university for radical restructuring are not available , these are known to be substantial ( perhaps £200m immediately ) , and the implications of all the Tomlinson proposals to the wellbeing of Londoners , to the university , and to the practice of medicine in London must be viewed with great concern .
although realistic estimates of the capital costs to the university for radical restructuring are not available , these are known to be [large] ( perhaps £200m immediately ) , and the implications of all the tomlinson proposals to the wellbeing of londoners , to the university , and to the practice of medicine in london must be viewed with great concern .

This new kind of organisation was formed from about 1820 onwards mainly in towns with a substantial number of deaf and dumb people .
this new kind of organisation was formed from about 1820 onwards mainly in towns with a [large] number of deaf and dumb people .

Practices receiving substantial payments should be expected to employ sufficient ancillary staff — for example , nearer two full time equivalent staff per doctor rather than the one to one ratio so often seen .
practices receiving [large] payments should be expected to employ sufficient ancillary staff — for example , nearer two full time equivalent staff per doctor rather than the one to one ratio so often seen .

This study is the first to provide data on lifestyle from a large sample of adults with cystic fibrosis outside a major clinic : although inevitably influenced by survival effects , the survey shows that a substantial proportion of patients with cystic fibrosis now live fulfilling and productive lives well into adulthood .
this study is the first to provide data on lifestyle from a large sample of adults with cystic fibrosis outside a major clinic : although inevitably influenced by survival effects , the survey shows that a [large] proportion of patients with cystic fibrosis now live fulfilling and productive lives well into adulthood .

Given that they will have their hands on the purse strings , postgraduate deans will be able to insist on substantial improvements in the educational content of senior house officer posts .
given that they will have their hands on the purse strings , postgraduate deans will be able to insist on [large] improvements in the educational content of senior house officer posts .

Perinatal mortality rates by place of delivery , however , showed substantial differences between general practitioner units ( 3.3/1000 ) and consultant units ( 9.4–12.6/1000 ) because of the selective referral of high risk women from general practitioner units to consultant units .
perinatal mortality rates by place of delivery , however , showed [large] differences between general practitioner units ( 3.3/1000 ) and consultant units ( 9.4–12.6/1000 ) because of the selective referral of high risk women from general practitioner units to consultant units .

Substantial changes in the provision of long term care for elderly people have taken place over the past decade .
[large] changes in the provision of long term care for elderly people have taken place over the past decade .

As the starting date for the final and most substantial series of reforms approaches there are still major doubts and fears about the practicality and desirability of the changes .
as the starting date for the final and most [large] series of reforms approaches there are still major doubts and fears about the practicality and desirability of the changes .

The resource implications of such procedures are substantial .
the resource implications of such procedures are [large] .

This ignores the substantial number of additional cases that would arise if screening became widespread .
this ignores the [large] number of additional cases that would arise if screening became widespread .

Even without demolition of walls , it may take only 20–30 years for a masonry building to disappear beneath the ground , but less substantial buildings can disappear even faster .
even without demolition of walls , it may take only 20–30 years for a masonry building to disappear beneath the ground , but less [large] buildings can disappear even faster .

There is thus a substantial shift in the structuring of each urban locality .
there is thus a [large] shift in the structuring of each urban locality .

Definite tendencies can be identified including the decline in full-time male employment ; the steady state of full-time female employment as a proportion of all employment , despite a substantial decline in the total of women employed full-time ; the growth in part-time male employment in services ; and the dramatic growth in part-time female employment in the service sector .
definite tendencies can be identified including the decline in full-time male employment ; the steady state of full-time female employment as a proportion of all employment , despite a [large] decline in the total of women employed full-time ; the growth in part-time male employment in services ; and the dramatic growth in part-time female employment in the service sector .

Will it be seen , with hindsight , that the introduction of the computer into the humanities disciplines has made no more substantial change in the eventual output of research than was made by the introduction of the electric typewriter ?
will it be seen , with hindsight , that the introduction of the computer into the humanities disciplines has made no more [large] change in the eventual output of research than was made by the introduction of the electric typewriter ?

Nevertheless , there remain substantial inequalities in the relative access of women and men to housing because of the fact that men are more likely than women to have an income sufficient to support a mortgage or high rent .
nevertheless , there remain [large] inequalities in the relative access of women and men to housing because of the fact that men are more likely than women to have an income sufficient to support a mortgage or high rent .

At first glance there appears to be substantial equality in the income maintenance payments made to men and women , in that the same rates apply to both , and there are no rules debarring women from access to benefits just because they are women .
at first glance there appears to be [large] equality in the income maintenance payments made to men and women , in that the same rates apply to both , and there are no rules debarring women from access to benefits just because they are women .

However , there has been a substantial diminution in the gap between the educational achievement of girls and boys in recent decades .
however , there has been a [large] diminution in the gap between the educational achievement of girls and boys in recent decades .

There are substantial inequalities between men and women in housing , welfare benefit and health .
there are [large] inequalities between men and women in housing , welfare benefit and health .

There are no substantial differences between the parties , although the Conservatives have usually had a slightly lower proportion than the Labour Party or the Alliance .
there are no [large] differences between the parties , although the conservatives have usually had a slightly lower proportion than the labour party or the alliance .

More recently , it has been estimated that there were some 20,000 black people in Britain in the eighteenth century and , in the nineteenth century , substantial numbers of Irish entered the country , especially following the potato famine of the 1840s .
more recently , it has been estimated that there were some 20,000 black people in britain in the eighteenth century and , in the nineteenth century , [large] numbers of irish entered the country , especially following the potato famine of the 1840s .

If one simply takes age and sex distributions , there are , therefore , substantial differences between various ethnic minorities .
if one simply takes age and sex distributions , there are , therefore , [large] differences between various ethnic minorities .

The results of the actor tests show that there are still substantial levels of discrimination against Asians and West Indians when applying for manual jobs ; that the discrimination is stronger against applicants for non-skilled rather than for skilled jobs ; that it is mainly based on colour prejudice rather than prejudice against foreigners ; and that levels of discrimination against Indians , Pakistanis and West Indians are much the same .
the results of the actor tests show that there are still [large] levels of discrimination against asians and west indians when applying for manual jobs ; that the discrimination is stronger against applicants for non-skilled rather than for skilled jobs ; that it is mainly based on colour prejudice rather than prejudice against foreigners ; and that levels of discrimination against indians , pakistanis and west indians are much the same .

We have already noted that a substantial proportion of old people live alone ; one-third of those over 65 do so and the proportion increases with age .
we have already noted that a [large] proportion of old people live alone ; one-third of those over 65 do so and the proportion increases with age .

We can conclude from this discussion that there is still a substantial and unequal division of labour between men and women in British families ; the symmetrical family is not here yet .
we can conclude from this discussion that there is still a [large] and unequal division of labour between men and women in british families ; the symmetrical family is not here yet .

This does not mean however , that marriage as an institution is less popular , for substantial numbers of divorced people remarry .
this does not mean however , that marriage as an institution is less popular , for [large] numbers of divorced people remarry .

The widespread growth of car ownership enabled people to commute often substantial distances to their places of work .
the widespread growth of car ownership enabled people to commute often [large] distances to their places of work .

Second , there has been a substantial increase in the ownership of agricultural land by large institutions , especially financial institutions from the City of London .
second , there has been a [large] increase in the ownership of agricultural land by large institutions , especially financial institutions from the city of london .

Moreover , even these poor areas do , in fact , contain substantial numbers of moderately affluent people .
moreover , even these poor areas do , in fact , contain [large] numbers of moderately affluent people .

If those objections are substantial , the relevant minister will order an enquiry into the proposals and the objections to them .
if those objections are [large] , the relevant minister will order an enquiry into the proposals and the objections to them .

some other substantial reason justifying dismissal .
some other [large] reason justifying dismissal .

The tribunal is required to determine whether the employer acted reasonably or unreasonably in treating the established reason for dismissal as sufficient reason for dismissing the employee , having regard to equity and the substantial merits of the case and to the size and administrative resources of the employer 's undertaking .
the tribunal is required to determine whether the employer acted reasonably or unreasonably in treating the established reason for dismissal as sufficient reason for dismissing the employee , having regard to equity and the [large] merits of the case and to the size and administrative resources of the employer 's undertaking .

In employment law three rules provide substantial assistance to an employee .
in employment law three rules provide [large] assistance to an employee .

Conveyancing work has become more competitive , but solicitors have not lost substantial amounts of work to the modest number of licensed conveyancers who have set up in practice .
conveyancing work has become more competitive , but solicitors have not lost [large] amounts of work to the modest number of licensed conveyancers who have set up in practice .

Once admitted , the solicitor is required to maintain a practising certificate , for which a substantial annual fee is charged .
once admitted , the solicitor is required to maintain a practising certificate , for which a [large] annual fee is charged .

Suddenly an army of civil servants were to surrender substantial proportions of their remuneration and were forced to seek , at no little expense , dispensations from — and at the discretion of — the pope , not a prospect which they would welcome .
suddenly an army of civil servants were to surrender [large] proportions of their remuneration and were forced to seek , at no little expense , dispensations from — and at the discretion of — the pope , not a prospect which they would welcome .

It is clear here that Chisholm is following the traditional line that all apparent error in beliefs about our sensory states is verbal error , and that verbal error is to be distinguished from substantial error .
it is clear here that chisholm is following the traditional line that all apparent error in beliefs about our sensory states is verbal error , and that verbal error is to be distinguished from [large] error .

We should think of 1 — 3 as formal properties ; beliefs with these properties would stop the regress , but any such formal property needs to be grounded in a more substantial ‘ epistemic ’ property .
we should think of 1 — 3 as formal properties ; beliefs with these properties would stop the regress , but any such formal property needs to be grounded in a more [large] ‘ epistemic ’ property .

Examining these theories from pragmatics will involve us in a substantial digression from our main concern : which is to account for our intuitions of coherence and thus gain insight into the needs of the language learner , who after all aims to be able to produce coherent discourse , not isolated sentences .
examining these theories from pragmatics will involve us in a [large] digression from our main concern : which is to account for our intuitions of coherence and thus gain insight into the needs of the language learner , who after all aims to be able to produce coherent discourse , not isolated sentences .

They need to have genetic material , pollen , transported from one individual plant to another and they are prepared to sacrifice a substantial proportion of it as food to those that will do the job .
they need to have genetic material , pollen , transported from one individual plant to another and they are prepared to sacrifice a [large] proportion of it as food to those that will do the job .

Her head is large with a substantial brain many times bigger than the tiny knot of nerve cells that is all that a worker possesses .
her head is large with a [large] brain many times bigger than the tiny knot of nerve cells that is all that a worker possesses .

The American palm swift also produces a sticky saliva but makes no attempt to gather anything as substantial as twigs .
the american palm swift also produces a sticky saliva but makes no attempt to gather anything as [large] as twigs .

If only there were something substantial to hide behind !
if only there were something [large] to hide behind !

When a famous campaign is changed , it is still possible to carry out research on advertising recall for several years afterwards and find a substantial , sometimes even dominant , proportion of what is recalled being the old campaign .
when a famous campaign is changed , it is still possible to carry out research on advertising recall for several years afterwards and find a [large] , sometimes even dominant , proportion of what is recalled being the old campaign .

The book was bought ‘ for a substantial sum ’ from Spinifex Press in Australia and will be published next autumn .
the book was bought ‘ for a [large] sum ’ from spinifex press in australia and will be published next autumn .

In section 6.5 , we shall see that the choice of one style of description , rather than the other , can have a substantial effect on learning .
in section 6.5 , we shall see that the choice of one style of description , rather than the other , can have a [large] effect on learning .

In practice , finding which operators apply to some node is often a substantial part of the searching process .
in practice , finding which operators apply to some node is often a [large] part of the searching process .

On 10 April 1985 , Stephen John Price pleaded guilty in Sweden to aggravated drug offences relating to the distribution in Sweden of a substantial quantity ( believed to be about 140 kilogrammes ) of cannabis imported from abroad , and was sentenced to imprisonment for seven years .
on 10 april 1985 , stephen john price pleaded guilty in sweden to aggravated drug offences relating to the distribution in sweden of a [large] quantity ( believed to be about 140 kilogrammes ) of cannabis imported from abroad , and was sentenced to imprisonment for seven years .

He says that in this case the father clearly had substantial rights of ‘ access ’ which could only be exercised in Kingston .
he says that in this case the father clearly had [large] rights of ‘ access ’ which could only be exercised in kingston .

Mr. Ashworth helpfully referred us to a substantial number of United States decisions .
mr. ashworth helpfully referred us to a [large] number of united states decisions .

The first defendant , Minories Finance Ltd. , made substantial advances to the plaintiffs .
the first defendant , minories finance ltd. , made [large] advances to the plaintiffs .

In fulfilling this duty the Bank may often be faced with situations where extremely urgent action is required , and where delay could result in losses to , possibly , very substantial numbers of customers of such institutions , embracing both corporate and private customers , whose interests the Act is designed to protect .
in fulfilling this duty the bank may often be faced with situations where extremely urgent action is required , and where delay could result in losses to , possibly , very [large] numbers of customers of such institutions , embracing both corporate and private customers , whose interests the act is designed to protect .

But , where the substantial or only ground for impeaching the instrument is misunderstanding or want of understanding of its contents or effect , the amount of reliance placed by the creditor upon the husband for the purpose of informing his wife of what she was about must be of great importance .
but , where the [large] or only ground for impeaching the instrument is misunderstanding or want of understanding of its contents or effect , the amount of reliance placed by the creditor upon the husband for the purpose of informing his wife of what she was about must be of great importance .

In some circumstances as the cases show , Mr. Lawson referred to them in his skeleton argument , prejudice will be presumed from substantial delay .
in some circumstances as the cases show , mr. lawson referred to them in his skeleton argument , prejudice will be presumed from [large] delay .

He contended that in the absence of a presumption where there is substantial dealy it will be for the prosecution to justify it .
he contended that in the absence of a presumption where there is [large] dealy it will be for the prosecution to justify it .

‘ ( 4 ) Are the answers to questions ( 2 ) and ( 3 ) affected by the fact that the measure in question has been introduced with the object and effect of rendering a number of fishing vessels which immediately prior to the date of such measure coming into effect have been duly registered in and licensed to fish by the member state in question and which are to a substantial extent beneficially owned by nationals of another member state , resident and domiciled in that other member state , ineligible to fly the flag of the first member state with the result that they cease to be eligible to fish against the catch quotas allocated to the first member state under the Common Fisheries Policy unless ownership and management of the vessels are transferred to citizens of the first member state resident and domiciled therein in accordance with the provisions of the said measure ?
‘ ( 4 ) are the answers to questions ( 2 ) and ( 3 ) affected by the fact that the measure in question has been introduced with the object and effect of rendering a number of fishing vessels which immediately prior to the date of such measure coming into effect have been duly registered in and licensed to fish by the member state in question and which are to a [large] extent beneficially owned by nationals of another member state , resident and domiciled in that other member state , ineligible to fly the flag of the first member state with the result that they cease to be eligible to fish against the catch quotas allocated to the first member state under the common fisheries policy unless ownership and management of the vessels are transferred to citizens of the first member state resident and domiciled therein in accordance with the provisions of the said measure ?

Since that traditional concept of domicile turned out to be unworkable for the purposes of the Brussels Convention on Jurisdiction and the Enforcement of Judgments in Civil and Commercial Matters 1968 , the Civil Jurisdiction and Enforcement of Foreign Judgments Act 1982 , which incorporated the Brussels Convention into English law , contained a new definition of ‘ domicile ’ involving in effect residence in a country with which the person concerned had a substantial connection .
since that traditional concept of domicile turned out to be unworkable for the purposes of the brussels convention on jurisdiction and the enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters 1968 , the civil jurisdiction and enforcement of foreign judgments act 1982 , which incorporated the brussels convention into english law , contained a new definition of ‘ domicile ’ involving in effect residence in a country with which the person concerned had a [large] connection .

‘ ( 4 ) Are the answers to questions ( 2 ) and ( 3 ) affected by the fact that the measure in question has been introduced with the object and effect of rendering a number of fishing vessels which immediately prior to the date of such measure coming into effect have been duly registered in and licensed to fish by the member state in question and which are to a substantial extent beneficially owned by nationals of another member state , resident and domiciled in that other member state , ineligible to fly the flag of the first member state with the result that they cease to be eligible to fish against the catch quotas allocated to the first member state under the Common Fisheries Policy unless ownership and management of the vessels are transferred to citizens of the first member state resident and domiciled therein in accordance with the provisions of the said measure ?
‘ ( 4 ) are the answers to questions ( 2 ) and ( 3 ) affected by the fact that the measure in question has been introduced with the object and effect of rendering a number of fishing vessels which immediately prior to the date of such measure coming into effect have been duly registered in and licensed to fish by the member state in question and which are to a [large] extent beneficially owned by nationals of another member state , resident and domiciled in that other member state , ineligible to fly the flag of the first member state with the result that they cease to be eligible to fish against the catch quotas allocated to the first member state under the common fisheries policy unless ownership and management of the vessels are transferred to citizens of the first member state resident and domiciled therein in accordance with the provisions of the said measure ?

In addition , of course , there is a substantial sum of money at stake .
in addition , of course , there is a [large] sum of money at stake .

Jamaica — Crime — Evidence — Prosecution evidence — Statements to police by prosecution witnesses — Evidence of two prosecution witnesses based on statements rather than depositions — Whether duty to supply statements before trial — Discrepancies between witnesses ' evidence and statements — Whether non-disclosure of statements material irregularity — Whether substantial miscarriage of justice — Judicature ( Appellate Jurisdiction ) Act , s. 14(1)
jamaica — crime — evidence — prosecution evidence — statements to police by prosecution witnesses — evidence of two prosecution witnesses based on statements rather than depositions — whether duty to supply statements before trial — discrepancies between witnesses ' evidence and statements — whether non-disclosure of statements material irregularity — whether [large] miscarriage of justice — judicature ( appellate jurisdiction ) act , s. 14(1)

For it will set aside a conviction whenever it appears unjust or unsafe to allow the verdict to stand because some failure has occurred in observing the conditions which , in the court 's view , are essential to a satisfactory trial , or because there is some feature of the case raising a substantial possibility that , either in the conclusion itself , or in the manner in which it has been reached , the jury may have been mistaken or misled .
for it will set aside a conviction whenever it appears unjust or unsafe to allow the verdict to stand because some failure has occurred in observing the conditions which , in the court 's view , are essential to a satisfactory trial , or because there is some feature of the case raising a [large] possibility that , either in the conclusion itself , or in the manner in which it has been reached , the jury may have been mistaken or misled .

‘ No insolvency proceedings shall be invalidated by any formal defect or by any irregularity , unless the court before which objection is made considers that substantial injustice has been caused by the defect or irregularity , and that the injustice can not be remedied by any order of the court .
‘ no insolvency proceedings shall be invalidated by any formal defect or by any irregularity , unless the court before which objection is made considers that [large] injustice has been caused by the defect or irregularity , and that the injustice can not be remedied by any order of the court .

Under a similar provision in the Bankruptcy Act 1914 it had been held that a defect in a bankruptcy notice of a kind such as could reasonably mislead the debtor was not a mere formal defect or irregularity within the meaning of that provision , and therefore rendered the notice a nullity even though it was not calculated to cause substantial injustice .
under a similar provision in the bankruptcy act 1914 it had been held that a defect in a bankruptcy notice of a kind such as could reasonably mislead the debtor was not a mere formal defect or irregularity within the meaning of that provision , and therefore rendered the notice a nullity even though it was not calculated to cause [large] injustice .

The court may set aside the demand if the debtor appears to have a counterclaim , set-off or cross claim equalling or exceeding the debt demanded , the debt is disputed on grounds which appear to the court to be substantial , the creditor appears to hold some security for the debt of sufficient value , or the court is satisfied on other grounds that the demand ought to be set aside .
the court may set aside the demand if the debtor appears to have a counterclaim , set-off or cross claim equalling or exceeding the debt demanded , the debt is disputed on grounds which appear to the court to be [large] , the creditor appears to hold some security for the debt of sufficient value , or the court is satisfied on other grounds that the demand ought to be set aside .

Wide side decks and a long run of substantial grabrail on each side of the coachroof allow a secure passage to and from the foredeck . There is a handy boarding gate in the lifelines on each side at the point of maximum beam
wide side decks and a long run of [large] grabrail on each side of the coachroof allow a secure passage to and from the foredeck . there is a handy boarding gate in the lifelines on each side at the point of maximum beam

Stout lifelines are fitted and there are very substantial bow , quarter and spring cleats .
stout lifelines are fitted and there are very [large] bow , quarter and spring cleats .

Access from the cockpit to the saloon is across a substantial bridgedeck then down the companion .
access from the cockpit to the saloon is across a [large] bridgedeck then down the companion .

In fact , looking back at the affair , the only thing which stood out unequivocal and substantial was my great whitebound digit which had hovered constantly over the scene , almost taking on a personality and significance of its own .
in fact , looking back at the affair , the only thing which stood out unequivocal and [large] was my great whitebound digit which had hovered constantly over the scene , almost taking on a personality and significance of its own .

Never before had he been subjected to such a plethora of opinions — often form people with whom he had no real relationship , many of whom , bore him and his family substantial grudges . ``
never before had he been subjected to such a plethora of opinions — often form people with whom he had no real relationship , many of whom , bore him and his family [large] grudges . ``

The British officer in charge of the British troops in Iran at the end of 1920 was Major-General |Sir Edmund Ironside , a substantial figure .
the british officer in charge of the british troops in iran at the end of 1920 was major-general |sir edmund ironside , a [large] figure .

The British already had substantial intelligence `` assets `` in Teheran .
the british already had [large] intelligence `` assets `` in teheran .

Since the mid-seventies the Shah had extended substantial financial aid to Egypt .
since the mid-seventies the shah had extended [large] financial aid to egypt .

Israel in fact obtained de facto recognition from Iran by paying a substantial bribe to the then Iranian prime minister , Muhammad Saed .
israel in fact obtained de facto recognition from iran by paying a [large] bribe to the then iranian prime minister , muhammad saed .

They did substantial planning and then they took the idea to the Shah .
they did [large] planning and then they took the idea to the shah .

Some of the growth looked old but the trees themselves were not very substantial .
some of the growth looked old but the trees themselves were not very [large] .

There was a through-way running the length of this wood but it looked more like a path than a substantial track .
there was a through-way running the length of this wood but it looked more like a path than a [large] track .

Hannah Hauxwell 's somewhat late introduction to the benefits of modern civilization , such as water that arrived at the turn of a tap , central heating , shops just a few yards away , even a telephone ( the number is ex-directory or it would never stop ) , clearly created a revolution in her life Her financial situation also improved dramatically with a tidy amount left from the sale of Low Birk Hatt to invest , and substantial sums from the royalties of her best-selling book .
hannah hauxwell 's somewhat late introduction to the benefits of modern civilization , such as water that arrived at the turn of a tap , central heating , shops just a few yards away , even a telephone ( the number is ex-directory or it would never stop ) , clearly created a revolution in her life her financial situation also improved dramatically with a tidy amount left from the sale of low birk hatt to invest , and [large] sums from the royalties of her best-selling book .

It was thought likely that some substantial Teesdale farmer might buy all three , ranch the land and sell off the house as a weekend cottage — a regrettably common practice which has been partially responsible for the steady depopulation of the Dales , particularly the more isolated places .
it was thought likely that some [large] teesdale farmer might buy all three , ranch the land and sell off the house as a weekend cottage — a regrettably common practice which has been partially responsible for the steady depopulation of the dales , particularly the more isolated places .

That , with what would certainly be substantial assets and income from other sources , combined with whatever part of the Saunderson fortune was brought into the marriage by Olive , allowed the Fields to indulge in a stylish and lavish way of life .
that , with what would certainly be [large] assets and income from other sources , combined with whatever part of the saunderson fortune was brought into the marriage by olive , allowed the fields to indulge in a stylish and lavish way of life .

The Arts Council gave a substantial grant to this scheme as it felt that it emphasised artists ‘ opportunities and practice , rather than the institution and its curatorial staff .
the arts council gave a [large] grant to this scheme as it felt that it emphasised artists ‘ opportunities and practice , rather than the institution and its curatorial staff .

If you scatter seed on the ground you will build up a substantial clientele of birds such as chaffinches which do not readily come to hanging food and birdtables .
if you scatter seed on the ground you will build up a [large] clientele of birds such as chaffinches which do not readily come to hanging food and birdtables .

It is not primarily a mental disease because thought processes return to being perfectly intact in those who are in substantial recovery through the Anonymous Fellowships .
it is not primarily a mental disease because thought processes return to being perfectly intact in those who are in [large] recovery through the anonymous fellowships .

But there the analysis ends : there is no clear parallel to the apparent inability of some sufferers to get into substantial recovery , if at all , and there is nothing to correspond to the process of relapse even when , on the face of it , all recommendations are being followed .
but there the analysis ends : there is no clear parallel to the apparent inability of some sufferers to get into [large] recovery , if at all , and there is nothing to correspond to the process of relapse even when , on the face of it , all recommendations are being followed .

They never surrender but try to remain `` in control `` of their addiction before ever getting into substantial recovery .
they never surrender but try to remain `` in control `` of their addiction before ever getting into [large] recovery .

( 2 ) An interest although not pecuniary may also disqualify , but the interest in that case must be substantial .
( 2 ) an interest although not pecuniary may also disqualify , but the interest in that case must be [large] .

the licensing board may impose such conditions as it thinks fit including a condition as to the type of alcoholic liquor which may be sold under the licence , and an occasional licence granted to the holder of a restricted hotel licence or a restaurant licence shall be subject to a condition that the sale of alcoholic liquor under the authority of the licence shall be ancillary to the provision of substantial refreshment .
the licensing board may impose such conditions as it thinks fit including a condition as to the type of alcoholic liquor which may be sold under the licence , and an occasional licence granted to the holder of a restricted hotel licence or a restaurant licence shall be subject to a condition that the sale of alcoholic liquor under the authority of the licence shall be ancillary to the provision of [large] refreshment .

( 1 ) This section shall apply to any premises for which a licence ( other than an off-sale licence ) is held or to the premises of a registered club : ( a ) if the holder of the licence or , as the case may be , the club gives notice of the application of the section to the premises in accordance with subsection ( 6 ) below , and ( b ) as from such date as may be specified in the said notice : Provided that , in the case of premises for which a public house or a hotel licence is held or the premises of a club , the licence-holder or the club , as the case may be , shall not give notice of application as aforesaid and this section shall not apply to such premises , unless the licensing board for the area within which the premises are situated is satisfied that the premises are structurally adapted and bona ride used , or intended to be used , for the purpose of habitually providing , for the accommodation of persons frequenting the premises , substantial refreshment to which the sale and supply of alcoholic liquor is ancillary .
( 1 ) this section shall apply to any premises for which a licence ( other than an off-sale licence ) is held or to the premises of a registered club : ( a ) if the holder of the licence or , as the case may be , the club gives notice of the application of the section to the premises in accordance with subsection ( 6 ) below , and ( b ) as from such date as may be specified in the said notice : provided that , in the case of premises for which a public house or a hotel licence is held or the premises of a club , the licence-holder or the club , as the case may be , shall not give notice of application as aforesaid and this section shall not apply to such premises , unless the licensing board for the area within which the premises are situated is satisfied that the premises are structurally adapted and bona ride used , or intended to be used , for the purpose of habitually providing , for the accommodation of persons frequenting the premises , [large] refreshment to which the sale and supply of alcoholic liquor is ancillary .

( 7 ) The secretary of any club to the premises of which this section applies shall notify the licensing board for the area within which such premises are situated of any reconstruction or extension of , or alteration In , the premises which affects the facilities available in the premises for the provision of substantial refreshment , and if the secretary of any club contravenes this subsection he shall be guilty of an offence .
( 7 ) the secretary of any club to the premises of which this section applies shall notify the licensing board for the area within which such premises are situated of any reconstruction or extension of , or alteration in , the premises which affects the facilities available in the premises for the provision of [large] refreshment , and if the secretary of any club contravenes this subsection he shall be guilty of an offence .

In the case of such an extension , the premises have to be adapted and used for providing substantial refreshment to which the sale and supply of liquor is ancillary ( subs .
in the case of such an extension , the premises have to be adapted and used for providing [large] refreshment to which the sale and supply of liquor is ancillary ( subs .

That meant a substantial breakfast , followed by a word with Posi to confirm that everything was on course and on line .
that meant a [large] breakfast , followed by a word with posi to confirm that everything was on course and on line .

In this chapter we shall identify two periods of decisive constitutional change since the eighteenth century , and in Chapter 4 we will deal with the substantial pressures for change with respect to the contemporary constitution .
in this chapter we shall identify two periods of decisive constitutional change since the eighteenth century , and in chapter 4 we will deal with the [large] pressures for change with respect to the contemporary constitution .

At its worst it may have been a parasitic racket representing only itself to the detriment of all , but on the larger canvas of society it gave political power to a narrow group of substantial landowners in loose alliance with merchant princes and the small towns which returned members to Parliament .
at its worst it may have been a parasitic racket representing only itself to the detriment of all , but on the larger canvas of society it gave political power to a narrow group of [large] landowners in loose alliance with merchant princes and the small towns which returned members to parliament .

During the early sixties Butler and Stokes argue that social services was an issue that satisfied the three conditions ; its effect was `` substantial `` ; and it `` worked strongly to Labour 's advantage `` — although their evidence for all of this was weak .
during the early sixties butler and stokes argue that social services was an issue that satisfied the three conditions ; its effect was `` [large] `` ; and it `` worked strongly to labour 's advantage `` — although their evidence for all of this was weak .

However , if that election had been fought under some system of proportional representation then the Conservatives would have had a majority over Labour but would have been in a very substantial overall minority since the Liberals and Social Democrats would have held 160 or so seats .
however , if that election had been fought under some system of proportional representation then the conservatives would have had a majority over labour but would have been in a very [large] overall minority since the liberals and social democrats would have held 160 or so seats .

What will be the effect on other manufacturers who will have to commit substantial funds to developing new engines , or to buy-in new engines from other makers ( so losing control over a major item of added value in their profit creation process )
what will be the effect on other manufacturers who will have to commit [large] funds to developing new engines , or to buy-in new engines from other makers ( so losing control over a major item of added value in their profit creation process )

Such markets present suppliers and marketers with substantial problems .
such markets present suppliers and marketers with [large] problems .

Purchase decisions may need substantial information flows , whilst a well organised enterprise will also keep up-to-date on the main trends , developments and events involving the companies from which it buys its inputs .
purchase decisions may need [large] information flows , whilst a well organised enterprise will also keep up-to-date on the main trends , developments and events involving the companies from which it buys its inputs .

The mass producer ( who may be production , quality or sales orientated ) may attempt to supply all , or a substantial part of this total demand , and in so doing may consider that he can obtain a price , volume or distribution advantage relative to smaller scale producers .
the mass producer ( who may be production , quality or sales orientated ) may attempt to supply all , or a [large] part of this total demand , and in so doing may consider that he can obtain a price , volume or distribution advantage relative to smaller scale producers .

Sure , you should buy the original albums , but for a substantial taster then this will set you back fewer readies than all ten Zeppelin LPs .
sure , you should buy the original albums , but for a [large] taster then this will set you back fewer readies than all ten zeppelin lps .

It seems common sense to say that if the Minister transfers the pension rights of existing employees of the Scottish Transport Group to the new privatised subsidiaries he will , by definition , sign away the substantial benefits that the employees enjoy under the existing scheme .
it seems common sense to say that if the minister transfers the pension rights of existing employees of the scottish transport group to the new privatised subsidiaries he will , by definition , sign away the [large] benefits that the employees enjoy under the existing scheme .

We know that at least one of the companies that is to be sold off a large company covering a substantial geographical area of Scotland — has two initiatives going ahead .
we know that at least one of the companies that is to be sold off a large company covering a [large] geographical area of scotland — has two initiatives going ahead .

More than one bid would probably be counter-productive because of the substantial danger that neither of the two bids would succeed .
more than one bid would probably be counter-productive because of the [large] danger that neither of the two bids would succeed .

Although it may not seem much to people who are used to talking in millions , it will be a substantial risk for the individuals involved .
although it may not seem much to people who are used to talking in millions , it will be a [large] risk for the individuals involved .

The more substantial that share ownership , the more voice employees will have in the running of their company and over issues such as change of ownership .
the more [large] that share ownership , the more voice employees will have in the running of their company and over issues such as change of ownership .

The best course is surely to encourage bids with substantial employee participation which will ensure that employees have a say in the operations of their company in the long term .
the best course is surely to encourage bids with [large] employee participation which will ensure that employees have a say in the operations of their company in the long term .

It is Roger 's belief that the cause of a substantial amount of disruptive behaviour is due to the size and impersonal nature of many schools .
it is roger 's belief that the cause of a [large] amount of disruptive behaviour is due to the size and impersonal nature of many schools .

If the McKinsey-GE matrix is to be similarly interpreted as a guide to the movement of the group 's interests through time , one must assume that a substantial amount of investment must take place in the bottom left-hand corner of the grid in order to build future ‘ stars ’ .
if the mckinsey-ge matrix is to be similarly interpreted as a guide to the movement of the group 's interests through time , one must assume that a [large] amount of investment must take place in the bottom left-hand corner of the grid in order to build future ‘ stars ’ .

Laura Ashley bought substantial amounts of tweed from Cambrian Mill and although they paid the regular price , the company drew upon its charity budget to subsidize this at the rate of a pound per metre .
laura ashley bought [large] amounts of tweed from cambrian mill and although they paid the regular price , the company drew upon its charity budget to subsidize this at the rate of a pound per metre .

After a few moments , Mrs Sweet returned with a bottle , poured two substantial gins , added tonic and proffered a glass .
after a few moments , mrs sweet returned with a bottle , poured two [large] gins , added tonic and proffered a glass .

Still quite a substantial amount , but only a tiny part of the whole .
still quite a [large] amount , but only a tiny part of the whole .

The thought of substantial compensation did n't comfort Charles much .
the thought of [large] compensation did n't comfort charles much .

‘ That 's a substantial pay-off . ’
‘ that 's a [large] pay-off . ’

( However , the episode was not without profit , since the film company had paid very substantial compensation for his ‘ accident ’ . )
( however , the episode was not without profit , since the film company had paid very [large] compensation for his ‘ accident ’ . )

He gave four reasons for deciding in favour of a binary system : the demand for vocational , professional and industrial based courses required a separate sector with a separate tradition and outlook ; a ladder system with the universities at the head would inevitably depress and degrade morale and standards in the non-university sector ; there was a need for a substantial part of the higher education system to be under social control and directly responsible to social needs ; and , lastly , no other country in the western world downgraded its non-university professional and technical sector .
he gave four reasons for deciding in favour of a binary system : the demand for vocational , professional and industrial based courses required a separate sector with a separate tradition and outlook ; a ladder system with the universities at the head would inevitably depress and degrade morale and standards in the non-university sector ; there was a need for a [large] part of the higher education system to be under social control and directly responsible to social needs ; and , lastly , no other country in the western world downgraded its non-university professional and technical sector .

For institutions offering a substantial programme of advanced work , it would be possible to submit estimates of expenditure through the local authorities for a programme of work three to five years ahead .
for institutions offering a [large] programme of advanced work , it would be possible to submit estimates of expenditure through the local authorities for a programme of work three to five years ahead .

However , in the past few years , there has been a trend for the BEd degree courses to be regarded as the main vehicle for training primary school teachers , with would-be secondary school teachers undertaking the one-year Post-Graduate Certificate in Education course , which is also offered in a substantial number of public sector colleges .
however , in the past few years , there has been a trend for the bed degree courses to be regarded as the main vehicle for training primary school teachers , with would-be secondary school teachers undertaking the one-year post-graduate certificate in education course , which is also offered in a [large] number of public sector colleges .

As far as their size is concerned , the 1966 White Paper envisaged that they would average about 2,000 full-time students each , together with a substantial number of part-time and occasional students .
as far as their size is concerned , the 1966 white paper envisaged that they would average about 2,000 full-time students each , together with a [large] number of part-time and occasional students .

As one would expect , a substantial change in the pattern of further education establishments in Wales took place in the 1970s , particularly in respect of the provision of higher education .
as one would expect , a [large] change in the pattern of further education establishments in wales took place in the 1970s , particularly in respect of the provision of higher education .

As we have seen , the response in England has been substantial ; in Wales , on the other hand , there has been very little reaction to the reports and teacher training for further education in the Principality is generally less well developed than in England .
as we have seen , the response in england has been [large] ; in wales , on the other hand , there has been very little reaction to the reports and teacher training for further education in the principality is generally less well developed than in england .

To meet these needs , a three-stage pattern was anticipated : a first or induction stage , providing a brief initiation into basic teaching skills , which all part-time teachers would be expected to undertake ; a second stage involving more advanced training in pedagogical skills , which the majority would be encouraged to complete ; and a third stage , for those anticipating more substantial service , which would lead to the award of a Certificate in Education .
to meet these needs , a three-stage pattern was anticipated : a first or induction stage , providing a brief initiation into basic teaching skills , which all part-time teachers would be expected to undertake ; a second stage involving more advanced training in pedagogical skills , which the majority would be encouraged to complete ; and a third stage , for those anticipating more [large] service , which would lead to the award of a certificate in education .

Earlier , in Council , he had gone out of his way to assure Li Shai Tung of his support , even pre-empting Wei Feng 's offer of help by giving Li Shai Tung a substantial amount of grain from his own reserves .
earlier , in council , he had gone out of his way to assure li shai tung of his support , even pre-empting wei feng 's offer of help by giving li shai tung a [large] amount of grain from his own reserves .

For through the seemingly substantial chest of his great-great-grandfather he could glimpse the hazed , refracted image of the Ywe Lung , the great wheel of dragons broken by the planes of his ancestor 's body .
for through the seemingly [large] chest of his great-great-grandfather he could glimpse the hazed , refracted image of the ywe lung , the great wheel of dragons broken by the planes of his ancestor 's body .

In particular , the gradual decline of the small private family business and the growing importance of jobs for men as managers in large companies , in government and in the professions wrought substantial changes in the position of many middle class women within the family .
in particular , the gradual decline of the small private family business and the growing importance of jobs for men as managers in large companies , in government and in the professions wrought [large] changes in the position of many middle class women within the family .

Despite the fear that they would prove sentimental and spendthrift , women were inclined to favour the strict administration of outdoor relief , although they sought substantial improvements in matters such as diet and the provision of clean sheets and underclothing inside the workhouse .
despite the fear that they would prove sentimental and spendthrift , women were inclined to favour the strict administration of outdoor relief , although they sought [large] improvements in matters such as diet and the provision of clean sheets and underclothing inside the workhouse .

It may well be best , as Wade suggests , that this limb be confined to the challenge of directory provisions , allowing a court to quash an order if non-compliance with such provisions has caused substantial prejudice to the applicant .
it may well be best , as wade suggests , that this limb be confined to the challenge of directory provisions , allowing a court to quash an order if non-compliance with such provisions has caused [large] prejudice to the applicant .

Substantial savings on salaries due to fewer staff required
[large] savings on salaries due to fewer staff required

Substantial savings on overheads due to reduction in office space required as disk storage replaces filing cabinets etc
[large] savings on overheads due to reduction in office space required as disk storage replaces filing cabinets etc

Although a substantial part of the emissions of sulphur dioxide is deposited near their sources , a significant proportion is dispersed further afield .
although a [large] part of the emissions of sulphur dioxide is deposited near their sources , a significant proportion is dispersed further afield .

( 1983 ) reveal that of those European Air Chemistry Network stations showing a significant trend of increasing annual average precipitation acidity , this was primarily due to an increased number of intermittent high-acidity episodes rather than a substantial increase in general precipitation acidity .
( 1983 ) reveal that of those european air chemistry network stations showing a significant trend of increasing annual average precipitation acidity , this was primarily due to an increased number of intermittent high-acidity episodes rather than a [large] increase in general precipitation acidity .

Subsequently , it was shown that many European countries suffer substantial damage to their forests through the effects of air pollution ( figure 4.17 ; table 4.2 ) .
subsequently , it was shown that many european countries suffer [large] damage to their forests through the effects of air pollution ( figure 4.17 ; table 4.2 ) .

The contribution by human technological developments is relatively small at present but concern arises because radiation from human sources is ever increasing and because humanity has the potential , through accidental releases of radioactivity from nuclear reactors and through nuclear explosions , of creating substantial increases in local , regional and global levels of radioactivity .
the contribution by human technological developments is relatively small at present but concern arises because radiation from human sources is ever increasing and because humanity has the potential , through accidental releases of radioactivity from nuclear reactors and through nuclear explosions , of creating [large] increases in local , regional and global levels of radioactivity .

Diagnostic radiology is growing at a rate of between 5 and 15 per cent per year in many technically developed countries which , together with the rapid growth rate expected in developing countries , will lead to substantial increases in the global dose commitment in the future .
diagnostic radiology is growing at a rate of between 5 and 15 per cent per year in many technically developed countries which , together with the rapid growth rate expected in developing countries , will lead to [large] increases in the global dose commitment in the future .

Whether or not the testing of nuclear weapons in the early 1960s caused a significant decrease in stratospheric ozone may remain controversial , but it is generally agreed by researchers that a future large-scale nuclear exchange with detonations totalling 5000–10,000 million tonnes would lead to substantial depletion of stratospheric ozone .
whether or not the testing of nuclear weapons in the early 1960s caused a significant decrease in stratospheric ozone may remain controversial , but it is generally agreed by researchers that a future large-scale nuclear exchange with detonations totalling 5000–10,000 million tonnes would lead to [large] depletion of stratospheric ozone .

Oceanic plankton currently absorb substantial quantities of carbon dioxide but their destruction would lead to more carbon dioxide remaining in the atmosphere , so worsening the greenhouse effect .
oceanic plankton currently absorb [large] quantities of carbon dioxide but their destruction would lead to more carbon dioxide remaining in the atmosphere , so worsening the greenhouse effect .

Areas where substantial industrial growth will be allowed and where the increase in concentrations of pollutants up to federal standards will be insignificant .
areas where [large] industrial growth will be allowed and where the increase in concentrations of pollutants up to federal standards will be insignificant .

The parcel was substantial , tightly wrapped in brown paper , crisscrossed by waxed brown twine with many knots .
the parcel was [large] , tightly wrapped in brown paper , crisscrossed by waxed brown twine with many knots .

The principle seems to be that those people exercising substantial responsibility in local government should be paid accordingly .
the principle seems to be that those people exercising [large] responsibility in local government should be paid accordingly .

There is , furthermore , substantial empirical evidence of variations in local policy outputs .
there is , furthermore , [large] empirical evidence of variations in local policy outputs .

Thus as the sale of council houses in the early 1980s produced sizeable capital receipts , and led to substantial capital ‘ overspending ’ , the proportion which could be used to supplement capital receipts was reduced ( standing at 20 per cent by 1987 ) .
thus as the sale of council houses in the early 1980s produced sizeable capital receipts , and led to [large] capital ‘ overspending ’ , the proportion which could be used to supplement capital receipts was reduced ( standing at 20 per cent by 1987 ) .

’ and ‘ Whose support would be necessary for a major project to get substantial community backing ?
’ and ‘ whose support would be necessary for a major project to get [large] community backing ?

None of these approaches suggest that group politics is without substantial defects .
none of these approaches suggest that group politics is without [large] defects .

It is tautological if all that is being said is that where there is no industrial capitalism , there are no industrial capitalists , and vice versa ; and it is fallacious if it is intended as a substantial proposition meaning that the limited growth in some Third World economies is due to the absence of innovators , intermediaries , risk-takers and the like .
it is tautological if all that is being said is that where there is no industrial capitalism , there are no industrial capitalists , and vice versa ; and it is fallacious if it is intended as a [large] proposition meaning that the limited growth in some third world economies is due to the absence of innovators , intermediaries , risk-takers and the like .

Consequently government could grow without encountering any substantial opposition from those whose taxes would pay for this growth As Heclo states :
consequently government could grow without encountering any [large] opposition from those whose taxes would pay for this growth as heclo states :

Shumskiy ( 1957 ) defines antarctic oases as substantial ice-free areas separated from an ice-sheet by an ablation zone , and kept free from snow by ablation due to low albedo and radiation .
shumskiy ( 1957 ) defines antarctic oases as [large] ice-free areas separated from an ice-sheet by an ablation zone , and kept free from snow by ablation due to low albedo and radiation .

Few on mainland Antarctica gain substantial nutrients from the soils of their catchment , except around the coast where birds and seals become important agents of eutrophication ( Goldman , 1970 ) .
few on mainland antarctica gain [large] nutrients from the soils of their catchment , except around the coast where birds and seals become important agents of eutrophication ( goldman , 1970 ) .

Blanche and Dexter knew Mills had recovered from his deep financial difficulties the year before and the accountant had at last discovered how : substantial payments had been paid into Mills ' Swiss bank account in the months leading up to his death .
blanche and dexter knew mills had recovered from his deep financial difficulties the year before and the accountant had at last discovered how : [large] payments had been paid into mills ' swiss bank account in the months leading up to his death .

Second , there needs to be a substantial shift in primary education from judgements of quality based on visual cues to one based on engagement with what and how children learn .
second , there needs to be a [large] shift in primary education from judgements of quality based on visual cues to one based on engagement with what and how children learn .

Any minority group is likely to include a substantial number of people who feel the need of … help and reassurance , … and many members of ethnic minorities suffer an additional persistent burden of racial discrimination which may well cause them to wonder what hope they could ever have of a fair hearing from a representative of the culture which treats them in this way … Yet of course each of the schools in which the assistants work has pupils of many different ethnic origins , and in practice no single head has expressed any other intention than that assistants should work with families from all parts of the local community .
any minority group is likely to include a [large] number of people who feel the need of … help and reassurance , … and many members of ethnic minorities suffer an additional persistent burden of racial discrimination which may well cause them to wonder what hope they could ever have of a fair hearing from a representative of the culture which treats them in this way … yet of course each of the schools in which the assistants work has pupils of many different ethnic origins , and in practice no single head has expressed any other intention than that assistants should work with families from all parts of the local community .

Once the enhancement is one full-time teacher or more , then a whole range of managerial roles and strategies becomes available because it is possible to combine full-time class responsibility — which many heads see as vital to the integrity and continuity of children 's education — with substantial cross-school management , development and support .
once the enhancement is one full-time teacher or more , then a whole range of managerial roles and strategies becomes available because it is possible to combine full-time class responsibility — which many heads see as vital to the integrity and continuity of children 's education — with [large] cross-school management , development and support .

Finally , though the rest of the curriculum was allocated well under 100 teacher-days during the first three years , there was a substantial rise during the fourth year .
finally , though the rest of the curriculum was allocated well under 100 teacher-days during the first three years , there was a [large] rise during the fourth year .

The four aims of the Primary Needs Programme were appropriately focused — on children 's needs , teaching strategies , the curriculum and links between school and home — but they were too generalized to provide a secure base-line for a substantial programme of financial investment and structural change .
the four aims of the primary needs programme were appropriately focused — on children 's needs , teaching strategies , the curriculum and links between school and home — but they were too generalized to provide a secure base-line for a [large] programme of financial investment and structural change .

Without such dialogue , and the associated openness in management and decision-making , there could be a substantial gap between a school 's espoused philosophy and its classroom practice .
without such dialogue , and the associated openness in management and decision-making , there could be a [large] gap between a school 's espoused philosophy and its classroom practice .

In the period broadly spanning the years 1948 to 1975 , central governments of both parties gradually extended local authorities ' social service powers , or encouraged them to use to the full powers they had already been given — achieving secondary education for all , creating a national pattern of further education , developing services for the elderly , sustaining a substantial housing programme .
in the period broadly spanning the years 1948 to 1975 , central governments of both parties gradually extended local authorities ' social service powers , or encouraged them to use to the full powers they had already been given — achieving secondary education for all , creating a national pattern of further education , developing services for the elderly , sustaining a [large] housing programme .

One is an area protection grant which gives extra to areas that suffered a substantial reduction in income from the business rate .
one is an area protection grant which gives extra to areas that suffered a [large] reduction in income from the business rate .

Proper local accountability requires a substantial source of revenue , and freedom to spend that revenue or reduce it .
proper local accountability requires a [large] source of revenue , and freedom to spend that revenue or reduce it .

In the short run this could mean a property tax with substantial rebates for poor households .
in the short run this could mean a property tax with [large] rebates for poor households .

It is not sufficiently appreciated that the American private medical system is buttressed by government spending on a very substantial scale in precisely those areas where private medical insurance has gaps : Medicare ( for the elderly ) , Medicaid ( for the poor ) , veterans ' benefits ( often chronic health problems ) and maternity and child welfare .
it is not sufficiently appreciated that the american private medical system is buttressed by government spending on a very [large] scale in precisely those areas where private medical insurance has gaps : medicare ( for the elderly ) , medicaid ( for the poor ) , veterans ' benefits ( often chronic health problems ) and maternity and child welfare .

Brandy was poured immediately , and ‘ On a side-board was placed for us , who had come off the sea , a substantial dinner , and a variety of wines .
brandy was poured immediately , and ‘ on a side-board was placed for us , who had come off the sea , a [large] dinner , and a variety of wines .

The local clergyman called , and two further Macleods , Claggan and Bay , ‘ two substantial gentlemen of the clan ’ , stayed to lunch of venison and wine .
the local clergyman called , and two further macleods , claggan and bay , ‘ two [large] gentlemen of the clan ’ , stayed to lunch of venison and wine .

It is noteworthy that the two figures who made the most substantial contribution during this period to the formulation of a Marxist-based model which was more directly relevant to Latin American reality both came from Peru , where the above features were particularly accentuated and where , therefore , the Comintern prescription seemed least appropriate .
it is noteworthy that the two figures who made the most [large] contribution during this period to the formulation of a marxist-based model which was more directly relevant to latin american reality both came from peru , where the above features were particularly accentuated and where , therefore , the comintern prescription seemed least appropriate .

This led the Chilean Communist party to lose substantial support by its opposition to the short-lived Socialist Republic declared by Colonel Marmaduke Grove in June 1932 .
this led the chilean communist party to lose [large] support by its opposition to the short-lived socialist republic declared by colonel marmaduke grove in june 1932 .

Well over two decades of failure to mount any effective challenge to the established order led to their being seen for what they fundamentally were : bureaucratic ‘ enclaves ’ of the international workers ' movement with little substantial contribution to make to the debate on Latin American development .
well over two decades of failure to mount any effective challenge to the established order led to their being seen for what they fundamentally were : bureaucratic ‘ enclaves ’ of the international workers ' movement with little [large] contribution to make to the debate on latin american development .

It was not until 1962 , when the Organisation of American States resolved that Cuba had voluntarily placed itself outside the inter-American system , that Castro — finding a temperamental and ideological disposition backed up by pressing security considerations — switched his energies to the export of revolution on a more substantial level .
it was not until 1962 , when the organisation of american states resolved that cuba had voluntarily placed itself outside the inter-american system , that castro — finding a temperamental and ideological disposition backed up by pressing security considerations — switched his energies to the export of revolution on a more [large] level .

( Though there are substantial deviations from this profile which we shall refer to below . )
( though there are [large] deviations from this profile which we shall refer to below . )

It all began when God instructed Jonah to go and preach against Nineveh , a place which , despite God 's substantial record of annihilating wicked cities , was still — obstinately , unaccountably — a wicked city .
it all began when god instructed jonah to go and preach against nineveh , a place which , despite god 's [large] record of annihilating wicked cities , was still — obstinately , unaccountably — a wicked city .

Our earliest substantial source of knowledge about Flaubert is Maxime du Camp 's Souvenirs littéraires ( Hachette , Paris , 1882–3 , 2 vols ) : gossipy , vain , self-justifying and unreliable , yet historically essential .
our earliest [large] source of knowledge about flaubert is maxime du camp 's souvenirs littéraires ( hachette , paris , 1882–3 , 2 vols ) : gossipy , vain , self-justifying and unreliable , yet historically essential .

Nicola 's house was one of a block of three modern ones squeezed into a gap in a row of substantial Victorian villas .
nicola 's house was one of a block of three modern ones squeezed into a gap in a row of [large] victorian villas .

Fully enclosed rear garden , laid to lawn with double gated rear access , separate pedestrian side access , substantial brick built workshop .
fully enclosed rear garden , laid to lawn with double gated rear access , separate pedestrian side access , [large] brick built workshop .

Having coat hooks , electric light and providing substantial storage space .
having coat hooks , electric light and providing [large] storage space .

It will be an official European event with Order of Merit status and will have a substantial increase in prize-money over the Hong Kong event .
it will be an official european event with order of merit status and will have a [large] increase in prize-money over the hong kong event .

Caroline 's comment : Commercial baby foods make up a substantial part of the average baby 's diet and they are very convenient .
caroline 's comment : commercial baby foods make up a [large] part of the average baby 's diet and they are very convenient .

The consortium approach is a particularly cost-effective means of undertaking this project as each Consortium member benefits from a substantial body of work for a fraction of the cost .
the consortium approach is a particularly cost-effective means of undertaking this project as each consortium member benefits from a [large] body of work for a fraction of the cost .

There is a substantial body of legal precedent in support of this doctrine , the most well known of which is probably the Gray 's Inn Construction case .
there is a [large] body of legal precedent in support of this doctrine , the most well known of which is probably the gray 's inn construction case .

‘ From our own research and from extensive press coverage , it seems that there is a very substantial gulf between banks and their business customers .
‘ from our own research and from extensive press coverage , it seems that there is a very [large] gulf between banks and their business customers .

This has yielded substantial modelling possibilities which is now approaching the stage where virtually all of the guesswork has been taken out of credit marketing .
this has yielded [large] modelling possibilities which is now approaching the stage where virtually all of the guesswork has been taken out of credit marketing .

‘ The adverse trend in our diet since the war is only now being reversed , and it will require substantial changes in the food chain if healthy goals are to be met .
‘ the adverse trend in our diet since the war is only now being reversed , and it will require [large] changes in the food chain if healthy goals are to be met .

The government plans to establish twenty City Technology Colleges with private industry footing a substantial proportion of the bill and being involved in college policy-making .
the government plans to establish twenty city technology colleges with private industry footing a [large] proportion of the bill and being involved in college policy-making .

Eleven months later the new Secretary of State said that he was equally committed to a very substantial expansion in student numbers , and stated that the government 's plans were for an increase of 50,000 by 1993 .
eleven months later the new secretary of state said that he was equally committed to a very [large] expansion in student numbers , and stated that the government 's plans were for an increase of 50,000 by 1993 .

In addition , both of the teaching unions in higher education have substantial pay claims awaiting settlement .
in addition , both of the teaching unions in higher education have [large] pay claims awaiting settlement .

Local authorities had the power to build houses for sale and to sell houses originally built for renting before 1980 , but the proportion of dwellings sold was relatively slight until the Conservative government of 1970–4 presided over a substantial upsurge in sales .
local authorities had the power to build houses for sale and to sell houses originally built for renting before 1980 , but the proportion of dwellings sold was relatively slight until the conservative government of 1970–4 presided over a [large] upsurge in sales .

The community charge will entail massive increases in the bills to be paid by inner city residents or a substantial reduction in services .
the community charge will entail massive increases in the bills to be paid by inner city residents or a [large] reduction in services .

There is little evidence that the government is willing to commit funds in quantities designed to bring about substantial improvements of this kind .
there is little evidence that the government is willing to commit funds in quantities designed to bring about [large] improvements of this kind .

By ignoring a substantial body of research produced in the 1970s and 1980s , the report presents … a misleading picture of the tasks facing the statutory sector .
by ignoring a [large] body of research produced in the 1970s and 1980s , the report presents … a misleading picture of the tasks facing the statutory sector .

Families and people needing care in the community may , of course , receive support from friends and neighbours , and the government 's proposals also anticipate a substantial contribution from this source .
families and people needing care in the community may , of course , receive support from friends and neighbours , and the government 's proposals also anticipate a [large] contribution from this source .

If substantial public funds are to be made over to voluntary associations then , as Griffiths intimates , some form of audit ‘ becomes essential : and this raises the question of the independence of voluntary organisations , which is said to be one of their great virtues .
if [large] public funds are to be made over to voluntary associations then , as griffiths intimates , some form of audit ‘ becomes essential : and this raises the question of the independence of voluntary organisations , which is said to be one of their great virtues .

The evidence to support this conclusion is substantial and convincing .
the evidence to support this conclusion is [large] and convincing .

All of these areas showing substantial growth lie south of a line drawn from the Wash to the Severn .
all of these areas showing [large] growth lie south of a line drawn from the wash to the severn .

Although this is still far too many it represents a substantial improvement .
although this is still far too many it represents a [large] improvement .

Figures relating to female unemployment are unreliable and there is substantial under-recording .
figures relating to female unemployment are unreliable and there is [large] under-recording .

The new law states that pregnancies ca n't be terminated after 24 weeks unless the mother 's life is at risk or there 's a substantial chance the baby will be seriously handicapped .
the new law states that pregnancies ca n't be terminated after 24 weeks unless the mother 's life is at risk or there 's a [large] chance the baby will be seriously handicapped .

Small-scale improvements can often be paid for out of savings , but if you are spending more substantial amounts , it might be better to borrow the money and keep your savings for regular maintenance work .
small-scale improvements can often be paid for out of savings , but if you are spending more [large] amounts , it might be better to borrow the money and keep your savings for regular maintenance work .

The head must be substantial enough not to bend easily and should be about 30cm wide .
the head must be [large] enough not to bend easily and should be about 30cm wide .

There have been , as we have said , a few most generous exceptions : the Canoe Camping Club in particular have promised a substantial part of their fund but individual canoeists have been slow to respond .
there have been , as we have said , a few most generous exceptions : the canoe camping club in particular have promised a [large] part of their fund but individual canoeists have been slow to respond .

Two nearby tavernas serve more substantial meals .
two nearby tavernas serve more [large] meals .

Just at the moment when the establishment figures on both sides of the Atlantic were talking about substantial cuts in military spending , when the role of the hawkish political leaders was being eclipsed , when the United States seemed to be floating away from its international role , and new self-confident Europe seemed to be on the verge of creation , Iraq invaded Kuwait .
just at the moment when the establishment figures on both sides of the atlantic were talking about [large] cuts in military spending , when the role of the hawkish political leaders was being eclipsed , when the united states seemed to be floating away from its international role , and new self-confident europe seemed to be on the verge of creation , iraq invaded kuwait .

The inconsistencies in public opinion point to the existence of a substantial section of opinion characterised by a cynicism almost as profound at that which lurks beneath the celestial rhetoric of George Bush .
the inconsistencies in public opinion point to the existence of a [large] section of opinion characterised by a cynicism almost as profound at that which lurks beneath the celestial rhetoric of george bush .

Last year , Trade Indemnity announced substantial losses which required it to have a rights issue which all bar the Prudential took up .
last year , trade indemnity announced [large] losses which required it to have a rights issue which all bar the prudential took up .

Even that substantial source of income , admission fees to properties , is shrinking in relative terms as more and more people become members of the Trust and gain free entry .
even that [large] source of income , admission fees to properties , is shrinking in relative terms as more and more people become members of the trust and gain free entry .

Designed in a substantial , out-of- doors style the dial can be dressed up with diamonds at your request .
designed in a [large] , out-of- doors style the dial can be dressed up with diamonds at your request .

They took with them packed lunches , jewellery , silver penknives , enamelled badges , Art Nouveau watches , substantial amounts of silver and gold coinage — not to mention the fascinating tools and equipment carried in their bulging rucksacks and bicycle bags .
they took with them packed lunches , jewellery , silver penknives , enamelled badges , art nouveau watches , [large] amounts of silver and gold coinage — not to mention the fascinating tools and equipment carried in their bulging rucksacks and bicycle bags .

The inner is a fairly thick substantial nylon and the flysheet is made from pu proofed nylon .
the inner is a fairly thick [large] nylon and the flysheet is made from pu proofed nylon .

The successful seizure of royal power by Wulfhere reflected a substantial change in the situation .
the successful seizure of royal power by wulfhere reflected a [large] change in the situation .

There would seem to have been , therefore , some important and substantial developments within Northumbria during Ceolwulf 's reign .
there would seem to have been , therefore , some important and [large] developments within northumbria during ceolwulf 's reign .

This can be seen in the revival ( at an unknown date ) of a substantial regal silver coinage in Northumbria together with an archiepiscopal coinage combining Eadberht 's name with that of his brother , Archbishop Ecgberht , which has been described as ‘ ahead of its age ’ in its fineness .
this can be seen in the revival ( at an unknown date ) of a [large] regal silver coinage in northumbria together with an archiepiscopal coinage combining eadberht 's name with that of his brother , archbishop ecgberht , which has been described as ‘ ahead of its age ’ in its fineness .

Alongside these changes in age structure , and partly related to them , have been some substantial changes in the way in which people group themselves into households .
alongside these changes in age structure , and partly related to them , have been some [large] changes in the way in which people group themselves into households .

Any change in the size and structure of households in a particular place or for the nation as a whole will have substantial implications for housing requirements and land-use planning .
any change in the size and structure of households in a particular place or for the nation as a whole will have [large] implications for housing requirements and land-use planning .

At the same time , levels of residential mobility have tended to increase in gross terms , giving the potential for more rapid and substantial net changes in population distribution .
at the same time , levels of residential mobility have tended to increase in gross terms , giving the potential for more rapid and [large] net changes in population distribution .

Finally , because it tends to be selective in terms of the types of people involved , migration also has the power to produce substantial and rapid changes in the population composition of individual places .
finally , because it tends to be selective in terms of the types of people involved , migration also has the power to produce [large] and rapid changes in the population composition of individual places .

Moreover , a substantial proportion of the council housing built on low-density suburban estates in the inter-war period has now been incorporated into the owner-occupied sector and no longer provides a route for lower-income households wanting to move into the suburbs .
moreover , a [large] proportion of the council housing built on low-density suburban estates in the inter-war period has now been incorporated into the owner-occupied sector and no longer provides a route for lower-income households wanting to move into the suburbs .

The growing hegemony of state medicine written into the new regulations bore witness to a substantial shift in the balance of forces within the sanitary movement .
the growing hegemony of state medicine written into the new regulations bore witness to a [large] shift in the balance of forces within the sanitary movement .

Students are clearly not expected to be able to question the linguistic judgments of commentators from a position of substantial technical expertise .
students are clearly not expected to be able to question the linguistic judgments of commentators from a position of [large] technical expertise .

It is possible that a substantial increase in demand for teacher education on language could develop in the next few years .
it is possible that a [large] increase in demand for teacher education on language could develop in the next few years .

Since ‘ talk ’ forms a substantial part of a primary schoolchild 's life the teachers ' classrooms need to reflect an understanding of the role of language in learning situations and also the role of language in social situations .
since ‘ talk ’ forms a [large] part of a primary schoolchild 's life the teachers ' classrooms need to reflect an understanding of the role of language in learning situations and also the role of language in social situations .

foreign language training occupied a substantial share of the overall training budget ( between 20% and 65% ) ;
foreign language training occupied a [large] share of the overall training budget ( between 20% and 65% ) ;

To bring over any substantial numbers in the future would certainly require a source of grant funding .
to bring over any [large] numbers in the future would certainly require a source of grant funding .

The standard of health in the large towns still lagged behind the country as a whole , in spite of substantial improvements from the last quarter of the nineteenth century onwards ; but this disadvantage need not be , Barlow argued , given good planning .
the standard of health in the large towns still lagged behind the country as a whole , in spite of [large] improvements from the last quarter of the nineteenth century onwards ; but this disadvantage need not be , barlow argued , given good planning .

designed for substantial housing development for the expanding steel works there .
designed for [large] housing development for the expanding steel works there .

The Local Government Act , 1966 , gave grants to local authorities with substantial numbers of Commonwealth immigrants , to be spent on such matters as education and child care .
the local government act , 1966 , gave grants to local authorities with [large] numbers of commonwealth immigrants , to be spent on such matters as education and child care .

The fishing nets and the postcards were no longer on display , and the woollens and the charming useless pottery had been packed away for the coming winter and the new season to follow-then they were out of the village , passing through a scattering of newer and less substantial houses and following the narrow lakeside road to Langstone .
the fishing nets and the postcards were no longer on display , and the woollens and the charming useless pottery had been packed away for the coming winter and the new season to follow-then they were out of the village , passing through a scattering of newer and less [large] houses and following the narrow lakeside road to langstone .

In 1842 he wrote out a short sketch of his theory , and in 1844 a substantial essay that was intended for publication only if ( as he now feared ) he should die prematurely .
in 1842 he wrote out a short sketch of his theory , and in 1844 a [large] essay that was intended for publication only if ( as he now feared ) he should die prematurely .

France and Germany already had museums and universities with a substantial research function .
france and germany already had museums and universities with a [large] research function .

There was already a substantial body of information on plant physiology , but in the 1890s a number of botanists realized that the discipline could be extended to include how the plant coped with different environmental factors .
there was already a [large] body of information on plant physiology , but in the 1890s a number of botanists realized that the discipline could be extended to include how the plant coped with different environmental factors .

Nothing substantial for him to act against .
nothing [large] for him to act against .

He also kept a substantial store of wine in the subterranean room .
he also kept a [large] store of wine in the subterranean room .

The results of all the foregoing may be a fire or fires which on the arrival of the fire brigade have either developed as could be anticipated in the absence of an automatic extinguishing system or a situation where fire has gained a substantial hold and is being retarded in its growth by a sprinkler system reduced to some degree from its designed effectiveness .
the results of all the foregoing may be a fire or fires which on the arrival of the fire brigade have either developed as could be anticipated in the absence of an automatic extinguishing system or a situation where fire has gained a [large] hold and is being retarded in its growth by a sprinkler system reduced to some degree from its designed effectiveness .

The method of compartmentation would not , of course , be brought into action until a delay period had elapsed to permit the escape of personnel , and the timing of the foam application would need to be carefully controlled in order to leave sufficient time to permit the foam to fill the volume before the fire took substantial hold .
the method of compartmentation would not , of course , be brought into action until a delay period had elapsed to permit the escape of personnel , and the timing of the foam application would need to be carefully controlled in order to leave sufficient time to permit the foam to fill the volume before the fire took [large] hold .

If an ineffective system is fitted , they are likely to be substantial .
if an ineffective system is fitted , they are likely to be [large] .

It becomes clear immediately that the task of detection , location and extinction of the fire falls predominantly on the automatic system , which must be designed to perform these three functions in adequate measure if substantial loss is to be avoided .
it becomes clear immediately that the task of detection , location and extinction of the fire falls predominantly on the automatic system , which must be designed to perform these three functions in adequate measure if [large] loss is to be avoided .

It is hardly surprising , therefore , if disciplines are largely characterised by inertia , for substantial change very often counts as heresy .
it is hardly surprising , therefore , if disciplines are largely characterised by inertia , for [large] change very often counts as heresy .

Indeed , particularly in the humanities , and perhaps in the social sciences and in professionally related fields , it will be a substantial work of research when considered against any criterion .
indeed , particularly in the humanities , and perhaps in the social sciences and in professionally related fields , it will be a [large] work of research when considered against any criterion .

To begin with the quality of the font designs can have a substantial effect ; not all versions of Times look as good as they ought to .
to begin with the quality of the font designs can have a [large] effect ; not all versions of times look as good as they ought to .

Overall , PageMaker 3.0 is a substantial improvement on it 's previous versions and , unlike many upgrades , it has kept firmly to its original concepts .
overall , pagemaker 3.0 is a [large] improvement on it 's previous versions and , unlike many upgrades , it has kept firmly to its original concepts .

And , given that an average presentation may require 20 to 30 of these , that represents a substantial investment .
and , given that an average presentation may require 20 to 30 of these , that represents a [large] investment .

The potential for disaster lurks very close behind the bright shiny facade waiting to pounce on the unwary and relieve them of substantial sums of money .
the potential for disaster lurks very close behind the bright shiny facade waiting to pounce on the unwary and relieve them of [large] sums of money .

Using any of the traditional methods of cost analysis you will need a substantial quantity of paper , a good financial calculator , a ruler for drawing up the forms and a quiet corner to get on with it .
using any of the traditional methods of cost analysis you will need a [large] quantity of paper , a good financial calculator , a ruler for drawing up the forms and a quiet corner to get on with it .

No organisation of substantial size can avoid operating problems unless there is a clear understanding as to the structure of the tasks and relationships of an organisation , ie .
no organisation of [large] size can avoid operating problems unless there is a clear understanding as to the structure of the tasks and relationships of an organisation , ie .

There were substantial investments abroad underlining the class differences which successive governments have since tried , without much effect , to eliminate .
there were [large] investments abroad underlining the class differences which successive governments have since tried , without much effect , to eliminate .

Whilst oil barons may be prepared to suffer this while oil is in relatively short supply , they will probably adopt a different attitude if demand falls , and this could come about in many ways — perhaps by substantial on-shore reserves being discovered elsewhere in the world .
whilst oil barons may be prepared to suffer this while oil is in relatively short supply , they will probably adopt a different attitude if demand falls , and this could come about in many ways — perhaps by [large] on-shore reserves being discovered elsewhere in the world .

The profits of the news business were never substantial and much was ploughed back into expansion .
the profits of the news business were never [large] and much was ploughed back into expansion .

In 1822 , following Macquarie 's departure , he was dismissed from the post , but during his short period of office he had carried out or initiated a remarkable number of substantial projects in Sydney and its neighbourhood , the most important being the Macquarie lighthouse ( c .1816–18 , demolished ) , the churches of Windsor ( c .1817 ) , Liverpool ( 1818–24 ) , and St James 's Sydney ( c .1820 ) , the stables at Government House ( 1817 ) , Fort Macquarie at Benelong Point ( c .1817 , demolished ) , and the Hyde Park convict barracks ( 1817 ) .
in 1822 , following macquarie 's departure , he was dismissed from the post , but during his short period of office he had carried out or initiated a remarkable number of [large] projects in sydney and its neighbourhood , the most important being the macquarie lighthouse ( c .1816–18 , demolished ) , the churches of windsor ( c .1817 ) , liverpool ( 1818–24 ) , and st james 's sydney ( c .1820 ) , the stables at government house ( 1817 ) , fort macquarie at benelong point ( c .1817 , demolished ) , and the hyde park convict barracks ( 1817 ) .

Grumbold 's will indicates that he accumulated considerable wealth , acquiring a substantial amount of leasehold property in Cambridge .
grumbold 's will indicates that he accumulated considerable wealth , acquiring a [large] amount of leasehold property in cambridge .

He was for a time in Ireland overseeing the introduction of these changes , and he and Thomas were both given substantial pensions ( £100 each ) in 1603 .
he was for a time in ireland overseeing the introduction of these changes , and he and thomas were both given [large] pensions ( £100 each ) in 1603 .

John was a substantial magnate but , in terms of land held in hereditary right , not one of the first rank .
john was a [large] magnate but , in terms of land held in hereditary right , not one of the first rank .

By 1560 , when he was elected alderman , he was already a substantial figure in London , and he became one of the City 's commercial magnates .
by 1560 , when he was elected alderman , he was already a [large] figure in london , and he became one of the city 's commercial magnates .

Upon the dissolution of the choir and college of St Stephen 's in March 1549 , Ludford lost his employment , but was granted a substantial annual pension for the rest of his life .
upon the dissolution of the choir and college of st stephen 's in march 1549 , ludford lost his employment , but was granted a [large] annual pension for the rest of his life .

In 1617 in Westmorland £710 gross was the income of a substantial landed family .
in 1617 in westmorland £710 gross was the income of a [large] landed family .

In 1818 he was employed to carry out repairs on the parish church in Halifax , West Yorkshire , and the following year he settled in Leeds , from where he developed a substantial practice in the Yorkshire area , particularly as a designer of churches .
in 1818 he was employed to carry out repairs on the parish church in halifax , west yorkshire , and the following year he settled in leeds , from where he developed a [large] practice in the yorkshire area , particularly as a designer of churches .

Astor was a substantial contributor to charities and to the Conservative Party .
astor was a [large] contributor to charities and to the conservative party .

Though she brought a substantial dowry in money and jewels to Alphonso Lanier , this was soon exhausted by his service in hope of preferment under Robert Devereux , second Earl of Essex [ q.v . ]
though she brought a [large] dowry in money and jewels to alphonso lanier , this was soon exhausted by his service in hope of preferment under robert devereux , second earl of essex [ q.v . ]

Throughout the 1690s he advanced substantial sums through various channels .
throughout the 1690s he advanced [large] sums through various channels .

The substantial portion of £18,000 doubtless reflected inter alia the disparity of age : Mary Banks was thirty , John Savile twenty-two .
the [large] portion of £18,000 doubtless reflected inter alia the disparity of age : mary banks was thirty , john savile twenty-two .

His most substantial achievement in these fields is to be found in his articles and editorship of the Ancestor in twelve notable volumes from 1902 to 1905 .
his most [large] achievement in these fields is to be found in his articles and editorship of the ancestor in twelve notable volumes from 1902 to 1905 .

Impressive though the scale of such formal loans was , they were not the most substantial of Burlamachi 's financial services .
impressive though the scale of such formal loans was , they were not the most [large] of burlamachi 's financial services .

At the turn of the century Sumner and his family moved out of London , and finally settled in 1904 near Fordingbridge in the New Forest in a substantial residence , Cuckoo Hill .
at the turn of the century sumner and his family moved out of london , and finally settled in 1904 near fordingbridge in the new forest in a [large] residence , cuckoo hill .

This act , in which his wife and sons took part , developed into a substantial touring company performing throughout Britain and Europe ; Cody 's most famous melodrama was The Klondyke Nugget , first staged in 1898 .
this act , in which his wife and sons took part , developed into a [large] touring company performing throughout britain and europe ; cody 's most famous melodrama was the klondyke nugget , first staged in 1898 .

Noell died a rich but not fabulously wealthy man , having already settled much of his property and set up a substantial charity in his native town .
noell died a rich but not fabulously wealthy man , having already settled much of his property and set up a [large] charity in his native town .

During the next four years he wrote two substantial biographies which were highly acclaimed , those of his mentor Emrys ap Iwan , and Thomas Gee , the most influential publisher in Wales during the nineteenth century and a great friend and supporter of the young David Lloyd George ( later Earl Lloyd-George of Dwyfor ) .
during the next four years he wrote two [large] biographies which were highly acclaimed , those of his mentor emrys ap iwan , and thomas gee , the most influential publisher in wales during the nineteenth century and a great friend and supporter of the young david lloyd george ( later earl lloyd-george of dwyfor ) .

After several years of sheer hard work and dedicated self-sacrifice , which involved giving up her fine mansion and living in cheap lodgings , she finally turned the bankrupt enterprise around and by 1904 was able to sell her shares in Dillwyn & Co. at a very substantial profit to the German industrial giant , Metallgesellschaft of Frankfurt , which was then striving to create an international monopoly of zinc manufacture .
after several years of sheer hard work and dedicated self-sacrifice , which involved giving up her fine mansion and living in cheap lodgings , she finally turned the bankrupt enterprise around and by 1904 was able to sell her shares in dillwyn & co. at a very [large] profit to the german industrial giant , metallgesellschaft of frankfurt , which was then striving to create an international monopoly of zinc manufacture .

In 1929 Hill had become a director of the Eagle Star Insurance Company , which , in the economic recovery of the 1930s , grew rapidly and had substantial funds to invest .
in 1929 hill had become a director of the eagle star insurance company , which , in the economic recovery of the 1930s , grew rapidly and had [large] funds to invest .

No paintings are known , but he did commission from another artist a series of three substantial history pictures in which his family appeared as witnesses to religious scenes .
no paintings are known , but he did commission from another artist a series of three [large] history pictures in which his family appeared as witnesses to religious scenes .

Although he had many substantial patrons , Evesham may have been in financial straits in the mid-1620s .
although he had many [large] patrons , evesham may have been in financial straits in the mid-1620s .

So substantial was his fame and profitability that on 7 April 1478 Richard Beauchamp [ q.v . ]
so [large] was his fame and profitability that on 7 april 1478 richard beauchamp [ q.v . ]

Additionally , he wrote two substantial books .
additionally , he wrote two [large] books .

He wrote and printed for the Scottish History Society his meticulous Itinerary of Prince Charles Edward Stuart ( 1897 ) and the substantial volume , Origins of the Forty-Five ( 1916 ) .
he wrote and printed for the scottish history society his meticulous itinerary of prince charles edward stuart ( 1897 ) and the [large] volume , origins of the forty-five ( 1916 ) .

The manufacture and installation of ventilators became a substantial part of Yeoman 's business , and , after making a start at Northampton hospital and gaol in 1748–9 , he fitted them also to gaols in Shrewsbury , Bedford , Aylesbury , and Maidstone , and to the naval hospitals in Portsmouth , Gosport , and Plymouth .
the manufacture and installation of ventilators became a [large] part of yeoman 's business , and , after making a start at northampton hospital and gaol in 1748–9 , he fitted them also to gaols in shrewsbury , bedford , aylesbury , and maidstone , and to the naval hospitals in portsmouth , gosport , and plymouth .

, Benedict ( 1563–post 1626 ) , clothier , was the third generation in the trade , following his grandfather , a small clothier ( who died in Kingswood in 1558 ) , and a father and uncles who were more substantial men , collecting aulnage in Gloucestershire , Wiltshire , and Bristol , exporting undressed cloth , and importing logwood .
, benedict ( 1563–post 1626 ) , clothier , was the third generation in the trade , following his grandfather , a small clothier ( who died in kingswood in 1558 ) , and a father and uncles who were more [large] men , collecting aulnage in gloucestershire , wiltshire , and bristol , exporting undressed cloth , and importing logwood .

Given the range of the latter , his historical output was substantial , with his work in English history , best represented by England in the Nineteenth Century , 1815–1914 ( 1950 ) , eclipsed in quality by his work on French history , which was attractively written and distinctive in approach and content : his several books on the subject included Democracy in France ( 1946 ) , which ran into five editions before his death .
given the range of the latter , his historical output was [large] , with his work in english history , best represented by england in the nineteenth century , 1815–1914 ( 1950 ) , eclipsed in quality by his work on french history , which was attractively written and distinctive in approach and content : his several books on the subject included democracy in france ( 1946 ) , which ran into five editions before his death .

Integrating backwards , he acquired three substantial manufacturing establishments in county Durham near Newcastle , including two slitting-mills , two forges , four steel furnaces , many warehouses , and innumerable smithies producing a very wide variety of ironmongery .
integrating backwards , he acquired three [large] manufacturing establishments in county durham near newcastle , including two slitting-mills , two forges , four steel furnaces , many warehouses , and innumerable smithies producing a very wide variety of ironmongery .

Also controversial at Oxford at this time was the question whether man , being both body and soul , has both a corporeal and a spiritual form : Aquinas taught that in every corporeal being there is one substantial form .
also controversial at oxford at this time was the question whether man , being both body and soul , has both a corporeal and a spiritual form : aquinas taught that in every corporeal being there is one [large] form .

He was active in the substantial Niagara Falls hydroelectric scheme , first in a consultant capacity and then staying in Canada to superintend its construction from 1891 to 1895 .
he was active in the [large] niagara falls hydroelectric scheme , first in a consultant capacity and then staying in canada to superintend its construction from 1891 to 1895 .

His second wife ( in 1602 ) was Mary , the daughter of John Knatchbull of Mersham , a substantial Kentish landowner ; they had a son , Thomas ( who predeceased him ) , and three daughters .
his second wife ( in 1602 ) was mary , the daughter of john knatchbull of mersham , a [large] kentish landowner ; they had a son , thomas ( who predeceased him ) , and three daughters .

She landed at least two substantial contracts to supply stockings to the parliamentary army in Ireland .
she landed at least two [large] contracts to supply stockings to the parliamentary army in ireland .

On his marriage in 1910 to Mary Gertrude , only child of John Robert William Vesey , fourth Viscount de Vesci , and his wife Lady Evelyn Charteris , daughter of the tenth Earl of Wemyss , his mother gave him Pixton Park , in Somerset , with 5,000 acres , and a substantial family property in Portofino , Italy .
on his marriage in 1910 to mary gertrude , only child of john robert william vesey , fourth viscount de vesci , and his wife lady evelyn charteris , daughter of the tenth earl of wemyss , his mother gave him pixton park , in somerset , with 5,000 acres , and a [large] family property in portofino , italy .

During his career he created an ‘ immense , flourishing and progressive business ’ of six mills with some eighteen hand making vats and three paper machines , while still leaving time for his substantial charitable activities .
during his career he created an ‘ immense , flourishing and progressive business ’ of six mills with some eighteen hand making vats and three paper machines , while still leaving time for his [large] charitable activities .

Later high grain prices , at a time of excellent harvests , allowed the treasurers to build up a substantial surplus .
later high grain prices , at a time of excellent harvests , allowed the treasurers to build up a [large] surplus .

Under Eastry 's leadership the priory poured substantial sums into increasing the size of sheep flocks and cow herds .
under eastry 's leadership the priory poured [large] sums into increasing the size of sheep flocks and cow herds .

On the suffrage there was no substantial difference between the two .
on the suffrage there was no [large] difference between the two .

Thereafter during the 1820s and 1830s he greatly expanded the firm 's architectural side — following his father 's death in 1827 he devoted his time entirely to architecture , leaving the management of the marble works to his younger brother Francis — and established a substantial practice in the north-west and the adjacent parts of Yorkshire .
thereafter during the 1820s and 1830s he greatly expanded the firm 's architectural side — following his father 's death in 1827 he devoted his time entirely to architecture , leaving the management of the marble works to his younger brother francis — and established a [large] practice in the north-west and the adjacent parts of yorkshire .

The relationships were indeed so close that suspicions arose that Burghley , who helped Smith to clear a substantial profit on an alum deal in 1578 , and Leicester , who referred in his will to his ‘ great love ’ of the ‘ customer ’ , shared in the profits of the farm .
the relationships were indeed so close that suspicions arose that burghley , who helped smith to clear a [large] profit on an alum deal in 1578 , and leicester , who referred in his will to his ‘ great love ’ of the ‘ customer ’ , shared in the profits of the farm .

The most substantial of these collections is The Political Songster ( 1790 ) .
the most [large] of these collections is the political songster ( 1790 ) .

To those ballads he added a substantial leavening of others that were complimentary , jocular , and satirical .
to those ballads he added a [large] leavening of others that were complimentary , jocular , and satirical .

In 1854 he published On the Structure and Use of the Spleen , a substantial work of 380 pages , based on original observations .
in 1854 he published on the structure and use of the spleen , a [large] work of 380 pages , based on original observations .

He thus acquired a substantial magnate inheritance with the chief centre in Buckinghamshire , where he was lord of Aylesbury , Whaddon , and Steeple Claydon .
he thus acquired a [large] magnate inheritance with the chief centre in buckinghamshire , where he was lord of aylesbury , whaddon , and steeple claydon .

On his father 's death in 1621 he was adopted by his uncle John Browne , a merchant tailor , from whom he eventually inherited a substantial fortune .
on his father 's death in 1621 he was adopted by his uncle john browne , a merchant tailor , from whom he eventually inherited a [large] fortune .

Colonel Gonne died in 1886 and on her twenty-first birthday Maud inherited a substantial income .
colonel gonne died in 1886 and on her twenty-first birthday maud inherited a [large] income .

She long acted as examiner in geography for various institutions , and her influence on the training of the next generation of students of geography was substantial .
she long acted as examiner in geography for various institutions , and her influence on the training of the next generation of students of geography was [large] .

Valuable lessons should be available from specific community-based programmes aimed at unemployed people ; an exclusive focus on these initiatives , however , can deflect attention from the need for Colleges of Further Education ( with much more substantial resources than community-based programmes ) to confront the issue of long-term structural unemployment .
valuable lessons should be available from specific community-based programmes aimed at unemployed people ; an exclusive focus on these initiatives , however , can deflect attention from the need for colleges of further education ( with much more [large] resources than community-based programmes ) to confront the issue of long-term structural unemployment .

But as we have seen , the ordinary shares may shade off imperceptibly into preference , for , when the latter confer a substantial right of participation in income or capital , or a fortiori both , it is largely a matter of taste whether they are designated ‘ preference ’ or ‘ preferred ordinary ’ shares .
but as we have seen , the ordinary shares may shade off imperceptibly into preference , for , when the latter confer a [large] right of participation in income or capital , or a fortiori both , it is largely a matter of taste whether they are designated ‘ preference ’ or ‘ preferred ordinary ’ shares .

One of its shareholders had been allowed to run up substantial debts to the company resulting from trading between him and the company and it had been agreed that he could repay by instalments .
one of its shareholders had been allowed to run up [large] debts to the company resulting from trading between him and the company and it had been agreed that he could repay by instalments .

And since these costs can be substantial , it is important to determine what constitutes the company 's assets out of which such costs can be paid .
and since these costs can be [large] , it is important to determine what constitutes the company 's assets out of which such costs can be paid .

These costs , combined with the claims of the preferential creditors , entail a substantial erosion of the entitlement of the floating charge holder .
these costs , combined with the claims of the preferential creditors , entail a [large] erosion of the entitlement of the floating charge holder .

Section 231 requires information specified in Schedule 5 to be given in notes to the accounts regarding what are referred to in the headings to the section and the Schedule as ‘ related undertakings ’ — an expression which the Act does not define but which includes parent and subsidiary undertakings , associated undertakings , joint ventures , and undertakings in which the company has a substantial holding .
section 231 requires information specified in schedule 5 to be given in notes to the accounts regarding what are referred to in the headings to the section and the schedule as ‘ related undertakings ’ — an expression which the act does not define but which includes parent and subsidiary undertakings , associated undertakings , joint ventures , and undertakings in which the company has a [large] holding .

As we discussed in Chapter 4 , most 5-year-old children just beginning to learn to read already have a substantial auditory-recognition vocabulary .
as we discussed in chapter 4 , most 5-year-old children just beginning to learn to read already have a [large] auditory-recognition vocabulary .

What are the relative advantages and disadvantages of placing a substantial number of political appointees at the head of each department when a new government assumes power ?
what are the relative advantages and disadvantages of placing a [large] number of political appointees at the head of each department when a new government assumes power ?

The 1970s saw the beginning of serious and substantial attempts to understand and improve the financial reporting practices of public sector organizations .
the 1970s saw the beginning of serious and [large] attempts to understand and improve the financial reporting practices of public sector organizations .

This is perhaps symptomatic of a continuing problem with the user/user needs approach to financial reporting theory : we are still not clear that substantial numbers of users exist .
this is perhaps symptomatic of a continuing problem with the user/user needs approach to financial reporting theory : we are still not clear that [large] numbers of users exist .

Taxes are paid by all owner occupiers ( among others ) , including substantial contribution from commercial property owners ; while rents are paid by council house tenants .
taxes are paid by all owner occupiers ( among others ) , including [large] contribution from commercial property owners ; while rents are paid by council house tenants .

The then current ratepayers had received substantial bequests from the ratepayers of 50 and 100 years previous .
the then current ratepayers had received [large] bequests from the ratepayers of 50 and 100 years previous .

the nature of substantial reserves ;
the nature of [large] reserves ;

In geomorphology the impact of studies of process was perhaps most substantial and also the most dramatic in physical geography .
in geomorphology the impact of studies of process was perhaps most [large] and also the most dramatic in physical geography .

On 15 August 1952 a major flood affected the East and West Lyn rivers on the coast of North Devon , had substantial effects on the river channel , the valley and the human settlement , and has been estimated to have a recurrence interval of possibly 1:1000 years ( Dobbie and Wolf , 1953 ) .
on 15 august 1952 a major flood affected the east and west lyn rivers on the coast of north devon , had [large] effects on the river channel , the valley and the human settlement , and has been estimated to have a recurrence interval of possibly 1:1000 years ( dobbie and wolf , 1953 ) .

This book had a substantial influence in physical geography and perhaps initiated a more consolidated attitude to the significance of human activity in physical geography .
this book had a [large] influence in physical geography and perhaps initiated a more consolidated attitude to the significance of human activity in physical geography .

First has been research focused upon chronology of landscape change which has ( Butzer , 1974 ; Vita-Finzi , 1969 ) demonstrated how human activity was a pertinent factor influencing the course of alluvial chronology and in Greece Davidson ( 1980a ) has demonstrated that erosion was underway during the Bronze Age but that spatial variations were substantial .
first has been research focused upon chronology of landscape change which has ( butzer , 1974 ; vita-finzi , 1969 ) demonstrated how human activity was a pertinent factor influencing the course of alluvial chronology and in greece davidson ( 1980a ) has demonstrated that erosion was underway during the bronze age but that spatial variations were [large] .

She was certain she could make some substantial changes .
she was certain she could make some [large] changes .

Two of the interior walls were painted canvas , and the others only more substantial so they could support the catwalks necessary for the fight .
two of the interior walls were painted canvas , and the others only more [large] so they could support the catwalks necessary for the fight .

Elsewhere the only substantial bases Stalin acquired out of the post-war settlement were those at Porkkala , Finland , and at Port Arthur in Chinese-controlled Manchuria .
elsewhere the only [large] bases stalin acquired out of the post-war settlement were those at porkkala , finland , and at port arthur in chinese-controlled manchuria .

Following the 1967 Six-day War the Soviet Union developed substantial military facilities in Egypt .
following the 1967 six-day war the soviet union developed [large] military facilities in egypt .

This denouement in Somalia , following the debacle in Egypt , further discouraged the Soviet Union from seeking and constructing substantial military and naval facilities or bases in Third World states with a record of instability .
this denouement in somalia , following the debacle in egypt , further discouraged the soviet union from seeking and constructing [large] military and naval facilities or bases in third world states with a record of instability .

It was standard procedure for such conglomerates to collect contemporary art , now that it had been recognized that such art was plentiful , reasonably affordable , and able to yield substantial returns .
it was standard procedure for such conglomerates to collect contemporary art , now that it had been recognized that such art was plentiful , reasonably affordable , and able to yield [large] returns .

In local government in particular we have seen substantial moves towards more decentralised forms of service provision in terms of area offices , or neighbourhood forums .
in local government in particular we have seen [large] moves towards more decentralised forms of service provision in terms of area offices , or neighbourhood forums .

Given the history of Treasury control over financial matters , it will require a substantial cultural shift if agencies are to have the financial freedom which is crucial to the success of the project .
given the history of treasury control over financial matters , it will require a [large] cultural shift if agencies are to have the financial freedom which is crucial to the success of the project .

There is little substantial work yet published on the Next Steps , though the Treasury and Civil Service Committee ( 1990 ) contains a number of useful appendices .
there is little [large] work yet published on the next steps , though the treasury and civil service committee ( 1990 ) contains a number of useful appendices .

This ‘ Back to Bach ’ movement had a substantial problem , however : a too-faithful re-creation of Bach or Vivaldi sounds old and dated , as well as probably being inferior to the genuine article .
this ‘ back to bach ’ movement had a [large] problem , however : a too-faithful re-creation of bach or vivaldi sounds old and dated , as well as probably being inferior to the genuine article .

Each student has substantial scope for individual decision-making , and it is vital that this is exercised on an informed basis , fully utilizing the qualities of choice and flexibility inherent in the Course .
each student has [large] scope for individual decision-making , and it is vital that this is exercised on an informed basis , fully utilizing the qualities of choice and flexibility inherent in the course .

Almost every major evaluation study has led to minor adjustment or substantial change .
almost every major evaluation study has led to minor adjustment or [large] change .

The former did not invariably experience substantial development as commercial centres — some railway centres were better located than others — but were better placed to market their own products and to develop economically , even though Le Mans developed at the expense of Alençon , for example , and Orlèans , Besançon and Montpellier all lost some of their traditional importance in the wine trade , the last losing out to Béziers and Nîmes which were at junctions in the railway network .
the former did not invariably experience [large] development as commercial centres — some railway centres were better located than others — but were better placed to market their own products and to develop economically , even though le mans developed at the expense of alençon , for example , and orlèans , besançon and montpellier all lost some of their traditional importance in the wine trade , the last losing out to béziers and nîmes which were at junctions in the railway network .

Any definition which helps to recognise that there may be substantial overlapping of legal and social issues , and that neither can be adequately dealt with in isolation is to be commended .
any definition which helps to recognise that there may be [large] overlapping of legal and social issues , and that neither can be adequately dealt with in isolation is to be commended .

The solution they adopted was to assess , in respect of each category of problems identified , what would constitute ‘ … a risk of substantial loss or disadvantage which would be important for the individual concerned .
the solution they adopted was to assess , in respect of each category of problems identified , what would constitute ‘ … a risk of [large] loss or disadvantage which would be important for the individual concerned .

The recommendation , and its ultimate partial acceptance , have been criticised on the grounds that lack of legal advice at an early stage may simply lead to disputes later on , to be resolved with the support of legal aid , and that the cost savings were unlikely to be substantial .
the recommendation , and its ultimate partial acceptance , have been criticised on the grounds that lack of legal advice at an early stage may simply lead to disputes later on , to be resolved with the support of legal aid , and that the cost savings were unlikely to be [large] .

The financial criteria are contained on the Key Card reproduced earlier in the chapter and the substantial changes in eligibility introduced in 1979 took away most of the grounds for the criticism that they were pitched too low .
the financial criteria are contained on the key card reproduced earlier in the chapter and the [large] changes in eligibility introduced in 1979 took away most of the grounds for the criticism that they were pitched too low .

Prospective franchisees would need to demonstrate substantial involvement in the relevant work ( in the case of general practice franchise , receipt of at least £40,000 p.a .
prospective franchisees would need to demonstrate [large] involvement in the relevant work ( in the case of general practice franchise , receipt of at least £40,000 p.a .

However , the two substantial hurdles which protect the Fund mean many people will not benefit .
however , the two [large] hurdles which protect the fund mean many people will not benefit .

At the outset , the plaintiff may be slow to contact a solicitor , negotiations for a settlement may drag on , the extent of the plaintiff 's injuries may not become clear until the end of a lengthy period of treatment , investigations may have to be carried out to ascertain the evidence , expert opinions may have to be obtained , communication and action by both sides may be poor and slow , the advice of counsel may be taken , pleadings are often extended , the length of time spent waiting for the trial to begin can be substantial , and errors may be made by the professionals involved .
at the outset , the plaintiff may be slow to contact a solicitor , negotiations for a settlement may drag on , the extent of the plaintiff 's injuries may not become clear until the end of a lengthy period of treatment , investigations may have to be carried out to ascertain the evidence , expert opinions may have to be obtained , communication and action by both sides may be poor and slow , the advice of counsel may be taken , pleadings are often extended , the length of time spent waiting for the trial to begin can be [large] , and errors may be made by the professionals involved .

It took the view that the upper limit is arbitrary , and might operate unfairly , since a person just above the limit receives no assistance , whereas a person just below it might have to make a substantial contribution but would have the security of knowing that that contribution represents the maximum liability for costs regardless of the actual cost or the outcome of the case .
it took the view that the upper limit is arbitrary , and might operate unfairly , since a person just above the limit receives no assistance , whereas a person just below it might have to make a [large] contribution but would have the security of knowing that that contribution represents the maximum liability for costs regardless of the actual cost or the outcome of the case .

If there is subsequent substantial infill this could complete the isostatic adjustment or even produce a mass excess if the crater region has been compressed by the impact and is fairly rigid .
if there is subsequent [large] infill this could complete the isostatic adjustment or even produce a mass excess if the crater region has been compressed by the impact and is fairly rigid .

In this case a substantial internal magnetic dipole moment is expected .
in this case a [large] internal magnetic dipole moment is expected .

In the face of growing needs arising from an ageing population , the only substantial source of funds available for care was through the Social Security System which enabled elderly people to enter voluntary and private nursing homes whereas the funds to develop care at home by health and social services were limited and restrained as part of the overall policy to reduce public spending .
in the face of growing needs arising from an ageing population , the only [large] source of funds available for care was through the social security system which enabled elderly people to enter voluntary and private nursing homes whereas the funds to develop care at home by health and social services were limited and restrained as part of the overall policy to reduce public spending .

All these services require substantial management and specialist support beyond the initial setting-up period , which has often proved difficult to provide .
all these services require [large] management and specialist support beyond the initial setting-up period , which has often proved difficult to provide .

First , many theoretical conceptualizations of social work incorporated substantial aspects of ‘ psychoanalytic thinking ’ .
first , many theoretical conceptualizations of social work incorporated [large] aspects of ‘ psychoanalytic thinking ’ .

The sample was drawn from carers providing substantial amounts of help to a disabled adult living in the same household , excluding spouse carers and caring arising from a son or daughter born disabled .
the sample was drawn from carers providing [large] amounts of help to a disabled adult living in the same household , excluding spouse carers and caring arising from a son or daughter born disabled .

Benjamin 's concept of ‘ allegory ’ which , Sontag ( 1979 , p. 17 ) argues , is the governing concept in his two most substantial works on Baudelaire 's Paris and The Origins of German Tragic Drama , does have roots in surrealism .
benjamin 's concept of ‘ allegory ’ which , sontag ( 1979 , p. 17 ) argues , is the governing concept in his two most [large] works on baudelaire 's paris and the origins of german tragic drama , does have roots in surrealism .

Photorealism indeed attributes substantial value to the referent , but understands the referent to be itself a signifier .
photorealism indeed attributes [large] value to the referent , but understands the referent to be itself a signifier .

The bursting upon the scene of an organized working class carrying out industrial action on a substantial level , or not just working-class suffrage but , for the first time , mass political parties , and especially working-class parties must have been at least partly experienced as an eruption of contingency and chaos into a world of order .
the bursting upon the scene of an organized working class carrying out industrial action on a [large] level , or not just working-class suffrage but , for the first time , mass political parties , and especially working-class parties must have been at least partly experienced as an eruption of contingency and chaos into a world of order .

The very centrality of the aristocracy and its culture in Vienna , however , made possible the restabilization of bürgerliche culture , partly through the integration of a substantial element of aestheticist aristocratic culture into the bourgeois habitus .
the very centrality of the aristocracy and its culture in vienna , however , made possible the restabilization of bürgerliche culture , partly through the integration of a [large] element of aestheticist aristocratic culture into the bourgeois habitus .

In 1913 , for not dissimilar reasons , Liebermann and the remaining majority left the Secession , though substantial figures such as Corinth stayed in the organization .
in 1913 , for not dissimilar reasons , liebermann and the remaining majority left the secession , though [large] figures such as corinth stayed in the organization .

land of substantial symbolic meaning for the lineage 's patrimony ) for sale , another branch will buy it instead of some more fertile outlying land in order to maintain intact the honour ( or symbolic capital ) of the lineage .
land of [large] symbolic meaning for the lineage 's patrimony ) for sale , another branch will buy it instead of some more fertile outlying land in order to maintain intact the honour ( or symbolic capital ) of the lineage .

Failure to state reasons , or adequate reasons , is frequently invoked as a ground of annulment before the European Court ; and as a result there is a substantial amount of case law on the subject .
failure to state reasons , or adequate reasons , is frequently invoked as a ground of annulment before the european court ; and as a result there is a [large] amount of case law on the subject .

Unfortunately , the same can not be said of British primary legislation , where ascertaining the date of commencement can be a substantial problem .
unfortunately , the same can not be said of british primary legislation , where ascertaining the date of commencement can be a [large] problem .

In this context the community means either the international community , the national community , or a local community ( that is to say , a substantial geographical section of the national community ) or a section of such a community determined by sex or age .
in this context the community means either the international community , the national community , or a local community ( that is to say , a [large] geographical section of the national community ) or a section of such a community determined by sex or age .

The sixth area where one can foresee some substantial change is that of timescale and the use of computers .
the sixth area where one can foresee some [large] change is that of timescale and the use of computers .

There was a surprisingly substantial critical reception for Jonathan Meades ' first novel , Pompey ( Cape ) — substantial but mixed .
there was a surprisingly [large] critical reception for jonathan meades ' first novel , pompey ( cape ) — [large] but mixed .

Indeed it had never occurred to him to sell bits of Hatherley to keep the paper going any more than he had considered using the profits of the paper , in the years when there were some , to pay for the substantial renovation the house had required .
indeed it had never occurred to him to sell bits of hatherley to keep the paper going any more than he had considered using the profits of the paper , in the years when there were some , to pay for the [large] renovation the house had required .

The meaning of the term is obviously crucial , particularly since there is a substantial difference in penalty between assault and sexual assault .
the meaning of the term is obviously crucial , particularly since there is a [large] difference in penalty between assault and sexual assault .

Although she appears to have taken with her no significant quantity of clothing nor any substantial sum of money it seems certain that she was carrying her passport …
although she appears to have taken with her no significant quantity of clothing nor any [large] sum of money it seems certain that she was carrying her passport …

Josie 's hand slid from around her as if she 'd been holding nothing more substantial than a wisp of smoke .
josie 's hand slid from around her as if she 'd been holding nothing more [large] than a wisp of smoke .

It 's obvious that what God said to Noah would have seemed extremely odd ; build a huge boat in a country far away from any substantial water .
it 's obvious that what god said to noah would have seemed extremely odd ; build a huge boat in a country far away from any [large] water .

The new company combines our own substantial technical and engineering skills with the expertise of Amersham International in the safe handling and distribution of radioactive products .
the new company combines our own [large] technical and engineering skills with the expertise of amersham international in the safe handling and distribution of radioactive products .

Substantial balances have come from new customers while the overall average balances are higher than Gold 90 balances which are themselves significant .
[large] balances have come from new customers while the overall average balances are higher than gold 90 balances which are themselves significant .

The relatively large bonus was preferred by the majority of longer-term savers and the idea of a substantial reward for maintaining savings untouched is clearly popular .
the relatively large bonus was preferred by the majority of longer-term savers and the idea of a [large] reward for maintaining savings untouched is clearly popular .

Negotiations opened but it was several months before the two men reached an agreement for ‘ substantial borrowings ’ .
negotiations opened but it was several months before the two men reached an agreement for ‘ [large] borrowings ’ .

a substantial increase in investment in the water industry has occurred since 1989 . However , the majority of this new investment ( 60% ) has been paid for by consumers and not shareholders
a [large] increase in investment in the water industry has occurred since 1989 . however , the majority of this new investment ( 60% ) has been paid for by consumers and not shareholders

The law does not allow you to give away substantial sums of money , for example to a relative or a charity , prior to coming into care in order to pay a lower charge for your accommodation .
the law does not allow you to give away [large] sums of money , for example to a relative or a charity , prior to coming into care in order to pay a lower charge for your accommodation .

Should you wish to give away substantial sums of money which will reduce your savings you should notify the Department .
should you wish to give away [large] sums of money which will reduce your savings you should notify the department .

Notwithstanding a substantial improvement in profit after tax from upstream activities to £41 million [ 1991 £17 million ] , reflecting improved operating profits following the Ultramar acquisition , the Group recorded a disappointingly large loss for the year of £385 million , after incurring exceptional charges of £426 million .
notwithstanding a [large] improvement in profit after tax from upstream activities to £41 million [ 1991 £17 million ] , reflecting improved operating profits following the ultramar acquisition , the group recorded a disappointingly large loss for the year of £385 million , after incurring exceptional charges of £426 million .

Over the past few years we have created a substantial oil and gas exploration and production company through a combination of exploration , development and acquisition .
over the past few years we have created a [large] oil and gas exploration and production company through a combination of exploration , development and acquisition .

Net cash inflow from operations after tax and dividends was £225 million , a substantial increase from the 1991 figure of £169 million , which did not include a contribution from Ultramar .
net cash inflow from operations after tax and dividends was £225 million , a [large] increase from the 1991 figure of £169 million , which did not include a contribution from ultramar .

Our producing operations were enhanced in 1992 with first production from the Panuke field , offshore Nova Scotia , Canada and substantial progress has been made towards development of the Kadanwari gas field in Pakistan with gas sales contracts signed in February 1993 .
our producing operations were enhanced in 1992 with first production from the panuke field , offshore nova scotia , canada and [large] progress has been made towards development of the kadanwari gas field in pakistan with gas sales contracts signed in february 1993 .

However , Government also has a role , not least in seeking to maximise the return received from the substantial investment of public money in the science base .
however , government also has a role , not least in seeking to maximise the return received from the [large] investment of public money in the science base .

where part of the site ( a substantial area ) could be environmentally improved by coaling or subsequent restoration ;
where part of the site ( a [large] area ) could be environmentally improved by coaling or subsequent restoration ;

The 1991 Amman Valley Regeneration Strategy cites opencast mining as creating ‘ substantial difficulties ’ for both valleys ‘ in terms of the quality of the local environment and its blighting effect upon alternative local economic prospects ’ .
the 1991 amman valley regeneration strategy cites opencast mining as creating ‘ [large] difficulties ’ for both valleys ‘ in terms of the quality of the local environment and its blighting effect upon alternative local economic prospects ’ .

Although Hamilton Oil 's exploration rig Sonat Arcade Frontier departed from the area off Bardsey shortly after Christmas , it has left in its wake a substantial lobby of conservationists , environmental activists and supporters which views the prospect of large scale industrial development as posing a serious threat , particularly to protected species such as the bottle-nose dolphin and other marine and bird life .
although hamilton oil 's exploration rig sonat arcade frontier departed from the area off bardsey shortly after christmas , it has left in its wake a [large] lobby of conservationists , environmental activists and supporters which views the prospect of large scale industrial development as posing a serious threat , particularly to protected species such as the bottle-nose dolphin and other marine and bird life .

[ Others ? the precise list will need substantial discussion . ] Each chapter would :
[ others ? the precise list will need [large] discussion . ] each chapter would :

We would support careful experimentation on this basis , and agree that ‘ a substantial area of mid-Wales ’ may well prove an appropriate and relevant test-bed .
we would support careful experimentation on this basis , and agree that ‘ a [large] area of mid-wales ’ may well prove an appropriate and relevant test-bed .

However , in the case of a more substantial discovery requiring greater appraisal and investment in development , no output could be anticipated before the 21st century .
however , in the case of a more [large] discovery requiring greater appraisal and investment in development , no output could be anticipated before the 21st century .

Substantial funds are required to deal with domestic waste , clean up drinking and irrigation water supplies , and promote agricultural use of sewage sludge .
[large] funds are required to deal with domestic waste , clean up drinking and irrigation water supplies , and promote agricultural use of sewage sludge .

Schools would require substantial support in the training of facilitators and in the provision of school based inservice as well as on-going support and assistance throughout the process .
schools would require [large] support in the training of facilitators and in the provision of school based inservice as well as on-going support and assistance throughout the process .

As a sizable amount of the education budget is spent on school maintenance , repairs and cleaning , obviously the elimination of vandalism and litter would provide schools with substantial spending power .
as a sizable amount of the education budget is spent on school maintenance , repairs and cleaning , obviously the elimination of vandalism and litter would provide schools with [large] spending power .

Within the project a substantial survey was conducted , consulting with each diocese through Religious Education advisers , selected primary and secondary schools , individuals and groups of teachers , theologians and other interested parties .
within the project a [large] survey was conducted , consulting with each diocese through religious education advisers , selected primary and secondary schools , individuals and groups of teachers , theologians and other interested parties .

From the most general to the most specific levels of affinity these have been labelled ( i ) Sequential , ( ii ) Substantial , ( iii ) Integral , and ( iv ) Unitary affinity .
from the most general to the most specific levels of affinity these have been labelled ( i ) sequential , ( ii ) [large] , ( iii ) integral , and ( iv ) unitary affinity .

substantial and unitary levels , it need not necessarily be significant at intermediate levels .
[large] and unitary levels , it need not necessarily be significant at intermediate levels .

( ii ) Substantial .
( ii ) [large] .

2 . Substantial Affinity
2 . [large] affinity

One clear example of substantial affinity is apparent when considering some of the octagonal panelled designs discussed , briefly , above ( section 1.2 ) .
one clear example of [large] affinity is apparent when considering some of the octagonal panelled designs discussed , briefly , above ( section 1.2 ) .

It is the affinities which these mosaics share with the three other pavements in this group which are of immediate interest , hoc ever : these represent the main substantial affinities .
it is the affinities which these mosaics share with the three other pavements in this group which are of immediate interest , hoc ever : these represent the main [large] affinities .

substantial affinities : group ii of section 2.2 , above pp .
[large] affinities : group ii of section 2.2 , above pp .

Pavements possessing various arrangements of interlaced squares , however , do show general similarities of motif , and share particular structural characteristics , such as are indicative of a substantial relationship .
pavements possessing various arrangements of interlaced squares , however , do show general similarities of motif , and share particular structural characteristics , such as are indicative of a [large] relationship .

3 . Substantial Affinities
3 . [large] affinities

Interlaced Squares as a form of Substantial Affinity .
interlaced squares as a form of [large] affinity .

It would have been possible to have considered the Orpheus mosaics and a group of saltire mosaics , at the level of substantial affinity : in both instances there are similarities of content and decoration , where these similarities are not strong enough to suggest the presence of even a single craftsman who worked on more than one of the comparable mosaics .
it would have been possible to have considered the orpheus mosaics and a group of saltire mosaics , at the level of [large] affinity : in both instances there are similarities of content and decoration , where these similarities are not strong enough to suggest the presence of even a single craftsman who worked on more than one of the comparable mosaics .

In particular , the evidence suggests more numerous and more significant substantial affinities , and a dearth of the close but extensive relationships ( integral affinities ) which are usually indicative of `` schools ' of mosaicists .
in particular , the evidence suggests more numerous and more significant [large] affinities , and a dearth of the close but extensive relationships ( integral affinities ) which are usually indicative of `` schools ' of mosaicists .

As all of these mosaics are to be discussed as part of an examination of substantial affinities ( below , sections 3.4 and 3.5 ) it will suffice , here , to provide summary descriptions only .
as all of these mosaics are to be discussed as part of an examination of [large] affinities ( below , sections 3.4 and 3.5 ) it will suffice , here , to provide summary descriptions only .

He became the first Earl of Iveagh , and set up the Guinness and Iveagh Trusts which provided homes for the poor in Dublin and London , and made substantial contributions to Trinity College and Dublin hospitals .
he became the first earl of iveagh , and set up the guinness and iveagh trusts which provided homes for the poor in dublin and london , and made [large] contributions to trinity college and dublin hospitals .

Another powerful and general motivation for the interest in pragmatics is the growing realization that there is a very substantial gap between current linguistic theories of language and accounts of linguistic communication .
another powerful and general motivation for the interest in pragmatics is the growing realization that there is a very [large] gap between current linguistic theories of language and accounts of linguistic communication .

The substantial gap that remains to be bridged between a semantic theory ( together with a syntactic and phonological theory ) and a complete theory of linguistic communication will be demonstrated throughout this book .
the [large] gap that remains to be bridged between a semantic theory ( together with a syntactic and phonological theory ) and a complete theory of linguistic communication will be demonstrated throughout this book .

Thirdly , the notion of implicature seems likely to effect substantial simplifications in both the structure and the content of semantic descriptions .
thirdly , the notion of implicature seems likely to effect [large] simplifications in both the structure and the content of semantic descriptions .

As long as some specific predictive content can be given to the notion of implicature , this is a genuine and substantial solution to the sorts of problems we have just illustrated .
as long as some specific predictive content can be given to the notion of implicature , this is a genuine and [large] solution to the sorts of problems we have just illustrated .

Acid rain from the oil fires burning in Kuwait is threatening to cause substantial ecological damage in the Indian state of Jammu and Kashmir , according to a government report .
acid rain from the oil fires burning in kuwait is threatening to cause [large] ecological damage in the indian state of jammu and kashmir , according to a government report .

Greenpeace has described the Humber as the most polluted river in Britain and a substantial contributor to North Sea pollution .
greenpeace has described the humber as the most polluted river in britain and a [large] contributor to north sea pollution .

The advertising campaign backs up a strategy which includes the introduction of a toll system in built-up areas and substantial investment in public transport .
the advertising campaign backs up a strategy which includes the introduction of a toll system in built-up areas and [large] investment in public transport .

The University is also committing substantial funds to assist with automated cataloguing , in particular for the conversion of recent paper catalogues in the Bodleian , and is pursuing other aspects of library automation , to facilitate access to its collections .
the university is also committing [large] funds to assist with automated cataloguing , in particular for the conversion of recent paper catalogues in the bodleian , and is pursuing other aspects of library automation , to facilitate access to its collections .

Presidents Ford and Carter issued energy-saving orders which led to substantial savings by the federal government , the nation 's biggest energy consumer .
presidents ford and carter issued energy-saving orders which led to [large] savings by the federal government , the nation 's biggest energy consumer .

Claims that compact fluorescent light bulbs lead to substantial energy savings are misleading , according to a report published by a group of independent energy consultants .
claims that compact fluorescent light bulbs lead to [large] energy savings are misleading , according to a report published by a group of independent energy consultants .

The 47 wildlife trusts , the backbone of the British conservation movement , are anticipating a substantial loss in funding and influence .
the 47 wildlife trusts , the backbone of the british conservation movement , are anticipating a [large] loss in funding and influence .

In theory , it could be quite substantial .
in theory , it could be quite [large] .

The worst offenders are some of the Eastern European countries , who are unlikely to be able to make substantial financial contributions .
the worst offenders are some of the eastern european countries , who are unlikely to be able to make [large] financial contributions .

Progress on nuclear and conventional disarmament negotiations will mean substantial cuts in European — and especially British — defence spending , with many defence contracts being cancelled .
progress on nuclear and conventional disarmament negotiations will mean [large] cuts in european — and especially british — defence spending , with many defence contracts being cancelled .

Gifts to the college included a generous sum towards graduate scholarships from Rank Xerox , and a substantial contribution to the Margaret Thatcher Centre from Walter Annenberg .
gifts to the college included a generous sum towards graduate scholarships from rank xerox , and a [large] contribution to the margaret thatcher centre from walter annenberg .

Indeed , the style has its own charm , as when Whitelocke comments after the quaker , William Penn , had preached in his study that the congregation , although substantial , was ‘ the fewer because it was very wet ’ .
indeed , the style has its own charm , as when whitelocke comments after the quaker , william penn , had preached in his study that the congregation , although [large] , was ‘ the fewer because it was very wet ’ .

It is thus unlikely that the road would be constructed without substantial assistance from the Department of Transport .
it is thus unlikely that the road would be constructed without [large] assistance from the department of transport .

Geography is housed in its own substantial buildings close to the centre of the University , the libraries and the colleges .
geography is housed in its own [large] buildings close to the centre of the university , the libraries and the colleges .

It receives a substantial recurrent grant from the University , which covers its operational overheads .
it receives a [large] recurrent grant from the university , which covers its operational overheads .

The fourth year is spent entirely on thesis work , and the student writes a substantial account , which is submitted to two examiners .
the fourth year is spent entirely on thesis work , and the student writes a [large] account , which is submitted to two examiners .

Although environmentalists declared themselves disappointed at the outcome of the meeting , they acknowledged that substantial progress towards some form of comprehensive protection for Antarctica 's environment had been achieved .
although environmentalists declared themselves disappointed at the outcome of the meeting , they acknowledged that [large] progress towards some form of comprehensive protection for antarctica 's environment had been achieved .

The rivers irrigate three million acres of farmland , feed a huge commercial fishery , provide a shipping canal , support a substantial leisure industry and supply half of the area with electricity .
the rivers irrigate three million acres of farmland , feed a huge commercial fishery , provide a shipping canal , support a [large] leisure industry and supply half of the area with electricity .

Vitalii Chelyshev , member of the Supreme Soviet and key figure in the Soviet environment movement , has proposed that substantial tax concessions be offered to foreign companies developing green technology .
vitalii chelyshev , member of the supreme soviet and key figure in the soviet environment movement , has proposed that [large] tax concessions be offered to foreign companies developing green technology .

Proposed takeovers by companies listed on the London Stock Exchange are classified in the Yellow Book under Classes 1 – 4 , Super Class 1 , and very substantial acquisitions or reverse takeovers .
proposed takeovers by companies listed on the london stock exchange are classified in the yellow book under classes 1 – 4 , super class 1 , and very [large] acquisitions or reverse takeovers .

The Rules Governing Substantial Acquisitions of Shares , contained in the Blue Book .
the rules governing [large] acquisitions of shares , contained in the blue book .

The primary purpose of the SARs is to restrict the swift build-up of substantial stakes in a target company by dawn raids .
the primary purpose of the sars is to restrict the swift build-up of [large] stakes in a target company by dawn raids .

There may for some reason be a substantial delay between the date of the agreement and the grant of the lease during which time the tenant may wish to assign its interest in it .
there may for some reason be a [large] delay between the date of the agreement and the grant of the lease during which time the tenant may wish to assign its interest in it .

2.4.2 as may be [ reasonably ] required by the Architect provided that no modification shall be made pursuant to this clause 2.4.2 which would substantially alter the design layout nature capacity or standard of construction of the Premises as provided for in the Building Documents or substantially prejudice the use of the Premises for the purpose specified in the Lease It may be preferable to substitute the word `` materially `` for the word `` substantially `` in clause 2.4.2 as the latter suggests that some alteration less than substantial may be permitted but which could result in not inconsequential prejudice occurring to the design or use of the premises .
2.4.2 as may be [ reasonably ] required by the architect provided that no modification shall be made pursuant to this clause 2.4.2 which would substantially alter the design layout nature capacity or standard of construction of the premises as provided for in the building documents or substantially prejudice the use of the premises for the purpose specified in the lease it may be preferable to substitute the word `` materially `` for the word `` substantially `` in clause 2.4.2 as the latter suggests that some alteration less than [large] may be permitted but which could result in not inconsequential prejudice occurring to the design or use of the premises .

[ 4.1 ] The Landlord may at any time before the Certificate Date require the form of the Lease and the rights and obligations of the parties under it to be varied in such manner as the Landlord shall [ reasonably ] require to take account of any modifications made in accordance with clause 2.4 after the date of this agreement There is limited scope in this clause for substantial amendment to the form of the lease and as very few amendments are foreseeable , a tenant may be justified in deleting this provision , although clause 4.2 contains safeguards which make the clause tolerable if the landlord insists on its retention .
[ 4.1 ] the landlord may at any time before the certificate date require the form of the lease and the rights and obligations of the parties under it to be varied in such manner as the landlord shall [ reasonably ] require to take account of any modifications made in accordance with clause 2.4 after the date of this agreement there is limited scope in this clause for [large] amendment to the form of the lease and as very few amendments are foreseeable , a tenant may be justified in deleting this provision , although clause 4.2 contains safeguards which make the clause tolerable if the landlord insists on its retention .

Secondly , although the doctrine of frustration applies to agreements for lease , it would be only in quite exceptional circumstances where an agreement would be set aside on the grounds of frustration and it is suggested that the parties should provide in the agreement for either party to rescind the agreement in the event of substantial damage to the premises or the site prior to completion .
secondly , although the doctrine of frustration applies to agreements for lease , it would be only in quite exceptional circumstances where an agreement would be set aside on the grounds of frustration and it is suggested that the parties should provide in the agreement for either party to rescind the agreement in the event of [large] damage to the premises or the site prior to completion .

In the event of substantial damage to or destruction of the Site or the Premises or any part of the Site or the Premises however occasioned either party hereto may determine this agreement forthwith by serving notice to that effect on the other party and in such case this agreement shall ( without prejudice to any pre-existing right of action of either party in respect of any breach by the other of its obligations under this agreement ) immediately determine and cease to have effect and neither party shall be under any further liability to the other under this agreement and any dispute or difference between the parties as to what constitutes substantial damage or destruction for the purpose of this clause shall be decided by an independent Surveyor who shall act as an expert and who shall be appointed by the President for the time being of the Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors upon the application of either party
in the event of [large] damage to or destruction of the site or the premises or any part of the site or the premises however occasioned either party hereto may determine this agreement forthwith by serving notice to that effect on the other party and in such case this agreement shall ( without prejudice to any pre-existing right of action of either party in respect of any breach by the other of its obligations under this agreement ) immediately determine and cease to have effect and neither party shall be under any further liability to the other under this agreement and any dispute or difference between the parties as to what constitutes [large] damage or destruction for the purpose of this clause shall be decided by an independent surveyor who shall act as an expert and who shall be appointed by the president for the time being of the royal institution of chartered surveyors upon the application of either party

5.7.3 Without prejudice to the generality of the above to comply in all respects with the provisions of any statutes and other obligations imposed by law or by any byelaws applicable to the Premises or in regard to carrying on the trade or business for the time being carried on on the Premises It may be that clause 5.7.1 should , in certain circumstances , have the following proviso added : except where such compliance is within the ambit of the Landlord 's obligations contained in this Lease Almost all leases will contain a tenant 's covenant to comply with statutory obligations , which could involve fairly substantial capital expenditure .
5.7.3 without prejudice to the generality of the above to comply in all respects with the provisions of any statutes and other obligations imposed by law or by any byelaws applicable to the premises or in regard to carrying on the trade or business for the time being carried on on the premises it may be that clause 5.7.1 should , in certain circumstances , have the following proviso added : except where such compliance is within the ambit of the landlord 's obligations contained in this lease almost all leases will contain a tenant 's covenant to comply with statutory obligations , which could involve fairly [large] capital expenditure .

It has been suggested that where a tenant has had to make substantial alterations the court may force the landlord to make a contribution , but this is not to be relied upon .
it has been suggested that where a tenant has had to make [large] alterations the court may force the landlord to make a contribution , but this is not to be relied upon .

7.3 Details of the insurance Insurance shall be effected : 7.3.1 in such [ substantial and reputable ] insurance office or with such underwriters and through such agency as the Landlord may from time to time decide
7.3 details of the insurance insurance shall be effected : 7.3.1 in such [ [large] and reputable ] insurance office or with such underwriters and through such agency as the landlord may from time to time decide

7.3.1 in such substantial and reputable insurance office or with such underwriters and through such agency as the Landlord may from time to time reasonably decide in each case with principal offices in the United Kingdom
7.3.1 in such [large] and reputable insurance office or with such underwriters and through such agency as the landlord may from time to time reasonably decide in each case with principal offices in the united kingdom

However , whereas there is a well-established and substantial body of legal writing dealing with the drafting of other , perhaps more formal , legal documents , there has until recently been relatively little material which seeks to deal with the practical drafting of commercial contracts in general and with standard terms in particular .
however , whereas there is a well-established and [large] body of legal writing dealing with the drafting of other , perhaps more formal , legal documents , there has until recently been relatively little material which seeks to deal with the practical drafting of commercial contracts in general and with standard terms in particular .

There is , of course , a substantial , and growing , body of precedents which may be used by the drafter preparing a set of standard terms .
there is , of course , a [large] , and growing , body of precedents which may be used by the drafter preparing a set of standard terms .

Lord Dunpark 's interpretation would appear wide enough to cover all the five situations ( ( a ) — ( e ) ) described above ; the only possible exception would be where particular terms are altered , perhaps by word processor , for an individual contract , and the variation is substantial .
lord dunpark 's interpretation would appear wide enough to cover all the five situations ( ( a ) — ( e ) ) described above ; the only possible exception would be where particular terms are altered , perhaps by word processor , for an individual contract , and the variation is [large] .

In addition , it is obvious that it can not be relied on until there has been a substantial amount of trading between the same parties .
in addition , it is obvious that it can not be relied on until there has been a [large] amount of trading between the same parties .

When the purchase price includes fixtures or furniture , these should be specified in detail in the draft , and if their value is substantial it is sometimes useful to agree and state the value at which they should be taken in order to reduce the consideration , and the stamp duty payable thereon , in the ultimate conveyance or transfer of the property .
when the purchase price includes fixtures or furniture , these should be specified in detail in the draft , and if their value is [large] it is sometimes useful to agree and state the value at which they should be taken in order to reduce the consideration , and the stamp duty payable thereon , in the ultimate conveyance or transfer of the property .

( 10 ) If the property is leasehold : ( a ) please confirm that the seller has complied with all the covenants in the lease ; ( b ) does the seller know whether any items of substantial expenditure for decoration , maintenance or repair have been carried out by the lessors recently but not yet charged to tenants , or are any such contemplated in the near future ?
( 10 ) if the property is leasehold : ( a ) please confirm that the seller has complied with all the covenants in the lease ; ( b ) does the seller know whether any items of [large] expenditure for decoration , maintenance or repair have been carried out by the lessors recently but not yet charged to tenants , or are any such contemplated in the near future ?

When a road is taken over by the local authority there are usually substantial charges to be paid , but often , in the case of estate roads , the developers have accepted responsibility and entered into a bond with the local authority to secure their liability .
when a road is taken over by the local authority there are usually [large] charges to be paid , but often , in the case of estate roads , the developers have accepted responsibility and entered into a bond with the local authority to secure their liability .

Most transactions involve substantial numbers of tens of thousands of pounds and whether it is your firm or your employer 's firm , you must respect the large sums of money which any conveyancer is called upon to handle in every week of his working life .
most transactions involve [large] numbers of tens of thousands of pounds and whether it is your firm or your employer 's firm , you must respect the large sums of money which any conveyancer is called upon to handle in every week of his working life .

The Guidance tells us that interim orders represent a substantial , if temporary , intervention in the child 's life and `` should not be regarded as routine parts of an application for a full care or supervision order `` ( vol 1 , para 3.38 ) .
the guidance tells us that interim orders represent a [large] , if temporary , intervention in the child 's life and `` should not be regarded as routine parts of an application for a full care or supervision order `` ( vol 1 , para 3.38 ) .

If moving area , clients , though seemingly supportive , can often find that travel and lack of personal contact prove substantial disincentives to remaining with the solicitor .
if moving area , clients , though seemingly supportive , can often find that travel and lack of personal contact prove [large] disincentives to remaining with the solicitor .

The work of the secretary has been revolutionised by the advent of the word processor and secretaries are now far more able to take on a more substantial support role .
the work of the secretary has been revolutionised by the advent of the word processor and secretaries are now far more able to take on a more [large] support role .

Though the down side of uninsured loss recovery work is undoubtedly the proscribed costs where there is no personal injury element , a commitment to computerisation can mitigate the effects of that on the practice while giving the personal injury department a substantial boost .
though the down side of uninsured loss recovery work is undoubtedly the proscribed costs where there is no personal injury element , a commitment to computerisation can mitigate the effects of that on the practice while giving the personal injury department a [large] boost .

Nor can the solicitor discharge this responsibility by talking in vague terms of the risk of having to pay a `` substantial sum `` to the other side .
nor can the solicitor discharge this responsibility by talking in vague terms of the risk of having to pay a `` [large] sum `` to the other side .

Unusual or substantial disbursements should always be authorised specifically .
unusual or [large] disbursements should always be authorised specifically .

These necessary costs can be substantial and need to be paid as they arise .
these necessary costs can be [large] and need to be paid as they arise .

To widen its legal meaning in this way was `` a very substantial and serious misdirection `` .
to widen its legal meaning in this way was `` a very [large] and serious misdirection `` .

It protects the defendant in that it prevents the jury from speculating on the possible effect of adult literature on a young person who may just happen to see it , although it does not put the prosecution to proof that a majority , or even a substantial number , of readers would be adversely affected .
it protects the defendant in that it prevents the jury from speculating on the possible effect of adult literature on a young person who may just happen to see it , although it does not put the prosecution to proof that a majority , or even a [large] number , of readers would be adversely affected .

In this very substantial volume Professor Cureton presents an important new approach to the rhythmic analysis of poetry .
in this very [large] volume professor cureton presents an important new approach to the rhythmic analysis of poetry .

Current evidence suggests that this is primarily because of substantial leakage of endogenous protein into the gastrointestinal tract .
current evidence suggests that this is primarily because of [large] leakage of endogenous protein into the gastrointestinal tract .

Although the preparasitic larval requirements of the horse strongyles are similar to those of the trichostrongyles of ruminants , adult horses , unlike cattle , may carry substantial worm burdens and therefore have a considerable influence on the epidemiology of infection .
although the preparasitic larval requirements of the horse strongyles are similar to those of the trichostrongyles of ruminants , adult horses , unlike cattle , may carry [large] worm burdens and therefore have a considerable influence on the epidemiology of infection .

Although the finding of typical , oval , thin-shelled strongyle eggs on faecal examination may be a useful aid to diagnosis , it is important to remember that substantial worm burdens may be associated with faecal egg counts of only a few hundred epg , due either to low fecundity of adult worms or to the presence of many immature parasites .
although the finding of typical , oval , thin-shelled strongyle eggs on faecal examination may be a useful aid to diagnosis , it is important to remember that [large] worm burdens may be associated with faecal egg counts of only a few hundred epg , due either to low fecundity of adult worms or to the presence of many immature parasites .

In recently established infections the resting dog usually shows no clinical signs , but if a substantial number of worms is present the active animal will show tachypnoea , with a heavy productive cough , the sputum sometimes showing blood .
in recently established infections the resting dog usually shows no clinical signs , but if a [large] number of worms is present the active animal will show tachypnoea , with a heavy productive cough , the sputum sometimes showing blood .

The ballot showed substantial support for the attitude of the Labour and Liberal Parties towards foreign policy .
the ballot showed [large] support for the attitude of the labour and liberal parties towards foreign policy .

Herbert Morrison attacked the Club in the December 1938 London News : There is ample evidence that the Left Book Club , through its groups , has become a political movement with substantial money behind it , and that one of its main activities is in the direction of manipulating and controlling local Labour Parties .
herbert morrison attacked the club in the december 1938 london news : there is ample evidence that the left book club , through its groups , has become a political movement with [large] money behind it , and that one of its main activities is in the direction of manipulating and controlling local labour parties .

As he smiled with cool amusement — without denying it , she noted — Shiona added , ‘ However , what you said was not the truth . It was just a vicious slander , based on nothing more substantial than your obsessive dislike of me ! ’
as he smiled with cool amusement — without denying it , she noted — shiona added , ‘ however , what you said was not the truth . it was just a vicious slander , based on nothing more [large] than your obsessive dislike of me ! ’

Their main building was a substantial hangar which was guaranteed to withstand sustained winds of 120mph .
their main building was a [large] hangar which was guaranteed to withstand sustained winds of 120mph .

Export earnings for Scotch translate entirely into an equivalent trade surplus , whereas the other spirits , wines and beers sectors have minimal exports and , often , substantial imports .
export earnings for scotch translate entirely into an equivalent trade surplus , whereas the other spirits , wines and beers sectors have minimal exports and , often , [large] imports .

Hence , tax-induced price increases have a substantial effect in distorting consumer demand but are unable to maintain the real value of excise duty revenue from alcoholic drinks .
hence , tax-induced price increases have a [large] effect in distorting consumer demand but are unable to maintain the real value of excise duty revenue from alcoholic drinks .

It is an industry which , given fair tax treatment , has substantial opportunity for expansion at home and abroad .
it is an industry which , given fair tax treatment , has [large] opportunity for expansion at home and abroad .

The change has to be material , that is , substantial .
the change has to be material , that is , [large] .

Departments have agreed to notify the local planning authority of development proposals which are likely to be of special concern to the authority or to the public ; for example where there could be a very substantial effect on the character of a conservation area , or where there could be a significant planning impact , visually or otherwise , beyond the department 's own site .
departments have agreed to notify the local planning authority of development proposals which are likely to be of special concern to the authority or to the public ; for example where there could be a very [large] effect on the character of a conservation area , or where there could be a significant planning impact , visually or otherwise , beyond the department 's own site .

Except in relation to advertisements to which the deemed consent procedure applies , a local authority can serve a discontinuance order when it is satisfied that removal is necessary ‘ to remedy a substantial injury to the amenity of the locality or a danger to members of the public ’ .
except in relation to advertisements to which the deemed consent procedure applies , a local authority can serve a discontinuance order when it is satisfied that removal is necessary ‘ to remedy a [large] injury to the amenity of the locality or a danger to members of the public ’ .

The difference between these two values might be very substantial , particularly where development of a far more valuable character than had been anticipated in 1947 took place .
the difference between these two values might be very [large] , particularly where development of a far more valuable character than had been anticipated in 1947 took place .

( ii ) to secure that a substantial part of the development value created by the community returns to the community and that the burden of the cost of land for essential purposes is reduced .
( ii ) to secure that a [large] part of the development value created by the community returns to the community and that the burden of the cost of land for essential purposes is reduced .

This was necessary not only to secure that a substantial part of the development ‘ returned to the community ’ , but also to prevent a two-price system as existed under the 1954 Act .
this was necessary not only to secure that a [large] part of the development ‘ returned to the community ’ , but also to prevent a two-price system as existed under the 1954 act .

It also drew a graphic picture of the continuing loss of agricultural land , estimated at 144,000 acres a year , which if continued ‘ would imply a substantial reduction in the available agricultural land ’ .
it also drew a graphic picture of the continuing loss of agricultural land , estimated at 144,000 acres a year , which if continued ‘ would imply a [large] reduction in the available agricultural land ’ .

Times have changed , and a 1987 draft circular notes that ‘ at present , by contrast , there are substantial surpluses of the main agricultural products in western countries .
times have changed , and a 1987 draft circular notes that ‘ at present , by contrast , there are [large] surpluses of the main agricultural products in western countries .

Similarly , events arising out of long-standing difficulties would increase risk of depression : where , for instance , a husband left home after years of arguing and discord ; a child was arrested for burglary after a long history of behavioural problems at home and school ; or a substantial fine was incurred after a long period of extreme financial difficulty ( Brown et al .
similarly , events arising out of long-standing difficulties would increase risk of depression : where , for instance , a husband left home after years of arguing and discord ; a child was arrested for burglary after a long history of behavioural problems at home and school ; or a [large] fine was incurred after a long period of extreme financial difficulty ( brown et al .

There were also substantial group differences in parenting at the time of the interview .
there were also [large] group differences in parenting at the time of the interview .

However , a substantial minority ( 31 per cent ) of the ex-care women studied prospectively showed ‘ good ’ parenting ( Quinton et al .
however , a [large] minority ( 31 per cent ) of the ex-care women studied prospectively showed ‘ good ’ parenting ( quinton et al .

Furthermore , a longitudinal study which charted the progress of children in discordant homes , also reported by Rutter , documented the marked reduction in psychiatric risk which followed a substantial improvement in the home environment , when compared to the progress of children remaining in unhappy , quarrelsome homes .
furthermore , a longitudinal study which charted the progress of children in discordant homes , also reported by rutter , documented the marked reduction in psychiatric risk which followed a [large] improvement in the home environment , when compared to the progress of children remaining in unhappy , quarrelsome homes .

Of course , these straightforward ideas mask substantial ethical and practical problems associated with state interference in family life .
of course , these straightforward ideas mask [large] ethical and practical problems associated with state interference in family life .

The girl seemed likely to continue into adulthood with substantial social and emotional difficulties .
the girl seemed likely to continue into adulthood with [large] social and emotional difficulties .

Non-domestic rates are a substantial part of business taxation in the United Kingdom .
non-domestic rates are a [large] part of business taxation in the united kingdom .

However , substantial differences of method remain , many of which are based in law .
however , [large] differences of method remain , many of which are based in law .

18.7 ) , there can be substantial variations in the fraction of the flow that is turbulent ( Fig .
18.7 ) , there can be [large] variations in the fraction of the flow that is turbulent ( fig .

Although the viscous sub-layer is very thin , a substantial fraction of the total mean velocity change across the boundary layer occurs within it .
although the viscous sub-layer is very thin , a [large] fraction of the total mean velocity change across the boundary layer occurs within it .

In the case of time deposits , although private-sector deposits are the largest component , a substantial proportion are from the monetary sector : in other words , from other banks and other financial institutions .
in the case of time deposits , although private-sector deposits are the largest component , a [large] proportion are from the monetary sector : in other words , from other banks and other financial institutions .

What effect would a substantial increase in the sale of government bonds and Treasury bills have on interest rates ?
what effect would a [large] increase in the sale of government bonds and treasury bills have on interest rates ?

Firstly , there was substantial agreement ( with some sole practitioners dissenting ) that the cost of the inspection should be borne by the firm precipitating the visit and not by the profession as a whole .
firstly , there was [large] agreement ( with some sole practitioners dissenting ) that the cost of the inspection should be borne by the firm precipitating the visit and not by the profession as a whole .

There was substantial agreement for this suggestion within every category of respondent , the strongest support ( over 70 % ) coming from sole practitioners .
there was [large] agreement for this suggestion within every category of respondent , the strongest support ( over 70 % ) coming from sole practitioners .

In contrast , two partner firms , ‘ others ’ and local law societies were largely opposed to untargetted capping , the latter by a substantial majority .
in contrast , two partner firms , ‘ others ’ and local law societies were largely opposed to untargetted capping , the latter by a [large] majority .

The consignment was substantial , at least two donkey-loads .
the consignment was [large] , at least two donkey-loads .

While , admittedly , these were not normally conspicuous in the case of women , for Zeinab they were substantial .
while , admittedly , these were not normally conspicuous in the case of women , for zeinab they were [large] .

Damage due to phloem feeders can also be substantial ; leaf feeders can be miners or raspers ; there can be root feeders e.g .
damage due to phloem feeders can also be [large] ; leaf feeders can be miners or raspers ; there can be root feeders e.g .

and in 15 other genera of Bignoniaceae , and the nectar may make up substantial parts of the ant diet as in the case of the extrafloral nectar of Caularthron bilamellatum ( Orchidaceae ) of Central America , which comprises up to 48 % of the associated ants ' diet at some times of the year .
and in 15 other genera of bignoniaceae , and the nectar may make up [large] parts of the ant diet as in the case of the extrafloral nectar of caularthron bilamellatum ( orchidaceae ) of central america , which comprises up to 48 % of the associated ants ' diet at some times of the year .

Throughout the year there has been a growing realisation that Scotland 's future economic prospects will be influenced to a substantial degree by the economic and political realignment which is taking place in Continental Europe .
throughout the year there has been a growing realisation that scotland 's future economic prospects will be influenced to a [large] degree by the economic and political realignment which is taking place in continental europe .

Implementation of the Uniform Business Rate in England and Wales has confirmed the substantial disincentive to business development represented by overtaxation of non-domestic ratepayers .
implementation of the uniform business rate in england and wales has confirmed the [large] disincentive to business development represented by overtaxation of non-domestic ratepayers .

The substantial lunch sent Leonora to sleep in the car on the next stage of the journey .
the [large] lunch sent leonora to sleep in the car on the next stage of the journey .

‘ Leaving you a substantial sum of money — millions , probably — and a new position .
‘ leaving you a [large] sum of money — millions , probably — and a new position .

She was determined that it was n't he who had affected her appetite either , and went down to dinner that night and ate quite a substantial meal , only to return to her room and spend the next hour again having trouble ousting the wretched man .
she was determined that it was n't he who had affected her appetite either , and went down to dinner that night and ate quite a [large] meal , only to return to her room and spend the next hour again having trouble ousting the wretched man .

This is why substantial vertical exaggeration must nearly always be employed in the depiction of extensive areas of relief in cross-section ( Fig .
this is why [large] vertical exaggeration must nearly always be employed in the depiction of extensive areas of relief in cross-section ( fig .

True intra-plate rifts , such as the East African Rift System , are characterized by prolonged volcanism and typically exhibit 1–2 km of down-faulting along the crest of substantial crustal upwarps .
true intra-plate rifts , such as the east african rift system , are characterized by prolonged volcanism and typically exhibit 1–2 km of down-faulting along the crest of [large] crustal upwarps .

For documents with a more substantial information or evidential content , as the usage rates fall our record may be moved offline , but the retrieval and control information about it will remain accessible online in summary form .
for documents with a more [large] information or evidential content , as the usage rates fall our record may be moved offline , but the retrieval and control information about it will remain accessible online in summary form .

Approaches that were fine for controlling informal e-mail with a status comparable to a telephone chat , are often failing to manage substantial volumes of prime electronic records resources adequately .
approaches that were fine for controlling informal e-mail with a status comparable to a telephone chat , are often failing to manage [large] volumes of prime electronic records resources adequately .

In an electronic database , information appears to be a single document , form or table , when in fact it may be spread over different files , databases or in a truly distributed application , over several organisations and dispersed locations … Therefore , some of the tools developed in paper — based records management need substantial rethinking and extensions if they are to be effective in the context of electronic records management .
in an electronic database , information appears to be a single document , form or table , when in fact it may be spread over different files , databases or in a truly distributed application , over several organisations and dispersed locations … therefore , some of the tools developed in paper — based records management need [large] rethinking and extensions if they are to be effective in the context of electronic records management .

This may have been fine for early disposable e-mail , but as office systems of all kinds have developed into tools to create , store , retrieve and delete the only copy of more substantial record types , it is necessary to institute more organised retention methods .
this may have been fine for early disposable e-mail , but as office systems of all kinds have developed into tools to create , store , retrieve and delete the only copy of more [large] record types , it is necessary to institute more organised retention methods .

Software represents a substantial human endeavour , and the intellectual , economic and material resources involved in its production and distribution represent a major technological movement .
software represents a [large] human endeavour , and the intellectual , economic and material resources involved in its production and distribution represent a major technological movement .

The development of simulations and emulations is technically promising but the necessary skills-levels are high and the financial implications of programming , development , and verification , are substantial .
the development of simulations and emulations is technically promising but the necessary skills-levels are high and the financial implications of programming , development , and verification , are [large] .

We receive it free of charge , but pay a substantial sum for jacketing the fiche .
we receive it free of charge , but pay a [large] sum for jacketing the fiche .

Still , there is a substantial difference between the sort of agricultural economy in which sales to the wider world are marginal or optional , and the sort whose fortunes depend on them ; between — to put it another way — those haunted by the spectre of a bad harvest and consequent famine , and those haunted by its opposite , overproduction or sudden competition and a collapse of prices .
still , there is a [large] difference between the sort of agricultural economy in which sales to the wider world are marginal or optional , and the sort whose fortunes depend on them ; between — to put it another way — those haunted by the spectre of a bad harvest and consequent famine , and those haunted by its opposite , overproduction or sudden competition and a collapse of prices .

Population movements and industrialisation go together , for the modern economic development of the world both required substantial shifts of people , made it technically easier and cheaper by means of new and improved communications , and of course enabled the world to maintain a much larger population .
population movements and industrialisation go together , for the modern economic development of the world both required [large] shifts of people , made it technically easier and cheaper by means of new and improved communications , and of course enabled the world to maintain a much larger population .

Still , their very size guaranteed that they also contained a very large number and substantial proportion of the middle and lower middle classes — say between 20 and 23 per cent in both London and Paris .
still , their very size guaranteed that they also contained a very large number and [large] proportion of the middle and lower middle classes — say between 20 and 23 per cent in both london and paris .

That covered a varying , though substantial , part of the working class — perhaps by the end of our period some 40 per cent in Britain .
that covered a varying , though [large] , part of the working class — perhaps by the end of our period some 40 per cent in britain .

Less self-satisfied social reformers , while not denying improvement — in the case of the elite of workers whose relative scarcity of qualifications put them into a fairly continuous sellers ' market , the substantial improvement — gave a less rose-tinted picture :
less self-satisfied social reformers , while not denying improvement — in the case of the elite of workers whose relative scarcity of qualifications put them into a fairly continuous sellers ' market , the [large] improvement — gave a less rose-tinted picture :

Not to any substantial extent , it would seem , though in theory nothing prevented social ascent .
not to any [large] extent , it would seem , though in theory nothing prevented social ascent .

The economic advantages of a large family or an interlocking connection of families were of course still substantial .
the economic advantages of a large family or an interlocking connection of families were of course still [large] .

But it must be added that as the profits rolled in — and they were very substantial in our period — the temptation of decorations , titles , intermarriage with the nobility and in general an aristocratic life style was not often resisted by the rich .
but it must be added that as the profits rolled in — and they were very [large] in our period — the temptation of decorations , titles , intermarriage with the nobility and in general an aristocratic life style was not often resisted by the rich .

But the mid-nineteenth-century bourgeoisie was divided on the nature of that inferiority of the lower classes about which there was no substantial disagreement , though attempts had to be made to distinguish , within the subaltern mass , between those who might be expected to rise into , at least , the respectable lower middle class and those who were beyond redemption .
but the mid-nineteenth-century bourgeoisie was divided on the nature of that inferiority of the lower classes about which there was no [large] disagreement , though attempts had to be made to distinguish , within the subaltern mass , between those who might be expected to rise into , at least , the respectable lower middle class and those who were beyond redemption .

This does not mean that conventional men of intelligence and ability thought that either science or society had solved all problems , though in some respects , such as those which concerned the basic pattern of an economy and the basic pattern of the physical universe , some very able ones felt that all substantial ones had been solved .
this does not mean that conventional men of intelligence and ability thought that either science or society had solved all problems , though in some respects , such as those which concerned the basic pattern of an economy and the basic pattern of the physical universe , some very able ones felt that all [large] ones had been solved .

Nevertheless , the models of chemistry remained rather imperfect , and substantial advances in understanding them were made in the third quarter of the nineteenth century .
nevertheless , the models of chemistry remained rather imperfect , and [large] advances in understanding them were made in the third quarter of the nineteenth century .

Keynes claimed that , even if the labour market were competitive , the real wage rate would not fall in the presence of a substantial excess supply of labour .
keynes claimed that , even if the labour market were competitive , the real wage rate would not fall in the presence of a [large] excess supply of labour .

Keynes was nevertheless very cautious in accepting the phenomenon of diminishing marginal costs as a general characteristic even of an economy experiencing substantial levels of unemployment .
keynes was nevertheless very cautious in accepting the phenomenon of diminishing marginal costs as a general characteristic even of an economy experiencing [large] levels of unemployment .

On the other hand if it is perceived to be temporary , the effects on the supply of labour in the short run are likely to be substantial .
on the other hand if it is perceived to be temporary , the effects on the supply of labour in the short run are likely to be [large] .

Therefore , the plaintiff 's solicitor should , in any case involving substantial injury and continuing disability , attempt to agree to disclose his reports on the basis of mutual exchange for the defendant 's reports .
therefore , the plaintiff 's solicitor should , in any case involving [large] injury and continuing disability , attempt to agree to disclose his reports on the basis of mutual exchange for the defendant 's reports .

Where the fund of damages is likely to be substantial , including future nursing costs and the like as well as loss of earnings , an accountant 's evidence can help the court to decide the multiplier , as well as the multiplicand , for example in the case of a one-man business where the accountant has been concerned with the accounts over a number of years and is in a position to give an expert opinion as to the future prospects of the business .
where the fund of damages is likely to be [large] , including future nursing costs and the like as well as loss of earnings , an accountant 's evidence can help the court to decide the multiplier , as well as the multiplicand , for example in the case of a one-man business where the accountant has been concerned with the accounts over a number of years and is in a position to give an expert opinion as to the future prospects of the business .

The second is that the plaintiff is unlikely to recover substantial damages .
the second is that the plaintiff is unlikely to recover [large] damages .

1.58 It is not enough for the defendant to argue that he denies liability or denies a conviction in his defence ; he must also show that his grounds for doing so are sufficiently strong to put the plaintiff at risk of either complete or substantial failure at trial or that , on the face of it , the plaintiff 's claim is not worth very much even on full liability .
1.58 it is not enough for the defendant to argue that he denies liability or denies a conviction in his defence ; he must also show that his grounds for doing so are sufficiently strong to put the plaintiff at risk of either complete or [large] failure at trial or that , on the face of it , the plaintiff 's claim is not worth very much even on full liability .

It is also difficult to obtain insurance cover in substantial amounts to cover this type of liability .
it is also difficult to obtain insurance cover in [large] amounts to cover this type of liability .

Equally , where a young solicitor replaces a retired senior partner whose profit share was substantial , increased shares may be awarded to the continuing partners .
equally , where a young solicitor replaces a retired senior partner whose profit share was [large] , increased shares may be awarded to the continuing partners .

The evidence suggested that Bridge had worked in only one of the departments of what was a very substantial firm and had had no professional contact with the work of other departments .
the evidence suggested that bridge had worked in only one of the departments of what was a very [large] firm and had had no professional contact with the work of other departments .

Bernstein and Reynolds prefer rent reviews to be conducted as arbitrations , and that appears also to be the preference of the property community where the rent is substantial .
bernstein and reynolds prefer rent reviews to be conducted as arbitrations , and that appears also to be the preference of the property community where the rent is [large] .

On a commercial note , it may well be that the insertion of a landlord 's break will reduce the market rent obtainable for the property , a fact which will doubtless manifest itself at the time of the first rent review after the landlord 's power to break has become exercisable . Example 3:7 Landlord 's power to break ( 1 ) The landlord shall be entitled to determine this tenancy by not less than six months ' notice in writing expiring on or after [ date ] if he intends at the expiry of such notice either : ( a ) to demolish or reconstruct the demised property or a substantial part of it or to carry out substantial work of construction on the demised property or part of it ; or ( b ) to occupy the demised property for the purposes or partly for the purposes of a business to be carried on by him ( 2 ) The service of a notice under s25 of the Landlord and Tenant Act 1954 shall be sufficient notice and good service for the purposes of the preceding subclause Example 3:8 Tenant 's power to break on refusal of planning permission The tenant shall be entitled to determine this tenancy by not less than three nor more than six months ' notice in writing served not more than one month after the happening of any of the following events : ( 1 ) the refusal or deemed refusal by the local planning authority to renew the planning permission dated [ date ] permitting the use of the demised property for ; ( 2 ) the dismissal by the Secretary of State or an appointed person of any appeal against any such refusal ; ( 3 ) the expiry of the said planning permission Example 3:9 Tenant 's right to break preventing exercise of rights under Landlord and Tenant Act The tenant shall be entitled to determine this tenancy on … by giving not less than thirteen months ' previous notice to that effect Example 3:10 Tenant 's conditional right to break The tenant shall be entitled to determine this tenancy on … if : ( 1 ) he gives thirteen months ' written notice to that effect ; and ( 2 ) both at the date of the notice and at the date of its expiry there are neither any outstanding arrears of rent nor any subsisting breach of covenant by the tenant for which the landlord would be entitled to recover damages of more than a nominal amount
on a commercial note , it may well be that the insertion of a landlord 's break will reduce the market rent obtainable for the property , a fact which will doubtless manifest itself at the time of the first rent review after the landlord 's power to break has become exercisable . example 3:7 landlord 's power to break ( 1 ) the landlord shall be entitled to determine this tenancy by not less than six months ' notice in writing expiring on or after [ date ] if he intends at the expiry of such notice either : ( a ) to demolish or reconstruct the demised property or a [large] part of it or to carry out [large] work of construction on the demised property or part of it ; or ( b ) to occupy the demised property for the purposes or partly for the purposes of a business to be carried on by him ( 2 ) the service of a notice under s25 of the landlord and tenant act 1954 shall be sufficient notice and good service for the purposes of the preceding subclause example 3:8 tenant 's power to break on refusal of planning permission the tenant shall be entitled to determine this tenancy by not less than three nor more than six months ' notice in writing served not more than one month after the happening of any of the following events : ( 1 ) the refusal or deemed refusal by the local planning authority to renew the planning permission dated [ date ] permitting the use of the demised property for ; ( 2 ) the dismissal by the secretary of state or an appointed person of any appeal against any such refusal ; ( 3 ) the expiry of the said planning permission example 3:9 tenant 's right to break preventing exercise of rights under landlord and tenant act the tenant shall be entitled to determine this tenancy on … by giving not less than thirteen months ' previous notice to that effect example 3:10 tenant 's conditional right to break the tenant shall be entitled to determine this tenancy on … if : ( 1 ) he gives thirteen months ' written notice to that effect ; and ( 2 ) both at the date of the notice and at the date of its expiry there are neither any outstanding arrears of rent nor any subsisting breach of covenant by the tenant for which the landlord would be entitled to recover damages of more than a nominal amount

Where the tenant 's business includes a substantial number of transactions in which he gives credit to his customers the draftsman will have to consider whether the amount of the transaction should be brought into account at the time of the transaction or at the time of payment ; whether interest payments are to be included in the calculation of turnover and whether the tenant is to have an allowance for bad debts .
where the tenant 's business includes a [large] number of transactions in which he gives credit to his customers the draftsman will have to consider whether the amount of the transaction should be brought into account at the time of the transaction or at the time of payment ; whether interest payments are to be included in the calculation of turnover and whether the tenant is to have an allowance for bad debts .

The premium may be a payment in cash or a payment in kind ( such as the carrying out of substantial repairs or improvements ) .
the premium may be a payment in cash or a payment in kind ( such as the carrying out of [large] repairs or improvements ) .

In view of the substantial amount of time and effort involved in a buy-out , it is essential that , wherever possible , the commitment of the vendor is obtained as soon as possible .
in view of the [large] amount of time and effort involved in a buy-out , it is essential that , wherever possible , the commitment of the vendor is obtained as soon as possible .

If there is not to be a substantial gain realised on the sale of Target , it may be advantageous if management vendors sell for cash and obtain interest relief on new borrowings to invest in the buy-out ( see 4.4 below ) , rather than effect a share-for-share or share-for-debenture exchange .
if there is not to be a [large] gain realised on the sale of target , it may be advantageous if management vendors sell for cash and obtain interest relief on new borrowings to invest in the buy-out ( see 4.4 below ) , rather than effect a share-for-share or share-for-debenture exchange .

Secondly , step ( 4 ) above should be implemented before step ( 5 ) so that at the time management subscribes the substantial part of their shares in Newco , in respect of which they have taken out loans to defray the cost of acquisition , Newco will already control Target by virtue of its contractual entitlement to acquire it ; if , in practice , steps ( 3 ) to ( 5 ) occur on the same day , board minutes and other records should show that events took place in the correct order .
secondly , step ( 4 ) above should be implemented before step ( 5 ) so that at the time management subscribes the [large] part of their shares in newco , in respect of which they have taken out loans to defray the cost of acquisition , newco will already control target by virtue of its contractual entitlement to acquire it ; if , in practice , steps ( 3 ) to ( 5 ) occur on the same day , board minutes and other records should show that events took place in the correct order .

Vendors who are selling at a substantial price ( including an element for goodwill ) , which has been agreed between the parties on the basis of certain assumptions made by the purchasers regarding the business , are compensated for any risk that they will be asked to take .
vendors who are selling at a [large] price ( including an element for goodwill ) , which has been agreed between the parties on the basis of certain assumptions made by the purchasers regarding the business , are compensated for any risk that they will be asked to take .

( 9 ) Substantial transactions with directors .
( 9 ) [large] transactions with directors .

It should be noted that substantial acquisitions of public company shares as well as takeovers are governed by the City Code on Takeovers and Mergers ( `` the Code `` ) .
it should be noted that [large] acquisitions of public company shares as well as takeovers are governed by the city code on takeovers and mergers ( `` the code `` ) .

Substantial transactions with directors
[large] transactions with directors

The two negative requirements are that the agreement must not impose on the undertakings concerned restrictions which are not indispensable to the attainment of the first two criteria and that it must not afford the undertakings concerned the possibility of eliminating competition in respect of a substantial part of the products in question .
the two negative requirements are that the agreement must not impose on the undertakings concerned restrictions which are not indispensable to the attainment of the first two criteria and that it must not afford the undertakings concerned the possibility of eliminating competition in respect of a [large] part of the products in question .

Article 86 provides that : any abuse by one or more undertakings of a dominant position within the common market or a substantial part of it shall be prohibited as incompatible with the common market insofar as it may affect trade between Member States .
article 86 provides that : any abuse by one or more undertakings of a dominant position within the common market or a [large] part of it shall be prohibited as incompatible with the common market insofar as it may affect trade between member states .

It is widely thought that substantial additional amounts were exported illegally to countries in Eastern Europe and the Third World .
it is widely thought that [large] additional amounts were exported illegally to countries in eastern europe and the third world .

The countries are hopeful that a commitment of substantial financial aid will take the heat out of demands by six southern African states for the resumption of controlled ivory trading , the profits of which , the southern Africans claim , would help to fund further conservation measures .
the countries are hopeful that a commitment of [large] financial aid will take the heat out of demands by six southern african states for the resumption of controlled ivory trading , the profits of which , the southern africans claim , would help to fund further conservation measures .

Amsterdam has substantial parking problems and suffers chronic congestion and pollution .
amsterdam has [large] parking problems and suffers chronic congestion and pollution .

Industrialists have opposed the plan , arguing that it will lead to substantial cost increases which will have to be passed on to the consumer .
industrialists have opposed the plan , arguing that it will lead to [large] cost increases which will have to be passed on to the consumer .

In some areas the cost of improving water quality could be substantial , the paper says , and it is likely to have an impact on investment , employment and on prices paid by consumers .
in some areas the cost of improving water quality could be [large] , the paper says , and it is likely to have an impact on investment , employment and on prices paid by consumers .

Government-sponsored grants to British farmers to promote environmentally friendly land management are providing a substantial contribution to their incomes and more than offset losses resulting from less intensive agriculture .
government-sponsored grants to british farmers to promote environmentally friendly land management are providing a [large] contribution to their incomes and more than offset losses resulting from less intensive agriculture .

An internal memo by a senior employee at the Rocky Flats plant in Colorado has disclosed that substantial amounts of highly radioactive plutonium are stored in unsafe or untested containers and in unstable condition and are not suitably protected against fire .
an internal memo by a senior employee at the rocky flats plant in colorado has disclosed that [large] amounts of highly radioactive plutonium are stored in unsafe or untested containers and in unstable condition and are not suitably protected against fire .

The practice of cutting wood for cooking fires has led to substantial deforestation and resultant soil erosion .
the practice of cutting wood for cooking fires has led to [large] deforestation and resultant soil erosion .

The Czechoslovak Environment Minister , Ivan Dejmal , said it would need substantial aid from the European Community and other foreign sources .
the czechoslovak environment minister , ivan dejmal , said it would need [large] aid from the european community and other foreign sources .

Mexico 's state oil consortium , Pemex , is carrying out exploratory drilling in the vicinity of Ococingo and El Cantil , in the expectation of substantial finds .
mexico 's state oil consortium , pemex , is carrying out exploratory drilling in the vicinity of ococingo and el cantil , in the expectation of [large] finds .

Hobson says that his section failed to meet 25 per cent of its targets last year , and added that `` unless substantial additional resources can be made available over the next three years , something will have to give — either substantial slippage on the Environment Protection Act timetable ( which the Director does not recommend ) or opting out of policy development issues ( not easy where there are public commitments or international pressures ) `` .
hobson says that his section failed to meet 25 per cent of its targets last year , and added that `` unless [large] additional resources can be made available over the next three years , something will have to give — either [large] slippage on the environment protection act timetable ( which the director does not recommend ) or opting out of policy development issues ( not easy where there are public commitments or international pressures ) `` .

The court ruling in a suit brought by the Fund for Animals and other groups against the Interior Department means that the department 's Fish and Wildlife Service has agreed by September 1996 to propose for listing 400 species for which there is substantial evidence of the need for protection .
the court ruling in a suit brought by the fund for animals and other groups against the interior department means that the department 's fish and wildlife service has agreed by september 1996 to propose for listing 400 species for which there is [large] evidence of the need for protection .

Observers have pointed out that the Gabcikovo power plant could only be economically viable if a substantial amount of water is diverted .
observers have pointed out that the gabcikovo power plant could only be economically viable if a [large] amount of water is diverted .

In addition to the prohibitive cost , it was feared that transferring the relatively acidic water of the north-west to the chalk rivers of south-east England could cause substantial ecological damage .
in addition to the prohibitive cost , it was feared that transferring the relatively acidic water of the north-west to the chalk rivers of south-east england could cause [large] ecological damage .

Government revenue was such that not only was it possible to sustain and indeed expand expenditure on the national health serve , it was possible to do so without substantial increases in taxation .
government revenue was such that not only was it possible to sustain and indeed expand expenditure on the national health serve , it was possible to do so without [large] increases in taxation .

Nonetheless , judges retain the power to distinguish cases and by their interpretation they can develop a substantial body of case law .
nonetheless , judges retain the power to distinguish cases and by their interpretation they can develop a [large] body of case law .

Only after the mysterious mass extinction of the dinosaurs about 65 million years ago were our ancestors able to emerge into the daylight in any substantial numbers .
only after the mysterious mass extinction of the dinosaurs about 65 million years ago were our ancestors able to emerge into the daylight in any [large] numbers .

In addition , the current recession may have diverted the union response towards a defensive approach , while undermining the ability of unions to gain substantial increases in their involvement in decision making over new technology areas which managers may defend as their own prerogative .
in addition , the current recession may have diverted the union response towards a defensive approach , while undermining the ability of unions to gain [large] increases in their involvement in decision making over new technology areas which managers may defend as their own prerogative .

In the case of wind machines , for example , larger machines are more cost-effective in terms of wind energy collection but mass production of smaller units may offer substantial economies of manufacturing scale .
in the case of wind machines , for example , larger machines are more cost-effective in terms of wind energy collection but mass production of smaller units may offer [large] economies of manufacturing scale .

These vignettes are untitled , are seldom over 150 words long and are often simply wedged between the more substantial short stories in the collection .
these vignettes are untitled , are seldom over 150 words long and are often simply wedged between the more [large] short stories in the collection .

There are a number of substantial differences between the texts , many of which are highly illuminating .
there are a number of [large] differences between the texts , many of which are highly illuminating .

There was also substantial cross-group agreement on the selection of this feature , with most groups arguing that the 'summarising `` nature of this sentence made it a strong candidate for an opening to the story .
there was also [large] cross-group agreement on the selection of this feature , with most groups arguing that the 'summarising `` nature of this sentence made it a strong candidate for an opening to the story .

This peripatetic life gave way to the more settled communities of Neolithic farmers , and by the time of the Bronze Age their hut circles had become substantial enough for the foundations , post-holes and fragments of stone wall to survive into our own time .
this peripatetic life gave way to the more settled communities of neolithic farmers , and by the time of the bronze age their hut circles had become [large] enough for the foundations , post-holes and fragments of stone wall to survive into our own time .

The Romans left fewer substantial marks on what they called Caledonia than they did on southern Britain , largely because so many of their attempts to establish regional centres collapsed when they were recalled to deal with unrest in southern Britain , or even back to Continental Europe and to Rome itself .
the romans left fewer [large] marks on what they called caledonia than they did on southern britain , largely because so many of their attempts to establish regional centres collapsed when they were recalled to deal with unrest in southern britain , or even back to continental europe and to rome itself .

Although hinds and their bondagers occupied more substantial cottages , their own tenancy was comparatively brief , so there was little incentive for either them or their employer to undertake any improvements to the accommodation .
although hinds and their bondagers occupied more [large] cottages , their own tenancy was comparatively brief , so there was little incentive for either them or their employer to undertake any improvements to the accommodation .

There are other substantial ones at Athelstaneford and the village of Dirleton with its attractive houses around wide greens , preserving the medieval shape of the community if not its original buildings , other than the imposing baronial castle .
there are other [large] ones at athelstaneford and the village of dirleton with its attractive houses around wide greens , preserving the medieval shape of the community if not its original buildings , other than the imposing baronial castle .

One substantial surviving tower house , about five miles north-east of Sir Walter Scott 's grave in Dryburgh abbey , is that of Smailholm :
one [large] surviving tower house , about five miles north-east of sir walter scott 's grave in dryburgh abbey , is that of smailholm :

Brownlow was felt by many in the group to be typical of government sponsored community economic development initiatives in that it was unrepresentative of local people in so far as local people felt excluded from the processes that were happening , even though substantial resources were being made available through the initiative .
brownlow was felt by many in the group to be typical of government sponsored community economic development initiatives in that it was unrepresentative of local people in so far as local people felt excluded from the processes that were happening , even though [large] resources were being made available through the initiative .

It was agreed that there needed to be substantial funding restored to both the Housing Executive and health service budget to improve the services they provide and to combat the ever increasing problems which are besetting our community .
it was agreed that there needed to be [large] funding restored to both the housing executive and health service budget to improve the services they provide and to combat the ever increasing problems which are besetting our community .

There needs to be a substantial change in government policy towards service organisations .
there needs to be a [large] change in government policy towards service organisations .

In addition there will be substantial extra space for other departments of the Museum , and improved visitor facilities .
in addition there will be [large] extra space for other departments of the museum , and improved visitor facilities .

Caerleon , the legionary fortress of Isca , boasts the atmospheric remains of a Roman amphitheatre and baths complex , whilst in the beautiful Wye Valley can be found the substantial ruins of Tintern Abbey and Chepstow Castle .
caerleon , the legionary fortress of isca , boasts the atmospheric remains of a roman amphitheatre and baths complex , whilst in the beautiful wye valley can be found the [large] ruins of tintern abbey and chepstow castle .

Any substantial quantity of moisture forced out of the cheese when it is subjected to heat may spoil the consistency of a dish , making it watery .
any [large] quantity of moisture forced out of the cheese when it is subjected to heat may spoil the consistency of a dish , making it watery .

The makings of a quite substantial tomato salad mystique are scattered around waiting to be gathered up by some enterprising buyer who will get the produce flown in from Barcelona or Marseilles , Naples , Valencia or even possibly from Portugal , where the tomatoes are as good and plentiful as anywhere in Mediterranean lands .
the makings of a quite [large] tomato salad mystique are scattered around waiting to be gathered up by some enterprising buyer who will get the produce flown in from barcelona or marseilles , naples , valencia or even possibly from portugal , where the tomatoes are as good and plentiful as anywhere in mediterranean lands .

Readers interested in more than the bare formula of a dish will appreciate the charming , simple and well explained recipe below . Apart from the eighteenth-century country house atmosphere evoked by the writing , we get also a very clear picture of the manner in which these potted meats were presented and a substantial hint as to the devising of other permutations and combinations of poultry , game and meat for potting :
readers interested in more than the bare formula of a dish will appreciate the charming , simple and well explained recipe below . apart from the eighteenth-century country house atmosphere evoked by the writing , we get also a very clear picture of the manner in which these potted meats were presented and a [large] hint as to the devising of other permutations and combinations of poultry , game and meat for potting :

Teachers spend a substantial amount of time giving explanations .
teachers spend a [large] amount of time giving explanations .

Nevertheless , we should not lose sight of the fact that even such relatively immature communicators in terms of message evaluation — as the seven-year-olds are able to progress with a substantial degree of success given the opportunity to use their negotiating powers .
nevertheless , we should not lose sight of the fact that even such relatively immature communicators in terms of message evaluation — as the seven-year-olds are able to progress with a [large] degree of success given the opportunity to use their negotiating powers .

The success of `` East Coker `` emphasized what the critics had been saying since the publication of the Collected Poems four years before : Eliot was the most substantial , if no longer the most startling , poet writing in English .
the success of `` east coker `` emphasized what the critics had been saying since the publication of the collected poems four years before : eliot was the most [large] , if no longer the most startling , poet writing in english .

It was to be his last substantial prose work , the final fruit of the project which he had been contemplating since the middle of the Second World War .
it was to be his last [large] prose work , the final fruit of the project which he had been contemplating since the middle of the second world war .

But he was a genuine West Worcestershire man , and the City of Worcester with its tall cathedral tower , its county cricket ground beside the steep-banked Severn , and its chocolate and cream Great Western trains arriving at Shrub Hill Station from Paddington , was the centre of some substantial part of his life .
but he was a genuine west worcestershire man , and the city of worcester with its tall cathedral tower , its county cricket ground beside the steep-banked severn , and its chocolate and cream great western trains arriving at shrub hill station from paddington , was the centre of some [large] part of his life .

He had two substantial houses ( in London he lived at 27 Queen 's Gate until 1913 , when he bought 93 Eaton Square , a still larger house with — an uncharacteristic touch for Baldwin — a more fashionable address ) and plenty of money with which to run them and do anything else he wanted .
he had two [large] houses ( in london he lived at 27 queen 's gate until 1913 , when he bought 93 eaton square , a still larger house with — an uncharacteristic touch for baldwin — a more fashionable address ) and plenty of money with which to run them and do anything else he wanted .

Baldwin had the support of the Chief Whip ( Leslie Wilson ) ; the Chairman of the Party ( Younger ) ; the Chief Agent ; Salisbury and Derby , the Party 's two principal territorial magnates , although the latter as always was a little hesitant ; the majority of Conservative junior ministers ; a substantial but uncounted number of backbenchers ; and the editor of The Times .
baldwin had the support of the chief whip ( leslie wilson ) ; the chairman of the party ( younger ) ; the chief agent ; salisbury and derby , the party 's two principal territorial magnates , although the latter as always was a little hesitant ; the majority of conservative junior ministers ; a [large] but uncounted number of backbenchers ; and the editor of the times .

The result was a substantial triumph .
the result was a [large] triumph .

But the danger of a centre party came not from McKenna but from the Unionist ex-Coalitionists , led by Austen Chamberlain , who had twice previously been Chancellor , and who , if he was to be brought back into the fold , would clearly require some substantial offer .
but the danger of a centre party came not from mckenna but from the unionist ex-coalitionists , led by austen chamberlain , who had twice previously been chancellor , and who , if he was to be brought back into the fold , would clearly require some [large] offer .

He had also paid a substantial price for the pleasure , not merely of looking at the corpse of the idea of a centre party , but of stamping upon it several times over .
he had also paid a [large] price for the pleasure , not merely of looking at the corpse of the idea of a centre party , but of stamping upon it several times over .

What he meant was that , with the terms of trade running strongly in Britain 's favour and with a substantial underuse of resources , the economy was too much directed towards the depressed export trades — coal , steel , shipbuilding and cotton — and not enough towards newer industries which would mainly supply an enlarged home market .
what he meant was that , with the terms of trade running strongly in britain 's favour and with a [large] underuse of resources , the economy was too much directed towards the depressed export trades — coal , steel , shipbuilding and cotton — and not enough towards newer industries which would mainly supply an enlarged home market .

For obvious reasons the difference in practice would be substantial .
for obvious reasons the difference in practice would be [large] .

At eleven they set off on the heralded and substantial walk .
at eleven they set off on the heralded and [large] walk .

In December the majority of the men were back at work , with lower wages , an eight-hour day , and with a substantial minority condemned to permanent unemployment .
in december the majority of the men were back at work , with lower wages , an eight-hour day , and with a [large] minority condemned to permanent unemployment .

This last was a serious matter , at least until the substantial improvement of the fortunes of Baldwins Ltd in 1934 .
this last was a serious matter , at least until the [large] improvement of the fortunes of baldwins ltd in 1934 .

If they were to try to maintain the parity of sterling against gold ( which was in accordance with their own instincts as well as with the views of most of their advisors , although not of Keynes ) they needed substantial foreign credits and they were unlikely to get these without welfare economies which would disrupt the Cabinet and its parliamentary support .
if they were to try to maintain the parity of sterling against gold ( which was in accordance with their own instincts as well as with the views of most of their advisors , although not of keynes ) they needed [large] foreign credits and they were unlikely to get these without welfare economies which would disrupt the cabinet and its parliamentary support .

Wednesday was a day of interminable meetings , during which the split over unemployment benefit between MacDonald and a substantial but fluctuatingly composed group of his Cabinet began to assume its final form .
wednesday was a day of interminable meetings , during which the split over unemployment benefit between macdonald and a [large] but fluctuatingly composed group of his cabinet began to assume its final form .

The National ( or Conservative ) majority of 425 seats in October 1931 was reduced only to the very substantial one of 247 in November 1935 .
the national ( or conservative ) majority of 425 seats in october 1931 was reduced only to the very [large] one of 247 in november 1935 .

The 1931 result , of course , left a great deal of room for recoil , but even so , the average of these results , if reflected in a general election , would have produced a substantial Labour majority in the House of Commons .
the 1931 result , of course , left a great deal of room for recoil , but even so , the average of these results , if reflected in a general election , would have produced a [large] labour majority in the house of commons .

There was only a French text of the document , but it was initialled by the two ministers , and therefore involved a substantial degree of commitment on both their parts .
there was only a french text of the document , but it was initialled by the two ministers , and therefore involved a [large] degree of commitment on both their parts .

Austen Chamberlain , it was thought , might lead a substantial group into the lobby against the Government .
austen chamberlain , it was thought , might lead a [large] group into the lobby against the government .

What had previously been gossip only within a small circle had become widely known throughout the world , excepting however that substantial part of the British public which did not have international Contacts .
what had previously been gossip only within a small circle had become widely known throughout the world , excepting however that [large] part of the british public which did not have international contacts .

He decided to deal with the problem in a way which imported a substantial element of farce into the overcharged atmosphere , although his object was not to provide light relief .
he decided to deal with the problem in a way which imported a [large] element of farce into the overcharged atmosphere , although his object was not to provide light relief .

And had the latter been the case , Churchill , almost his only substantial political ally of 1936 , would in 1940 have been confronted with a very awkward decision as to whether to intern his sovereign .
and had the latter been the case , churchill , almost his only [large] political ally of 1936 , would in 1940 have been confronted with a very awkward decision as to whether to intern his sovereign .

Two Americans made substantial contributions to this continuity .
two americans made [large] contributions to this continuity .

The shares of Baldwins Ltd had made a substantial recovery .
the shares of baldwins ltd had made a [large] recovery .

Soon , and no doubt inevitably , some more substantial specks of cloud began to appear in the sky .
soon , and no doubt inevitably , some more [large] specks of cloud began to appear in the sky .

Although it is tempting to hold up Meriden as a co-operative which was at a substantial disadvantage compared with its Japanese competitors , it is difficult to argue that its inability to finance capital-intensive production methods were solely responsible for its problems … .
although it is tempting to hold up meriden as a co-operative which was at a [large] disadvantage compared with its japanese competitors , it is difficult to argue that its inability to finance capital-intensive production methods were solely responsible for its problems … .

Revocation of an objective regime would only be possible with the consent of all parties which had consented to the regime and ‘ have substantial interest in its functioning ’ .
revocation of an objective regime would only be possible with the consent of all parties which had consented to the regime and ‘ have [large] interest in its functioning ’ .

The European Court of Human rights held that extraditing a person to a State ‘ where substantial grounds have been shown for believing that the person concerned , … faces a real risk of being subjected to torture or to inhuman or degrading treatment or punishment in the requesting country ’ engages the responsibility of the sending State .
the european court of human rights held that extraditing a person to a state ‘ where [large] grounds have been shown for believing that the person concerned , … faces a real risk of being subjected to torture or to inhuman or degrading treatment or punishment in the requesting country ’ engages the responsibility of the sending state .

Many of these were built before the use of RSJs and have therefore yielded substantial quantities of high grade structural timber such as pitch pine ; possibly even some of the old Archangel white .
many of these were built before the use of rsjs and have therefore yielded [large] quantities of high grade structural timber such as pitch pine ; possibly even some of the old archangel white .

That in itself would win the support of a substantial group of Vietnamese fence sitters , and would unite all Vietnamese in solid opposition to Ho Chi Minh ; and the Chinese communists , practical people , when they saw their aid resulting in no real accomplishment , would be less ready to see it frittered away .
that in itself would win the support of a [large] group of vietnamese fence sitters , and would unite all vietnamese in solid opposition to ho chi minh ; and the chinese communists , practical people , when they saw their aid resulting in no real accomplishment , would be less ready to see it frittered away .

With or without the best will in the world they add substantial fuel to the fires of our `` obsession `` .
with or without the best will in the world they add [large] fuel to the fires of our `` obsession `` .

There are , perhaps , two substantial objections to incest .
there are , perhaps , two [large] objections to incest .

`` The School was built of brick ; it was a substantial building , but had no pretensions to architectural beauty .
`` the school was built of brick ; it was a [large] building , but had no pretensions to architectural beauty .

During 1893 Captain Sykes became Chairman of Governors , and found himself almost immediately contributing to the " substantial repairs " needed to the buildings . Other Governors — notably Aldermen Hallam and Leigh — also gave generously , but there were always problems as Colonel Wilkinson , a Governor for many years , noted acerbically :
during 1893 captain sykes became chairman of governors , and found himself almost immediately contributing to the " [large] repairs " needed to the buildings . other governors — notably aldermen hallam and leigh — also gave generously , but there were always problems as colonel wilkinson , a governor for many years , noted acerbically :

One hundred and sixty Old Boys a very substantial proportion had volunteered before conscription was introduced , and many more thereafter , and the names of the fifty-two who did not return were to be recorded on the School 's War Memorial .
one hundred and sixty old boys a very [large] proportion had volunteered before conscription was introduced , and many more thereafter , and the names of the fifty-two who did not return were to be recorded on the school 's war memorial .

But is hopes of a substantial enlargement of the New Deal did not materialize .
but is hopes of a [large] enlargement of the new deal did not materialize .

Any President has difficulty making a substantial impact even in a full term , and Kennedy tragically had only three years in the highest office .
any president has difficulty making a [large] impact even in a full term , and kennedy tragically had only three years in the highest office .

In July 63 , the first of many substantial orders was placed by Pan Am , in this case for forty units with options on a further 120 .
in july 63 , the first of many [large] orders was placed by pan am , in this case for forty units with options on a further 120 .

It is important in this case , because only on this assumption can one explain the experience a reader gets from The Inheritors of `` looking round the sides `` of Lok 's world view , to see a more substantial reality behind it .
it is important in this case , because only on this assumption can one explain the experience a reader gets from the inheritors of `` looking round the sides `` of lok 's world view , to see a more [large] reality behind it .

McLuhan lambasted the print media for encouraging linear thinking , but it can be argued that this way of thought brought to mankind very substantial benefits which one is not confident would be matched by the uncriticized new tribalism .
mcluhan lambasted the print media for encouraging linear thinking , but it can be argued that this way of thought brought to mankind very [large] benefits which one is not confident would be matched by the uncriticized new tribalism .

The Codsall model , which included substantial departmental collections closely coordinated by a central collection and organization , avoided this danger but , by its heavy concentration on production of new materials , provided no incentive for the teacher to consult or seek material already available from published sources ; this can often provide an educational input which is both high in quality and economical in teacher effort , in the time spent in laborious production .
the codsall model , which included [large] departmental collections closely coordinated by a central collection and organization , avoided this danger but , by its heavy concentration on production of new materials , provided no incentive for the teacher to consult or seek material already available from published sources ; this can often provide an educational input which is both high in quality and economical in teacher effort , in the time spent in laborious production .

In the wider field of information processing in general , the development of computers and other sophisticated instruments has opened up a great many possibilities for really elaborate information retrieval techniques , but there remain very substantial difficulties of thesaurus control which librarians and information scientists in , particularly , the United Kingdom are at present exhaustively examining .
in the wider field of information processing in general , the development of computers and other sophisticated instruments has opened up a great many possibilities for really elaborate information retrieval techniques , but there remain very [large] difficulties of thesaurus control which librarians and information scientists in , particularly , the united kingdom are at present exhaustively examining .

To that extent a board should independently review profit progress to date as well as carefully evaluate and then endorse strategic recommendations made by the senior executive team which will have a long-term and substantial impact on profit .
to that extent a board should independently review profit progress to date as well as carefully evaluate and then endorse strategic recommendations made by the senior executive team which will have a long-term and [large] impact on profit .

An unfortunate accident in the solvent plant , a fire in the warehouse , a large-scale burglary , the loss of a key client , some bad publicity over a defective product , an unexpected but substantial price increase on raw materials can all present a crisis to a company , and most companies have such crises from time to time .
an unfortunate accident in the solvent plant , a fire in the warehouse , a large-scale burglary , the loss of a key client , some bad publicity over a defective product , an unexpected but [large] price increase on raw materials can all present a crisis to a company , and most companies have such crises from time to time .

Law 's claims were therefore substantial , but they were known to few outside parliament , Glasgow and Manchester .
law 's claims were therefore [large] , but they were known to few outside parliament , glasgow and manchester .

There were 200 seats with a substantial middle-class element , and these were overwhelmingly Unionist at each election between the wars .
there were 200 seats with a [large] middle-class element , and these were overwhelmingly unionist at each election between the wars .

On the one hand this expansion offered for the first time a substantial number of teaching posts which together formed a fully-integrated career structure , and on the other it considerably lessened the security of both the `` historical `` and `` critical `` paradigms for which Bateson had been at such pains to seek some form of mutual accommodation .
on the one hand this expansion offered for the first time a [large] number of teaching posts which together formed a fully-integrated career structure , and on the other it considerably lessened the security of both the `` historical `` and `` critical `` paradigms for which bateson had been at such pains to seek some form of mutual accommodation .

Many of the children enrolled at the School need substantial remedial help in order to recover from previous years spent in poor primary schooling .
many of the children enrolled at the school need [large] remedial help in order to recover from previous years spent in poor primary schooling .

The invitation underlines the museum 's commitment to Minimalism , where its collection has been greatly strengthened by the acquisition of a substantial body of work from Count Panza di Biumo in 1990 .
the invitation underlines the museum 's commitment to minimalism , where its collection has been greatly strengthened by the acquisition of a [large] body of work from count panza di biumo in 1990 .

The imperial treasury had been seriously reduced by the war and substantial funds were needed to fill the depleted ranks in the army as rapidly as possible .
the imperial treasury had been seriously reduced by the war and [large] funds were needed to fill the depleted ranks in the army as rapidly as possible .

This leaves the possibility of a splendid house being found in the east courtyard , where the museum and custodian 's house now stand ; but had any substantial remains survived , traces of them would surely have been found when those buildings were erected .
this leaves the possibility of a splendid house being found in the east courtyard , where the museum and custodian 's house now stand ; but had any [large] remains survived , traces of them would surely have been found when those buildings were erected .

Today , from its headquarters in Santiago , Chile , the group publishes a substantial monthly bulletin entitled Mujer/Fempress .
today , from its headquarters in santiago , chile , the group publishes a [large] monthly bulletin entitled mujer/fempress .

Poorly appreciated during his life and for many years after his death , this period of his work was reassessed by a touring exhibition sponsored by the Hayward Gallery in 1981 , but a substantial group of his later canvases has never been shown in the context of his whole development .
poorly appreciated during his life and for many years after his death , this period of his work was reassessed by a touring exhibition sponsored by the hayward gallery in 1981 , but a [large] group of his later canvases has never been shown in the context of his whole development .

The first stage of the project , already complete , was a geophysical survey , which has revealed the remains of substantial stone buildings and has suggested a street plan of this part of the Roman city .
the first stage of the project , already complete , was a geophysical survey , which has revealed the remains of [large] stone buildings and has suggested a street plan of this part of the roman city .

The legal model has one further method by which it attempts to balance the desirability of going to the managers of the company substantial discretionary power so that they have sufficient flexibility to act effectively , whilst at the same time minimizing the danger that the existence of such discretion creates , which is that it will be used arbitrarily .
the legal model has one further method by which it attempts to balance the desirability of going to the managers of the company [large] discretionary power so that they have sufficient flexibility to act effectively , whilst at the same time minimizing the danger that the existence of such discretion creates , which is that it will be used arbitrarily .

Firstly , the justification given by the model for vesting substantial managerial power in the hands of the directors will be investigated .
firstly , the justification given by the model for vesting [large] managerial power in the hands of the directors will be investigated .

In trying to analyse the reasons for conferring upon the management of the company substantial power to run the company the law has relied heavily on a variety of conceptions of the company .
in trying to analyse the reasons for conferring upon the management of the company [large] power to run the company the law has relied heavily on a variety of conceptions of the company .

For the different theoretical conceptions of the company have been intimately embroiled in the effort of company law to justify the vesting of substantial power in corporate management .
for the different theoretical conceptions of the company have been intimately embroiled in the effort of company law to justify the vesting of [large] power in corporate management .

Yet the reality is that it is only in companies where each shareholder has a sufficiently substantial stake in the company to make it worth his or her while performing the tasks of monitoring and supervising the behaviour of the directors that this constitutional framework can hope to provide an adequate control on the behaviour of directors .
yet the reality is that it is only in companies where each shareholder has a sufficiently [large] stake in the company to make it worth his or her while performing the tasks of monitoring and supervising the behaviour of the directors that this constitutional framework can hope to provide an adequate control on the behaviour of directors .

The Companies Act 1980 ( now consolidated in the Companies Act 1985 ) has extended the occasions when the consent of the shareholders to a transaction is required , so that , for example , before directors enter into long-term service agreements with their company , or substantial property transactions with their company , they must disclose the details of these transactions and obtain the consent of the shareholders .
the companies act 1980 ( now consolidated in the companies act 1985 ) has extended the occasions when the consent of the shareholders to a transaction is required , so that , for example , before directors enter into long-term service agreements with their company , or [large] property transactions with their company , they must disclose the details of these transactions and obtain the consent of the shareholders .

Here the problem is one of balancing an administrative body 's need for substantial discretion to make choices between different courses of action and the desirability of giving the courts power to intervene to prevent the discretion being exercised contrary to the intention of the legislature .
here the problem is one of balancing an administrative body 's need for [large] discretion to make choices between different courses of action and the desirability of giving the courts power to intervene to prevent the discretion being exercised contrary to the intention of the legislature .

He won a substantial increase in the arts settlement for 1991/92 , giving the Arts Council a 11 % rise and the national museums and galleries a 8.5 % rise .
he won a [large] increase in the arts settlement for 1991/92 , giving the arts council a 11 % rise and the national museums and galleries a 8.5 % rise .

The substantial remains of Milton Lockhart , an elegant William Burn house of the 1840s in Lanarkshire were bought by another Japanese consortium and transported to Japan 's Hokkaido Island be rebuilt as ‘ Santa 's Castle ’ in ‘ Santaland , an absolutely unique [ sic ] theme park , much better than Disneyland ’ .
the [large] remains of milton lockhart , an elegant william burn house of the 1840s in lanarkshire were bought by another japanese consortium and transported to japan 's hokkaido island be rebuilt as ‘ santa 's castle ’ in ‘ santaland , an absolutely unique [ sic ] theme park , much better than disneyland ’ .

The cigarette companies used this to justify tobacco advertising : they have maintained that , to reduce average tar yields , new brands will have to be introduced ( despite the fact that substantial changes have already been made to existing brands by simply altering their yields ) and advertising will be needed to make the public aware of these new brands .
the cigarette companies used this to justify tobacco advertising : they have maintained that , to reduce average tar yields , new brands will have to be introduced ( despite the fact that [large] changes have already been made to existing brands by simply altering their yields ) and advertising will be needed to make the public aware of these new brands .

Adults with asthma experience a significant and substantial decline in lung function when exposed to sidestream smoke for one hour [ 3 ] .
adults with asthma experience a significant and [large] decline in lung function when exposed to sidestream smoke for one hour [ 3 ] .

There is substantial evidence that social support , at work or at home , may provide an effective insulator or buffer against the effects of stress .
there is [large] evidence that social support , at work or at home , may provide an effective insulator or buffer against the effects of stress .

The economics of all such awards are sound : give away a substantial sum of prize money ( preferably the biggest that most seductive word ) , spend a little more on promotion , and , most essential , appoint as judges a judicious mixture of ancient worthies , the current great and good , a television personality or some such , and perhaps a critic or museum man to add some small semblance of probity to the proceedings .
the economics of all such awards are sound : give away a [large] sum of prize money ( preferably the biggest that most seductive word ) , spend a little more on promotion , and , most essential , appoint as judges a judicious mixture of ancient worthies , the current great and good , a television personality or some such , and perhaps a critic or museum man to add some small semblance of probity to the proceedings .

Droit de suite remains on the Commission 's agenda for 1992 , although in view of its extensive programme in copyright-related matters there are unlikely to be any substantial recommendations or conclusions before next year .
droit de suite remains on the commission 's agenda for 1992 , although in view of its extensive programme in copyright-related matters there are unlikely to be any [large] recommendations or conclusions before next year .

The draft directive has , however , been criticised because not only would it extend data protection to manual data such as card indexes exempt under much existing legislation but it would also have a substantial impact on charities which depend on direct mail to get support and sponsorship . The proposal may also cause difficulties in the following areas :
the draft directive has , however , been criticised because not only would it extend data protection to manual data such as card indexes exempt under much existing legislation but it would also have a [large] impact on charities which depend on direct mail to get support and sponsorship . the proposal may also cause difficulties in the following areas :

These facts highlight the substantial and increasing importance of female deviance .
these facts highlight the [large] and increasing importance of female deviance .

For example , the British 1971 Sample Census data give the following picture : The implication of such substantial discrepancies can not simply be ignored .
for example , the british 1971 sample census data give the following picture : the implication of such [large] discrepancies can not simply be ignored .

Where both husband and wife have substantial commitments to the job world , one might expect domestic responsibilities to be shared .
where both husband and wife have [large] commitments to the job world , one might expect domestic responsibilities to be shared .

In addition to the morning papers , there are also a substantial number of evening newspapers .
in addition to the morning papers , there are also a [large] number of evening newspapers .

Others need the extra information to answer readers ' letters , whose numbers in some instances can be quite substantial .
others need the extra information to answer readers ' letters , whose numbers in some instances can be quite [large] .

Wira , and Hatra ) have made surveys of water usage in the trade , and a fairly comprehensive picture is emerging of the processes that use substantial amounts .
wira , and hatra ) have made surveys of water usage in the trade , and a fairly comprehensive picture is emerging of the processes that use [large] amounts .

The capacity of these may be several days ' supply , and , with a more or less continuous inflow , the level changes little , and there is a substantial amount of clarification while standing .
the capacity of these may be several days ' supply , and , with a more or less continuous inflow , the level changes little , and there is a [large] amount of clarification while standing .

Many textile works use surface water from streams or rivers , and , to obtain a uniform supply with a substantial reserve , this is often collected in reservoirs or lodges .
many textile works use surface water from streams or rivers , and , to obtain a uniform supply with a [large] reserve , this is often collected in reservoirs or lodges .

Zeolite-softened water may be quite alkaline because it contains substantial quantities of sodium carbonate and bicarbonate .
zeolite-softened water may be quite alkaline because it contains [large] quantities of sodium carbonate and bicarbonate .

Using an agency can be expensive because the fees they charge , over and above the rent , are usually equivalent to one or two weeks ' rent , plus a substantial deposit .
using an agency can be expensive because the fees they charge , over and above the rent , are usually equivalent to one or two weeks ' rent , plus a [large] deposit .

Try using any substantial cardboard box as a simple but effective filing cabinet .
try using any [large] cardboard box as a simple but effective filing cabinet .

This is especially true today , due to the substantial number of high-quality copies coming onto the market form India , Pakistan and the Balkan countries , and it would take an exceptionally brave or foolhardy person to identify a rug without confirming their opinion by carefully checking the weave , materials and dyes .
this is especially true today , due to the [large] number of high-quality copies coming onto the market form india , pakistan and the balkan countries , and it would take an exceptionally brave or foolhardy person to identify a rug without confirming their opinion by carefully checking the weave , materials and dyes .

Perhaps the most popular and satisfying allover floral scheme is the Lilihan design , which forms a substantial part of the repertoire of the Sarouk weavers of west central Persia .
perhaps the most popular and satisfying allover floral scheme is the lilihan design , which forms a [large] part of the repertoire of the sarouk weavers of west central persia .

It now forms a substantial part of the repertoire of several Persian .
it now forms a [large] part of the repertoire of several persian .

Consequently , substantial efforts to intervene ( or to decide whether and in what way to intervene ) are desirable in principle .
consequently , [large] efforts to intervene ( or to decide whether and in what way to intervene ) are desirable in principle .

Specifically a monopolist in residence will equate marginal revenue and marginal cost and earn substantial profits as a result , yet ( small scale ) entry would be barred because costs of producing low outputs are so high .
specifically a monopolist in residence will equate marginal revenue and marginal cost and earn [large] profits as a result , yet ( small scale ) entry would be barred because costs of producing low outputs are so high .

If scale economies are extensive , marginal cost pricing of each of two ( say ) dimensions of output would lead to substantial shortfalls .
if scale economies are extensive , marginal cost pricing of each of two ( say ) dimensions of output would lead to [large] shortfalls .

It is in both the firm 's and the consumer s interests that this is for some extended period : in the case of the latter because search costs ( presumably ) are finite and so will not be worth incurring if there is only some probability of finding low prices , unless the benefits are substantial .
it is in both the firm 's and the consumer s interests that this is for some extended period : in the case of the latter because search costs ( presumably ) are finite and so will not be worth incurring if there is only some probability of finding low prices , unless the benefits are [large] .

One consequence is that even scale economies arising through fixed costs create a substantial barrier to entry .
one consequence is that even scale economies arising through fixed costs create a [large] barrier to entry .

have resulted in substantial clarification of the theory of natural monopoly .
have resulted in [large] clarification of the theory of natural monopoly .

In particular , in the private sector , following tax concessions in the 1984 budget , many large companies have introduced executive share option schemes which will provide senior employees with substantial benefits depending upon company performance .
in particular , in the private sector , following tax concessions in the 1984 budget , many large companies have introduced executive share option schemes which will provide senior employees with [large] benefits depending upon company performance .

It would be surprising to find a chapel with such a substantial church tower so early .
it would be surprising to find a chapel with such a [large] church tower so early .

The former ‘ bankers ’ were replaced by some shops with attractive Victorian verandah and with the substantial Trocadero buildings designed as a bank .
the former ‘ bankers ’ were replaced by some shops with attractive victorian verandah and with the [large] trocadero buildings designed as a bank .

Some earlier researchers resorted to laborious hand-crafting of knowledge sources , which , for a substantial vocabulary , can prove an insurmountable task .
some earlier researchers resorted to laborious hand-crafting of knowledge sources , which , for a [large] vocabulary , can prove an insurmountable task .

Gloucester 's immediate influence was mainly restricted to the edges of the county : to the lordship of Clitheroe in the east and to Furness in the north — both areas where his influence was in a sense overspill from more substantial interests elsewhere .
gloucester 's immediate influence was mainly restricted to the edges of the county : to the lordship of clitheroe in the east and to furness in the north — both areas where his influence was in a sense overspill from more [large] interests elsewhere .

The land in the king 's gift , however , did not include the estates held in her own right by the countess Elizabeth , widow of the twelfth earl , which included substantial further holdings in Suffolk and Essex .
the land in the king 's gift , however , did not include the estates held in her own right by the countess elizabeth , widow of the twelfth earl , which included [large] further holdings in suffolk and essex .

Poverty had always been , and remained , the normal condition of a substantial proportion of the population in all known societies .
poverty had always been , and remained , the normal condition of a [large] proportion of the population in all known societies .

He hoped initially to provide weekly cash benefits and some medical treatment for all earners beneath the income-tax limits , also maternity benefit — one more attempt to reduce infant mortality — widows ' and orphans ' pensions ( which would remove a substantial group from the Poor Law ) and an ‘ invalidity pension ’ for those unable to work due to permanent sickness or disablement .
he hoped initially to provide weekly cash benefits and some medical treatment for all earners beneath the income-tax limits , also maternity benefit — one more attempt to reduce infant mortality — widows ' and orphans ' pensions ( which would remove a [large] group from the poor law ) and an ‘ invalidity pension ’ for those unable to work due to permanent sickness or disablement .

Others objected to the substantial working-class contribution to the scheme , arguing that it should be fully redistributive and extended to all workers .
others objected to the [large] working-class contribution to the scheme , arguing that it should be fully redistributive and extended to all workers .

Much more substantial were the resources derived from the dissolution , by which the Crown acquired , between 1536 and 1539 , land worth £135,000–140,000 per annum .
much more [large] were the resources derived from the dissolution , by which the crown acquired , between 1536 and 1539 , land worth £135,000–140,000 per annum .

By these means all officials , whether they were attached to lawcourts , the Privy Council , the Privy Seal , the Signet , or the Ordnance , accumulated substantial revenues .
by these means all officials , whether they were attached to lawcourts , the privy council , the privy seal , the signet , or the ordnance , accumulated [large] revenues .

Royal favour took on substantial material form in wardships , pensions , annuities , leases of Crown land , trading licences , and monopolies .
royal favour took on [large] material form in wardships , pensions , annuities , leases of crown land , trading licences , and monopolies .

Each of the Six Clerks in Chancery was reputedly worth £3,000 annually ; while this sum was certainly exaggerated , even half of it would have been a substantial amount .
each of the six clerks in chancery was reputedly worth £3,000 annually ; while this sum was certainly exaggerated , even half of it would have been a [large] amount .

Typical Polynesian huts are scattered throughout the grounds , each with its own lanai giving substantial views towards the ocean , and the complex has a choice of fine restaurants and bars for intimate meals or more lively evenings .
typical polynesian huts are scattered throughout the grounds , each with its own lanai giving [large] views towards the ocean , and the complex has a choice of fine restaurants and bars for intimate meals or more lively evenings .

One argument is indisputable : that unless there is investment on an enormous scale on the improvement of provision , the reality of day-care experiences for unknown but substantial numbers of young children whose parents find it necessary or choose to work , is likely to remain a cause of concern .
one argument is indisputable : that unless there is investment on an enormous scale on the improvement of provision , the reality of day-care experiences for unknown but [large] numbers of young children whose parents find it necessary or choose to work , is likely to remain a cause of concern .

If the decision were in favour of subsidized family day care — developing what is now called child minding-this would also require a substantial financial and training commitment but be less costly in terms of bricks and mortar .
if the decision were in favour of subsidized family day care — developing what is now called child minding-this would also require a [large] financial and training commitment but be less costly in terms of bricks and mortar .

[ … ] The state should give substantial financial inducements to mothers of pre-school children to care for them at home ; because of the economic situation , this may , to begin with , have to be on a sliding scale according to need .
[ … ] the state should give [large] financial inducements to mothers of pre-school children to care for them at home ; because of the economic situation , this may , to begin with , have to be on a sliding scale according to need .

This surely justifies the development of a substantial , theoretically-based unit on management in the Project 2000 syllabus , and also provision of some form of post-registration development to complement such a unit .
this surely justifies the development of a [large] , theoretically-based unit on management in the project 2000 syllabus , and also provision of some form of post-registration development to complement such a unit .

Each produced a significant shift in course and within a short space of time wrought a substantial transformation in the direction of national policy and popular attitudes .
each produced a significant shift in course and within a short space of time wrought a [large] transformation in the direction of national policy and popular attitudes .

Of course Japan herself did not stand still during this time , but the substantial advances that did take place were not influenced by external models or ideas .
of course japan herself did not stand still during this time , but the [large] advances that did take place were not influenced by external models or ideas .

Japan has become a leader of the Pacific area and to this extent cultivates close contacts not only with Southeast Asia , but also with Australasia , a valuable source of raw materials , where interest in Japan has become substantial .
japan has become a leader of the pacific area and to this extent cultivates close contacts not only with southeast asia , but also with australasia , a valuable source of raw materials , where interest in japan has become [large] .

Countries which can neither supply raw materials nor offer substantial markets play relatively little part in Japanese thinking .
countries which can neither supply raw materials nor offer [large] markets play relatively little part in japanese thinking .

Notwithstanding the significance of Japanese ambitions in continental Asia in the modern period , for many centuries Japan managed to maintain a substantial degree of isolation from the mainland .
notwithstanding the significance of japanese ambitions in continental asia in the modern period , for many centuries japan managed to maintain a [large] degree of isolation from the mainland .

Before 1945 Japan was guilty of substantial imperialist ambitions and aggression in China , and China was often too weak to resist her neighbour 's demands , but China retained a special position in Japanese sentiment and a certain pre-eminence in Japanese eyes .
before 1945 japan was guilty of [large] imperialist ambitions and aggression in china , and china was often too weak to resist her neighbour 's demands , but china retained a special position in japanese sentiment and a certain pre-eminence in japanese eyes .

The argument over formal relations was the first of a succession of Japanese disputes with Korea and with other countries concerning Korea , which have formed a very substantial part of the story of Japan 's relations with both Asia and the West .
the argument over formal relations was the first of a succession of japanese disputes with korea and with other countries concerning korea , which have formed a very [large] part of the story of japan 's relations with both asia and the west .

The Formosan Expedition in the early 1870s , the Treaty of Shimonoseki ( 1895 ) and the Boxer Rebellion ( 1900 ) had already secured for Japan substantial political and economic concessions in China .
the formosan expedition in the early 1870s , the treaty of shimonoseki ( 1895 ) and the boxer rebellion ( 1900 ) had already secured for japan [large] political and economic concessions in china .

Many of the demands related to Japanese control of substantial areas of Chinese territory ; the fifth and final section included demands for the installation of Japanese ‘ advisers ’ at all levels of the administration , armed forces and police .
many of the demands related to japanese control of [large] areas of chinese territory ; the fifth and final section included demands for the installation of japanese ‘ advisers ’ at all levels of the administration , armed forces and police .

In as far as the plotters hoped to engineer a state of affairs which might enable Japan to occupy substantial parts of Manchuria , the plot failed .
in as far as the plotters hoped to engineer a state of affairs which might enable japan to occupy [large] parts of manchuria , the plot failed .

Japanese business has made substantial advances and much Japanese manufacturing is carried on there .
japanese business has made [large] advances and much japanese manufacturing is carried on there .

Japan also supplies substantial cultural , technological and financial assistance .
japan also supplies [large] cultural , technological and financial assistance .

Substantial though both these minorities were , their presence had little impact on the way the majority of Japanese conducted their lives .
[large] though both these minorities were , their presence had little impact on the way the majority of japanese conducted their lives .

Even the presence of a substantial Korean minority has done little to weaken a sense of identity whose strength is indicated by the virtual denial of Japanese nationality to those who are not racially Japanese .
even the presence of a [large] korean minority has done little to weaken a sense of identity whose strength is indicated by the virtual denial of japanese nationality to those who are not racially japanese .

The prospect of any substantial increase in immigration in the near future is unlikely .
the prospect of any [large] increase in immigration in the near future is unlikely .

The removal of warriors from the land and the rapid urbanization that took place from the late sixteenth century indicate the availability of a substantial surplus in peasant production .
the removal of warriors from the land and the rapid urbanization that took place from the late sixteenth century indicate the availability of a [large] surplus in peasant production .

That the number of town dwellers grew and that such a large proportion of output could be made over to the ruling class without permanent and chronic nationwide famine or substantial evidence of huge tax arrears suggest that peasants continued to produce well above subsistence level .
that the number of town dwellers grew and that such a large proportion of output could be made over to the ruling class without permanent and chronic nationwide famine or [large] evidence of huge tax arrears suggest that peasants continued to produce well above subsistence level .

These significant changes failed to be reflected in substantial changes in the system of rule .
these significant changes failed to be reflected in [large] changes in the system of rule .

Intellectuals , journalists and activists in the labour and farmers , movement attempted to gain the attention of the public and force the government to take action on urban and rural poverty , but achieved little substantial change .
intellectuals , journalists and activists in the labour and farmers , movement attempted to gain the attention of the public and force the government to take action on urban and rural poverty , but achieved little [large] change .

In return , agriculture 's contribution to the industrial and urban sectors , though quantitatively less substantial than in the prewar years , has remained important .
in return , agriculture 's contribution to the industrial and urban sectors , though quantitatively less [large] than in the prewar years , has remained important .

As the loss can be quite substantial , the quantity of water in which potatoes are boiled should be kept to a minimum .
as the loss can be quite [large] , the quantity of water in which potatoes are boiled should be kept to a minimum .

Jacket potatoes provide a warm welcome on a cold day and a substantial meal in summer .
jacket potatoes provide a warm welcome on a cold day and a [large] meal in summer .

’ Instead we can clearly see a growth from 1989–94 , a slight fall from the peak in 1993 and a substantial fall in 1994 .
’ instead we can clearly see a growth from 1989–94 , a slight fall from the peak in 1993 and a [large] fall in 1994 .

Again , this pressure was resisted by the Study Group and the ensuing group of governmental experts , on the ground that whilst some provisions of the Convention would be appropriate to both types of lease , the primary function of the Convention was to recognize the particular financial nature of a finance lease by giving a substantial degree of immunity from suit to the lessor and transferring liability to the supplier .
again , this pressure was resisted by the study group and the ensuing group of governmental experts , on the ground that whilst some provisions of the convention would be appropriate to both types of lease , the primary function of the convention was to recognize the particular financial nature of a finance lease by giving a [large] degree of immunity from suit to the lessor and transferring liability to the supplier .

The expense in promoting a project is considerable , since every meeting involves the outlay of trav-elling expenses , accommodation , and subsistence for substantial numbers of participants from many parts of the world .
the expense in promoting a project is considerable , since every meeting involves the outlay of trav-elling expenses , accommodation , and subsistence for [large] numbers of participants from many parts of the world .

In the path-breaking case of Holroyd v. Marshall , the court held that a charge applied to factory machinery which had replaced that originally used as security for the repayment of a substantial debt .
in the path-breaking case of holroyd v. marshall , the court held that a charge applied to factory machinery which had replaced that originally used as security for the repayment of a [large] debt .

According to the ministerial reasons given to the Bill this feature is supposed to be a profit-making company with substantial own financial resources solely consisting of corporate members and governed by the council of directors .
according to the ministerial reasons given to the bill this feature is supposed to be a profit-making company with [large] own financial resources solely consisting of corporate members and governed by the council of directors .

Midland can process both Access and Visa transactions , providing retail customers with an efficient and effective means of accepting payments from a substantial consumer market .
midland can process both access and visa transactions , providing retail customers with an efficient and effective means of accepting payments from a [large] consumer market .

For those businesses requiring substantial sums of cash it is often appropriate to provide these from our Cash centres .
for those businesses requiring [large] sums of cash it is often appropriate to provide these from our cash centres .

Now that free banking is available to everyone who keeps their Current Account in credit , there is nothing to be gained by keeping substantial amounts of money there .
now that free banking is available to everyone who keeps their current account in credit , there is nothing to be gained by keeping [large] amounts of money there .

In any event , you could find yourself with a substantial amount to invest .
in any event , you could find yourself with a [large] amount to invest .

Over her eleven year premiership the only substantial issue of penal policy in which Mrs Thatcher played a decisive part was the privatization of prisons and remand centres , and the contracting out of certain criminal justice services .
over her eleven year premiership the only [large] issue of penal policy in which mrs thatcher played a decisive part was the privatization of prisons and remand centres , and the contracting out of certain criminal justice services .

With their replacement by the High Court and the Crown Court at fixed centres throughout the country , a new administrative structure had to be devised and substantial numbers of non-lawyer administrators were imported from other departments and elsewhere .
with their replacement by the high court and the crown court at fixed centres throughout the country , a new administrative structure had to be devised and [large] numbers of non-lawyer administrators were imported from other departments and elsewhere .

This would replace the present Lord Chancellor 's Department which administers a very substantial budget , but which is not directly accountable to the House of Commons .
this would replace the present lord chancellor 's department which administers a very [large] budget , but which is not directly accountable to the house of commons .

It was equally clear , however , that an amendment to abolish capital punishment would be moved in the course of the proceedings of [ sic ] the Bill in the House of Commons and that it would be strongly pressed by a substantial number of Government supporters .
it was equally clear , however , that an amendment to abolish capital punishment would be moved in the course of the proceedings of [ sic ] the bill in the house of commons and that it would be strongly pressed by a [large] number of government supporters .

There was a substantial body of opinion which would support the view that , whatever convictions were held on the merits , it would be inopportune to introduce this experiment in the unsettled conditions following a major war , when the number of violent crimes was abnormally high and respect for the sanctity of human life had inevitably been impaired by the circumstances of war .
there was a [large] body of opinion which would support the view that , whatever convictions were held on the merits , it would be inopportune to introduce this experiment in the unsettled conditions following a major war , when the number of violent crimes was abnormally high and respect for the sanctity of human life had inevitably been impaired by the circumstances of war .

Whereas the increase up to and including 1946 was not attributed to more people being sent to prison each year , thereafter the pattern changed with a substantial rise in the number of convicted and sentenced offenders being received from the courts .
whereas the increase up to and including 1946 was not attributed to more people being sent to prison each year , thereafter the pattern changed with a [large] rise in the number of convicted and sentenced offenders being received from the courts .

In the Spring of 1966 , six of the Commissioners , led by Radzinowicz and Wootton resigned , having become persuaded that , with substantial legislation pending , and in the absence of conclusive research to support recommendations likely to last for a lengthy period , the opportunity no longer existed for the Commission to make a comprehensive report capable of setting the direction for a generation . According to Cunningham :
in the spring of 1966 , six of the commissioners , led by radzinowicz and wootton resigned , having become persuaded that , with [large] legislation pending , and in the absence of conclusive research to support recommendations likely to last for a lengthy period , the opportunity no longer existed for the commission to make a comprehensive report capable of setting the direction for a generation . according to cunningham :

The report concluded that substantial financial support should be given to research promoted and co-ordinated by the Home Office and carried out in the Universities and by other agencies .
the report concluded that [large] financial support should be given to research promoted and co-ordinated by the home office and carried out in the universities and by other agencies .

… a body of evidence , too substantial to disregard , which in effect accused the police of stooping to the use of undesirable means of obtaining statements and of occasionally giving perjured evidence in a court of law .
… a body of evidence , too [large] to disregard , which in effect accused the police of stooping to the use of undesirable means of obtaining statements and of occasionally giving perjured evidence in a court of law .

The answer seemed to point to substantial cuts in price support together with a better re-distribution of budget towards smaller producers .
the answer seemed to point to [large] cuts in price support together with a better re-distribution of budget towards smaller producers .

The blow would be softened slightly for those affected by substantial compensation on a pro-rata and sliding scale basis .
the blow would be softened slightly for those affected by [large] compensation on a pro-rata and sliding scale basis .

It is , however absolutely essential to prohibit all growth of grass and weeds for a metre round each tree in the first few years and while this is fairly simple to achieve by spraying with something such as glyphsate or by using a weed suppressing mat , there is still a substantial area to cut .
it is , however absolutely essential to prohibit all growth of grass and weeds for a metre round each tree in the first few years and while this is fairly simple to achieve by spraying with something such as glyphsate or by using a weed suppressing mat , there is still a [large] area to cut .

High as their hopes had been after the OpEC price rise of 1973 , the Group of 77 failed to get substantial support for its proposed Integrated programme for Commodities .
high as their hopes had been after the opec price rise of 1973 , the group of 77 failed to get [large] support for its proposed integrated programme for commodities .

Overlaid on local costs are substantial costs for the maintenance of technology .
overlaid on local costs are [large] costs for the maintenance of technology .

For example , in capital-intensive industries like oil refining and industrial chemicals , the largest plants can provide substantial unit-cost saving over smaller plants .
for example , in capital-intensive industries like oil refining and industrial chemicals , the largest plants can provide [large] unit-cost saving over smaller plants .

Reflecting the substantial barriers to international integration , prices have not come to an equilibrium across countries .
reflecting the [large] barriers to international integration , prices have not come to an equilibrium across countries .

Moreover , some multinationals , such as the textile group Coats-Viyella , which had virtually stopped investing in Brazil , were lured by debt/equity swaps into putting new money into their subsidiaries at a very substantial discount — in that case , 41 per cent .
moreover , some multinationals , such as the textile group coats-viyella , which had virtually stopped investing in brazil , were lured by debt/equity swaps into putting new money into their subsidiaries at a very [large] discount — in that case , 41 per cent .

Only where the multinationals ' power has been harnessed have substantial gains in income-elastic goods been achieved .
only where the multinationals ' power has been harnessed have [large] gains in income-elastic goods been achieved .

Low profitability meant the textile ventures could not finance their substantial foreign borrowings when Kenya began a series of devaluations in the 1980s .
low profitability meant the textile ventures could not finance their [large] foreign borrowings when kenya began a series of devaluations in the 1980s .

This is presumably the first in a series of large format paperbacks , with a fairly substantial text giving a concise summary of campaign history backed up by numerous black and white photographs from government sources ; and pages of coloured artwork mostly devoted to uniformed figures , with a few showing aircraft , armour and artillery .
this is presumably the first in a series of large format paperbacks , with a fairly [large] text giving a concise summary of campaign history backed up by numerous black and white photographs from government sources ; and pages of coloured artwork mostly devoted to uniformed figures , with a few showing aircraft , armour and artillery .

There may well be cases where staying in a business in which others are getting out ultimately will bring its own substantial reward , at minimum in terms of having good , sound , cash-generating business and one which i relatively unbuffeted by competition .
there may well be cases where staying in a business in which others are getting out ultimately will bring its own [large] reward , at minimum in terms of having good , sound , cash-generating business and one which i relatively unbuffeted by competition .

One has seen within the vast population of India the emergence of a substantial middle class with purchasing power equal to any European nation .
one has seen within the vast population of india the emergence of a [large] middle class with purchasing power equal to any european nation .

If the establishment has substantial special function business , e.g. banquets , weddings , dances , dinners , conferences , etc. , it is usual to open a separate special functions day book which is posted to a composite special functions debtors account in the ledger .
if the establishment has [large] special function business , e.g. banquets , weddings , dances , dinners , conferences , etc. , it is usual to open a separate special functions day book which is posted to a composite special functions debtors account in the ledger .

Fire , should it occur in a place where a substantial number of people gather , i.e .
fire , should it occur in a place where a [large] number of people gather , i.e .

The limited data available suggest there are also substantial socioeconomic differences in morbidity , but these differences remain largely unexplained .
the limited data available suggest there are also [large] socioeconomic differences in morbidity , but these differences remain largely unexplained .

The costs of sickness absence to the government and to industry are substantial .
the costs of sickness absence to the government and to industry are [large] .

Substantial differences in sickness absence by grade remained even after adjustment for a wide range of risk factors .
[large] differences in sickness absence by grade remained even after adjustment for a wide range of risk factors .

However , substantial grade differences in sickness absence persist after taking account of a wide range of risk factors .
however , [large] grade differences in sickness absence persist after taking account of a wide range of risk factors .

Editor , — Ellis Field suggests that increasing the number of consultants to help reduce junior doctors ' hours would alter the nature of senior posts for the worse and advocates a substantial increase in junior staff .
editor , — ellis field suggests that increasing the number of consultants to help reduce junior doctors ' hours would alter the nature of senior posts for the worse and advocates a [large] increase in junior staff .

None of these could be regarded as solutions in themselves , but taken together , and in combination with other measures outlined in the new deal , they can make a substantial improvement .
none of these could be regarded as solutions in themselves , but taken together , and in combination with other measures outlined in the new deal , they can make a [large] improvement .

The Department of Health must accept that without a substantial increase in the consultant body and rationalisation of acute services the new deal will undoubtedly fail .
the department of health must accept that without a [large] increase in the consultant body and rationalisation of acute services the new deal will undoubtedly fail .

Some people develop very strong appetites for recognition and are attracted to jobs which provide them with endless ‘ jellybeans ’ ; for example , the reward systems of the armed services , higher education and the professions offer substantial opportunities to be recognized and praised for one 's performance .
some people develop very strong appetites for recognition and are attracted to jobs which provide them with endless ‘ jellybeans ’ ; for example , the reward systems of the armed services , higher education and the professions offer [large] opportunities to be recognized and praised for one 's performance .

Arguments in favour of a more substantial increase in the supply of medical staff come from several sources .
arguments in favour of a more [large] increase in the supply of medical staff come from several sources .

The substantial differences in seroprevalence of toxoplasma IgG between women born in different countries suggest that women from countries with high prevalence of toxoplasmosis were infected before immigration to Britain .
the [large] differences in seroprevalence of toxoplasma igg between women born in different countries suggest that women from countries with high prevalence of toxoplasmosis were infected before immigration to britain .

Indeed very few presidents in the last half century have accomplished much in the way of substantial policy change .
indeed very few presidents in the last half century have accomplished much in the way of [large] policy change .

Such mastery , however , will normally be brief ; it is unlikely to outlast the passing of crisis and/or movement in the cycles of history ; it will not survive substantial loss of congressional or popular support and it will be relentlessly eroded by the passage of time .
such mastery , however , will normally be brief ; it is unlikely to outlast the passing of crisis and/or movement in the cycles of history ; it will not survive [large] loss of congressional or popular support and it will be relentlessly eroded by the passage of time .

At a more substantial level , a president might agree to appear in the constituency of a key congressman at election time to provide him with highly visible and , possibly , crucial support .
at a more [large] level , a president might agree to appear in the constituency of a key congressman at election time to provide him with highly visible and , possibly , crucial support .

This required , above all , substantial tax cuts to foster hard work , enterprise and saving .
this required , above all , [large] tax cuts to foster hard work , enterprise and saving .

There were to be four principal elements to that strategy : ( 1 ) a substantial reduction in taxes ; ( 2 ) heavy cuts in the rate of growth of public spending ; ( 3 ) deregulation reform ; and ( 4 ) the establishment of a sound monetary policy .
there were to be four principal elements to that strategy : ( 1 ) a [large] reduction in taxes ; ( 2 ) heavy cuts in the rate of growth of public spending ; ( 3 ) deregulation reform ; and ( 4 ) the establishment of a sound monetary policy .

The pomeshchiks had become a substantial body and provided the military backbone of the State .
the pomeshchiks had become a [large] body and provided the military backbone of the state .

The absorption of a substantial Muslim population as Muscovy pushed east and south presented a relatively minor problem — although it underlined the Church 's reliance on state support and fiscal sanctions to convert the heathens .
the absorption of a [large] muslim population as muscovy pushed east and south presented a relatively minor problem — although it underlined the church 's reliance on state support and fiscal sanctions to convert the heathens .

Leadership might have been expected from the more substantial merchants , members of the élite merchant guilds established by Peter and reformed by Catherine .
leadership might have been expected from the more [large] merchants , members of the élite merchant guilds established by peter and reformed by catherine .

But the commune continued to act as a major obstacle to the emergence of any substantial stratum of better-off peasants .
but the commune continued to act as a major obstacle to the emergence of any [large] stratum of better-off peasants .

It also forcibly raised the question of the need for political change before substantial propaganda could be spread among the peasantry — a question shelved since the early 1860s amid general hostility to constitutional compromise .
it also forcibly raised the question of the need for political change before [large] propaganda could be spread among the peasantry — a question shelved since the early 1860s amid general hostility to constitutional compromise .

In the Far East substantial territory had been more or less peacefully wrested from the embattled Chinese Empire .
in the far east [large] territory had been more or less peacefully wrested from the embattled chinese empire .

The aim , therefore , was to attract substantial foreign investment .
the aim , therefore , was to attract [large] foreign investment .

Substantial military force had to be used in the Baltic and in Poland where martial law was instituted .
[large] military force had to be used in the baltic and in poland where martial law was instituted .

Biotechnology executives see the plan as a substantial improvement on the present system , in which the government analyses every proposed planting in a process that can take four months .
biotechnology executives see the plan as a [large] improvement on the present system , in which the government analyses every proposed planting in a process that can take four months .

More information is required before gastric lavage can be abandoned completely in favour of giving activated charcoal , but a reasonable alternative to lavage could be to give 50–100 g of activated charcoal to adults who have taken a substantial overdose of a toxic substance no more than two hours previously .
more information is required before gastric lavage can be abandoned completely in favour of giving activated charcoal , but a reasonable alternative to lavage could be to give 50–100 g of activated charcoal to adults who have taken a [large] overdose of a toxic substance no more than two hours previously .

Many patients with substantial deformities remain asymptomatic , but they are at increased risk of neurological damage with the passage of time .
many patients with [large] deformities remain asymptomatic , but they are at increased risk of neurological damage with the passage of time .

Differences between the studies include the fact that Canadian workers ‘ receive a substantial proportion ( 20–40 % ) of their total exposure as an internal dose ( largely due to tritium ) , ’ that workers in Ontario did not have the types of chemical exposure received by the Sellafield workers , and that some of the control fathers with high doses were uranium miners .
differences between the studies include the fact that canadian workers ‘ receive a [large] proportion ( 20–40 % ) of their total exposure as an internal dose ( largely due to tritium ) , ’ that workers in ontario did not have the types of chemical exposure received by the sellafield workers , and that some of the control fathers with high doses were uranium miners .

In none of these cases could the exposure be classified as substantial enough to call into question the validity of the control schools .
in none of these cases could the exposure be classified as [large] enough to call into question the validity of the control schools .

Reviews of school smoking prevention programmes have shown continuing success in delaying onset of smoking , but school health education alone may not be sufficient to compensate for other substantial influences on teenage smoking behaviour .
reviews of school smoking prevention programmes have shown continuing success in delaying onset of smoking , but school health education alone may not be sufficient to compensate for other [large] influences on teenage smoking behaviour .

Loss of viral replication by interferon can lead to a substantial regression of liver disease and probably prolonged survival .
loss of viral replication by interferon can lead to a [large] regression of liver disease and probably prolonged survival .

Nevertheless , it seems highly probable that the persisting biochemical abnormalities ( phenylalanine excess or some closely related change ) at least make a substantial contribution to the neurological impairment .
nevertheless , it seems highly probable that the persisting biochemical abnormalities ( phenylalanine excess or some closely related change ) at least make a [large] contribution to the neurological impairment .

Two examples from Victoria , Australia , show how coordinated legislative and voluntary sector action can have a substantial impact on public behaviour .
two examples from victoria , australia , show how coordinated legislative and voluntary sector action can have a [large] impact on public behaviour .

The scheme has made it clear to managers that the teaching contracts represent a substantial part of each hospital 's budget , and Dr Pearson says that most managers are now very anxious to work with the medical school to ensure a good service for the students .
the scheme has made it clear to managers that the teaching contracts represent a [large] part of each hospital 's budget , and dr pearson says that most managers are now very anxious to work with the medical school to ensure a good service for the students .

Because lords owned large tracts of land at a time when the opportunities for its exploitation were particularly favourable , and could add to this profit from tolls and customs on increasing trade , they could hardly avoid a substantial increase in their resources in the course of the eleventh century .
because lords owned large tracts of land at a time when the opportunities for its exploitation were particularly favourable , and could add to this profit from tolls and customs on increasing trade , they could hardly avoid a [large] increase in their resources in the course of the eleventh century .

The very substantial endowments most princes had accumulated in the ninth and tenth centuries could be curtailed without disaster in the favourable economic climate of the eleventh century .
the very [large] endowments most princes had accumulated in the ninth and tenth centuries could be curtailed without disaster in the favourable economic climate of the eleventh century .

The Feoda contains the names of around 1,900 lords and knights , ranging from substantial aristocrats to landless warriors , grouped under the headings of the twenty-six castellanies of Champagne .
the feoda contains the names of around 1,900 lords and knights , ranging from [large] aristocrats to landless warriors , grouped under the headings of the twenty-six castellanies of champagne .

Thirteenth-century inquests were to see a substantial increase in this percentage .
thirteenth-century inquests were to see a [large] increase in this percentage .

However the movement for some degree of independence , some autonomy , was not confined to substantial towns .
however the movement for some degree of independence , some autonomy , was not confined to [large] towns .

While the Japanese record of productivity improvement has been remarkable , aggregated data masks substantial variations according to firm size which tend to be more marked than in most other advanced economies .
while the japanese record of productivity improvement has been remarkable , aggregated data masks [large] variations according to firm size which tend to be more marked than in most other advanced economies .

Commercial banks have generally been able to provide the finance necessary to support the huge increase in investment because they have collected substantial deposits from savers .
commercial banks have generally been able to provide the finance necessary to support the huge increase in investment because they have collected [large] deposits from savers .

Japan 's financial structure offers large companies significant advantages in access to funds to finance rapid expansion , and offers substantial support for them to survive periodic recessions .
japan 's financial structure offers large companies significant advantages in access to funds to finance rapid expansion , and offers [large] support for them to survive periodic recessions .

difference between buying and selling prices ) , it usually takes a substantial rise to enable investors to sell out at a profit .
difference between buying and selling prices ) , it usually takes a [large] rise to enable investors to sell out at a profit .

This one proved a disaster doing nothing significant , and the huge spread prevented investors from selling out except at a substantial loss .
this one proved a disaster doing nothing significant , and the huge spread prevented investors from selling out except at a [large] loss .

Indeed , the author once took a phone-in for 100,000 shares in Leading Leisure , which netted him a substantial commission , although he had to fight off an unscrupulous colleague who had tried to seize the telephone receiver .
indeed , the author once took a phone-in for 100,000 shares in leading leisure , which netted him a [large] commission , although he had to fight off an unscrupulous colleague who had tried to seize the telephone receiver .

We have introduced the term computer , and by this we mean a device which can process substantial quantities of data without detailed human intervention .
we have introduced the term computer , and by this we mean a device which can process [large] quantities of data without detailed human intervention .

Differences of this kind are both substantial and early to appear ( Wells , 1982 , 1985 ) , and whilst no doubt partly attributable to differences in genetic endowment , they are almost certainly also due to differences in the opportunities for learning that are provided by children 's linguistic environments .
differences of this kind are both [large] and early to appear ( wells , 1982 , 1985 ) , and whilst no doubt partly attributable to differences in genetic endowment , they are almost certainly also due to differences in the opportunities for learning that are provided by children 's linguistic environments .

( 1980 ) , produced little evidence that there really is a substantial difference between homes of different social classes in the quality of interaction that children experience with their parents .
( 1980 ) , produced little evidence that there really is a [large] difference between homes of different social classes in the quality of interaction that children experience with their parents .

Bjornsson went on to study the newspapers of 11 countries , and found substantial differences , which he argued could not be attributed to the idiosyncrasies of the languages .
bjornsson went on to study the newspapers of 11 countries , and found [large] differences , which he argued could not be attributed to the idiosyncrasies of the languages .

There was a similar letter from Glasgow ; this time the writing was marginally more educated , and the paper of slightly heavier stock , but the letter was couched in the same guarded terms : a half-yearly profit that was a substantial increase on the same period last year .
there was a similar letter from glasgow ; this time the writing was marginally more educated , and the paper of slightly heavier stock , but the letter was couched in the same guarded terms : a half-yearly profit that was a [large] increase on the same period last year .

She had offered a substantial reward for information which led to the capture of either of them , and had used what contacts she had with the London constabulary to have them both placed on their wanted lists — officially they were sought in connection with the `` murderous attack `` on two of her employees .
she had offered a [large] reward for information which led to the capture of either of them , and had used what contacts she had with the london constabulary to have them both placed on their wanted lists — officially they were sought in connection with the `` murderous attack `` on two of her employees .

If you could put the word around that a substantial reward will be paid for information leading to the boy 's capture . ``
if you could put the word around that a [large] reward will be paid for information leading to the boy 's capture . ``

The alternative conclusion is that if democracy is not to be immobilized it must be founded on a substantial degree of social and economic equality — that is , on the existence of a real and concrete common interest in society .
the alternative conclusion is that if democracy is not to be immobilized it must be founded on a [large] degree of social and economic equality — that is , on the existence of a real and concrete common interest in society .

So far from being something which was realized ( where it has been realized ) when universal suffrage was finally achieved , that very substantial and important achievement might reasonably be regarded as only the first step on the road to the creation of a fully democratic society .
so far from being something which was realized ( where it has been realized ) when universal suffrage was finally achieved , that very [large] and important achievement might reasonably be regarded as only the first step on the road to the creation of a fully democratic society .

The Crusade received very substantial financial backing for the organization of the march from the right-wing military and political parties .
the crusade received very [large] financial backing for the organization of the march from the right-wing military and political parties .

An inspection of the results for individual questions shows that although fewer pupils in the bottom third obtained the correct answer in each case than did other pupils , a substantial proportion did so in many cases .
an inspection of the results for individual questions shows that although fewer pupils in the bottom third obtained the correct answer in each case than did other pupils , a [large] proportion did so in many cases .

Some questions in the tests were answered correctly by a substantial proportion of pupils in the lowest third .
some questions in the tests were answered correctly by a [large] proportion of pupils in the lowest third .

Only amongst the top band did a substantial number of pupils perform the incorrect version 8 ÷ 3 rather than 3 ÷ 8 .
only amongst the top band did a [large] number of pupils perform the incorrect version 8 ÷ 3 rather than 3 ÷ 8 .

There was some evidence that a substantial number of pupils do not know a mnemonic for remembering the number of days in a month .
there was some evidence that a [large] number of pupils do not know a mnemonic for remembering the number of days in a month .

Nothing substantial hangs on the decision .
nothing [large] hangs on the decision .

Any other arrestable offence may be serious if its commission has led to or is likely to lead to : ( a ) serious harm to the security of the state or public order ; ( b ) serious interference with the administration of justice or with the investigation of offences ; ( c ) death ; ( d ) serious injury ; ( e ) substantial financial gain or serious financial loss .
any other arrestable offence may be serious if its commission has led to or is likely to lead to : ( a ) serious harm to the security of the state or public order ; ( b ) serious interference with the administration of justice or with the investigation of offences ; ( c ) death ; ( d ) serious injury ; ( e ) [large] financial gain or serious financial loss .

( c ) The material is likely to be of substantial value to the investigation and is likely to be admissible in evidence .
( c ) the material is likely to be of [large] value to the investigation and is likely to be admissible in evidence .

( iii ) the material is likely to be of substantial value to the Investigation .
( iii ) the material is likely to be of [large] value to the investigation .

The Law Commission proposing the offence had confined it to situations where the alarm or distress experienced was `` substantial `` but this requirement was dropped from the Act itself .
the law commission proposing the offence had confined it to situations where the alarm or distress experienced was `` [large] `` but this requirement was dropped from the act itself .

Young babies inflict substantial disruption on their mother 's sleep in their first three months of life , when they are at their most dependent , when the mother 's judgement and good temper are most important .
young babies inflict [large] disruption on their mother 's sleep in their first three months of life , when they are at their most dependent , when the mother 's judgement and good temper are most important .

However , this assumption does not take account of the substantial inter- and intra-embryo variation in developmental timing ( assessed with respect to morphological and/or cell cycle stage ) which is always encountered .
however , this assumption does not take account of the [large] inter- and intra-embryo variation in developmental timing ( assessed with respect to morphological and/or cell cycle stage ) which is always encountered .

The wind was violent and felt substantial enough to lean against .
the wind was violent and felt [large] enough to lean against .

The Canongate sample is not necessarily typical , but in almost all these families , all children , boys or girls , gave a substantial part of their earnings to their parents , never less than half and usually more .
the canongate sample is not necessarily typical , but in almost all these families , all children , boys or girls , gave a [large] part of their earnings to their parents , never less than half and usually more .

Indeed , a full account of the project in any one school might comprise a substantial case study in the tradition of Elizabeth Richardson 's ( 1973 ) report of Nailsea School , or Sharp and Green 's ( 1975 ) account of a child-centred infant school .
indeed , a full account of the project in any one school might comprise a [large] case study in the tradition of elizabeth richardson 's ( 1973 ) report of nailsea school , or sharp and green 's ( 1975 ) account of a child-centred infant school .

Moreover , notwithstanding the different degrees to which individual teachers appeared to have taken on board the implications for progressive pedagogies , we believe that a substantial improvement in teachers ' awareness of the potential of the library as a central resource , and of the development of information-handling skills entailed therein , was a real consequence of the project in this school .
moreover , notwithstanding the different degrees to which individual teachers appeared to have taken on board the implications for progressive pedagogies , we believe that a [large] improvement in teachers ' awareness of the potential of the library as a central resource , and of the development of information-handling skills entailed therein , was a real consequence of the project in this school .

But however the relationship between these was seen , staff generally agreed that the developments in this aspect of the school 's provision were substantial and were in a direction of which they approved .
but however the relationship between these was seen , staff generally agreed that the developments in this aspect of the school 's provision were [large] and were in a direction of which they approved .

5.4.2 In both schools this combination of policy and staff commitment resulted in substantial improvements to the infrastructure in both physical facilities and personnel .
5.4.2 in both schools this combination of policy and staff commitment resulted in [large] improvements to the infrastructure in both physical facilities and personnel .

The administration and supervision of the Minor project are undertaken by DCSLs , unsupported by the Project Coordinating Team , whose efforts are reserved for the more substantial Major Project .
the administration and supervision of the minor project are undertaken by dcsls , unsupported by the project coordinating team , whose efforts are reserved for the more [large] major project .

The democracy movement outside China may only play a more substantial role if a new power vacuum allows the exiles to return home — although , like Sun Yat-sen 's Tongmenghui party after the 1911 revolution , they may still be outmanoeuvred by domestic political forces .
the democracy movement outside china may only play a more [large] role if a new power vacuum allows the exiles to return home — although , like sun yat-sen 's tongmenghui party after the 1911 revolution , they may still be outmanoeuvred by domestic political forces .

On the contrary , in both capitalist and non-capitalist states they have grown , in spite of a tendency in both camps to encourage private or other non-state direction , planning and management even in countries dedicated in theory to neo-liberalism , the sheer weight of what public revenue and expenditure represent in the economies of states , but above all their growing role as agents of substantial redistributions of the social income by means of fiscal and welfare mechanisms , have probably made the national state a more central factor in the lives of the world 's inhabitants than before .
on the contrary , in both capitalist and non-capitalist states they have grown , in spite of a tendency in both camps to encourage private or other non-state direction , planning and management even in countries dedicated in theory to neo-liberalism , the sheer weight of what public revenue and expenditure represent in the economies of states , but above all their growing role as agents of [large] redistributions of the social income by means of fiscal and welfare mechanisms , have probably made the national state a more central factor in the lives of the world 's inhabitants than before .

For in each country where the game had taken hold , the essential English principles had been retained , but the game had been redefined , building up traditions and skills as substantial as anything within the English game .
for in each country where the game had taken hold , the essential english principles had been retained , but the game had been redefined , building up traditions and skills as [large] as anything within the english game .

The ‘ post-modern force-field ’ — as one writer has called it — has wrought substantial alterations to our assumptions about the emancipatory project of ‘ the modern ’ .
the ‘ post-modern force-field ’ — as one writer has called it — has wrought [large] alterations to our assumptions about the emancipatory project of ‘ the modern ’ .

It is built on a very substantial fibreglass pcb with the larger components adequately supported by plastics ties .
it is built on a very [large] fibreglass pcb with the larger components adequately supported by plastics ties .

They were concerned with only limits amenity services unless the county council delegated something more substantial .
they were concerned with only limits amenity services unless the county council delegated something more [large] .

Thus the proportion of the population , as opposed to the number of local authorities , under Labour control might be substantial .
thus the proportion of the population , as opposed to the number of local authorities , under labour control might be [large] .

The non-metropolitan counties , or ‘ shire ’ counties as they have come to be called , are substantial local authorities in terms of both area and population ( see Map 3.1 and Table 3.2 ) .
the non-metropolitan counties , or ‘ shire ’ counties as they have come to be called , are [large] local authorities in terms of both area and population ( see map 3.1 and table 3.2 ) .

Page considers : ‘ There was little enthusiasm for the legislation among Members of Parliament , and substantial opposition from local councillors ’ ( Page 1983:44 ) .
page considers : ‘ there was little enthusiasm for the legislation among members of parliament , and [large] opposition from local councillors ’ ( page 1983:44 ) .

Labour continued to control Lothian Regional Council and engaged in substantial disagreements with Conservative governments .
labour continued to control lothian regional council and engaged in [large] disagreements with conservative governments .

Finally , dissatisfaction with housing conditions produced schemes for slum clearance or improvement and substantial house-building programmes .
finally , dissatisfaction with housing conditions produced schemes for slum clearance or improvement and [large] house-building programmes .

Debt interest forms a substantial proportion of local authority expenditure : this burden was reduced as both capital expenditure and interest rates fell in the early 1980s .
debt interest forms a [large] proportion of local authority expenditure : this burden was reduced as both capital expenditure and interest rates fell in the early 1980s .

The sale of council houses has produced substantial capital receipts , and smaller amounts have come from the sale of other assets .
the sale of council houses has produced [large] capital receipts , and smaller amounts have come from the sale of other assets .

Although these various sources of other income provide substantial sums of money , they only occasionally provoke political controversy .
although these various sources of other income provide [large] sums of money , they only occasionally provoke political controversy .

Capital value rating has received more substantial support .
capital value rating has received more [large] support .

Any substantial evasion increases the burden on those who pay because central government grants assume a certain level of income from the community charge for each local authority .
any [large] evasion increases the burden on those who pay because central government grants assume a certain level of income from the community charge for each local authority .

First , any new source of revenue should be capable of producing a yield large enough to provide for the possibility of a substantial reduction in both grant and domestic rates .
first , any new source of revenue should be capable of producing a yield large enough to provide for the possibility of a [large] reduction in both grant and domestic rates .

In addition to these considerations of Layfield , the collection of the tax should not be excessively costly or present substantial new administrative problems .
in addition to these considerations of layfield , the collection of the tax should not be excessively costly or present [large] new administrative problems .

Employers may be expected to allow reasonable opportunities for their employees to engage in public service , but substantial demands for time off may either be refused or constitute a block to career advancement .
employers may be expected to allow reasonable opportunities for their employees to engage in public service , but [large] demands for time off may either be refused or constitute a block to career advancement .

There may be many councillors , therefore , who suffer substantial though undefinable loss of job opportunities through their council membership .
there may be many councillors , therefore , who suffer [large] though undefinable loss of job opportunities through their council membership .

The small ‘ upper class ’ consists of those with substantial holdings of productive wealth .
the small ‘ upper class ’ consists of those with [large] holdings of productive wealth .

The economic and social position of this upper class is determined by their ownership of productive wealth , and the substantial incomes they gain through such ownership .
the economic and social position of this upper class is determined by their ownership of productive wealth , and the [large] incomes they gain through such ownership .

Substantial shareholdings remain in very few hands .
[large] shareholdings remain in very few hands .

Evidence on shares of wealth seem to show a substantial reduction in the degree of inequality — even if we are very far away from equal shares .
evidence on shares of wealth seem to show a [large] reduction in the degree of inequality — even if we are very far away from equal shares .

The importance of inheritance , and the barriers to gaining substantial wealth through saving or employment mean that the upper class has maintained a considerable degree of social closure .
the importance of inheritance , and the barriers to gaining [large] wealth through saving or employment mean that the upper class has maintained a considerable degree of social closure .

This is still most emphatically true of contemporary societies , where the class structures are far from fully ‘ open ’ and hence where the degrees of structuration remain substantial .
this is still most emphatically true of contemporary societies , where the class structures are far from fully ‘ open ’ and hence where the degrees of structuration remain [large] .

In 1972 , found Heller ( 1973 ) , 45 per cent of the directors of Britain 's top 200 firms owned substantial shareholdings in the firm .
in 1972 , found heller ( 1973 ) , 45 per cent of the directors of britain 's top 200 firms owned [large] shareholdings in the firm .

Although a significant feature of the 1990 accounts was the substantial fall in the value of investments there had been a significant recovery of the losses so far in 1991 :
although a significant feature of the 1990 accounts was the [large] fall in the value of investments there had been a significant recovery of the losses so far in 1991 :

It was a substantial house standing at the corner of a tree-lined street in an Irish neighbourhood of the city .
it was a [large] house standing at the corner of a tree-lined street in an irish neighbourhood of the city .

He remained just long enough to save a substantial sum by the standards of Irish wealth and then came home with his newly acquired capital .
he remained just long enough to save a [large] sum by the standards of irish wealth and then came home with his newly acquired capital .

Was Korea of sufficient importance for the United States to accept a substantial financial and political involvement ?
was korea of sufficient importance for the united states to accept a [large] financial and political involvement ?

Mr Rusk replied that the inference that the United States had decided to abandon the Republic of Korea to its enemies was scarcely warranted in the light of the substantial material aid and political support which we had furnished and were furnishing to that Republic .
mr rusk replied that the inference that the united states had decided to abandon the republic of korea to its enemies was scarcely warranted in the light of the [large] material aid and political support which we had furnished and were furnishing to that republic .

Not surprisingly the substantial economic burdens of administering Japan fell heavily on American shoulders ; it was not long before economy-minded members of Congress began to express doubts about economic policy in Japan .
not surprisingly the [large] economic burdens of administering japan fell heavily on american shoulders ; it was not long before economy-minded members of congress began to express doubts about economic policy in japan .

Likewise Guinness has established a substantial operation in Edinburgh to manage its distilled products , even though its headquarters remain in London .
likewise guinness has established a [large] operation in edinburgh to manage its distilled products , even though its headquarters remain in london .

With a team of eminent academics , from Germany , France , Spain , Italy and Britain , an overall editor in the shape of Jean-Baptiste Durosell , former professor of contemporary history at the Sorbonne , and the backing of a powerful group of international publishers , he attempted the task of assembling , in one substantial but accessible volume , a distillation of all the elements , chronological , geographical , ethnographic , cultural , philosophical , spiritual , which have blended down the centuries to create the state of ‘ Europeanness ’ .
with a team of eminent academics , from germany , france , spain , italy and britain , an overall editor in the shape of jean-baptiste durosell , former professor of contemporary history at the sorbonne , and the backing of a powerful group of international publishers , he attempted the task of assembling , in one [large] but accessible volume , a distillation of all the elements , chronological , geographical , ethnographic , cultural , philosophical , spiritual , which have blended down the centuries to create the state of ‘ europeanness ’ .

Over and above such day-to-day management , the Church of England has made substantial efforts in recent years to rationalise its portfolio of buildings .
over and above such day-to-day management , the church of england has made [large] efforts in recent years to rationalise its portfolio of buildings .

The country possessed a substantial defence industry — including , in Rolls Royce , the biggest aero-engine manufacturer in Europe .
the country possessed a [large] defence industry — including , in rolls royce , the biggest aero-engine manufacturer in europe .

Companies using substantial amounts of power are finding that effective buying demands close and detailed management attention , often backed by significantly more electronic metering and statistical analysis than they have used in the past — in one instance , a prospective supplier demanded to see consumption levels taken at half-hour intervals throughout the year .
companies using [large] amounts of power are finding that effective buying demands close and detailed management attention , often backed by significantly more electronic metering and statistical analysis than they have used in the past — in one instance , a prospective supplier demanded to see consumption levels taken at half-hour intervals throughout the year .

Both Harland & Wolff and Short Brothers , two of the traditional employers in Belfast , are now privatised and both have benefited from the transition . Substantial debts were written off by the Government during the change
both harland & wolff and short brothers , two of the traditional employers in belfast , are now privatised and both have benefited from the transition . [large] debts were written off by the government during the change

Parker developed a formula that gave the employees and local community a substantial say in the new company , with 47 % of the equity going to employees , and 6 % to local banks , churches and interested parties .
parker developed a formula that gave the employees and local community a [large] say in the new company , with 47 % of the equity going to employees , and 6 % to local banks , churches and interested parties .

Further declines in infant mortality and substantial declines in mortality of older adults had to await the twentieth century , where the former was substantially responsible for the improved trend in expectation of life ( see Woods and Hinde 1987 ) .
further declines in infant mortality and [large] declines in mortality of older adults had to await the twentieth century , where the former was substantially responsible for the improved trend in expectation of life ( see woods and hinde 1987 ) .

There are substantial social and geographical differences in mortality at this time .
there are [large] social and geographical differences in mortality at this time .

In England the practice was not nearly as widespread as in France ( Langer 1972 ) , where ‘ only the middling poor , probably a substantial proportion of rural society , … nursed all their own infants ’ ( Flinn 1982 ) .
in england the practice was not nearly as widespread as in france ( langer 1972 ) , where ‘ only the middling poor , probably a [large] proportion of rural society , … nursed all their own infants ’ ( flinn 1982 ) .

By the early nineteenth century , and probably much earlier , substantial social and geographical gradients in infectious-disease mortality exist which are plausibly associated with nutritional status as well as environmental factors ( Rotberg and Rabb 1985 ) .
by the early nineteenth century , and probably much earlier , [large] social and geographical gradients in infectious-disease mortality exist which are plausibly associated with nutritional status as well as environmental factors ( rotberg and rabb 1985 ) .

Figure 3.4 shows the massive concentration of 25–44-year-olds to the north and west of London , in precisely those counties which have recently had substantial population increases and which are regarded as some of the most prosperous places in the country ( Champion et al .
figure 3.4 shows the massive concentration of 25–44-year-olds to the north and west of london , in precisely those counties which have recently had [large] population increases and which are regarded as some of the most prosperous places in the country ( champion et al .

In aggregate , substantial gross flows occurred between all zones , although an inflow to an individual ring was not necessarily from its own core or outer ring .
in aggregate , [large] gross flows occurred between all zones , although an inflow to an individual ring was not necessarily from its own core or outer ring .

During the 1980s rural populations have grown more slowly then they did ten years earlier and some have declined ; in contrast not only has there been a substantial slowdown in the rate of London 's population decline ( Britton 1986 ) , but it has now gone into reverse in a small way .
during the 1980s rural populations have grown more slowly then they did ten years earlier and some have declined ; in contrast not only has there been a [large] slowdown in the rate of london 's population decline ( britton 1986 ) , but it has now gone into reverse in a small way .

It divides the population into just three substantial , although unequal sections — in 1989 66 per cent of households were owner-occupiers , 24 per cent rented from a local authority , 6 per cent rented privately , 2 per cent from a housing association .
it divides the population into just three [large] , although unequal sections — in 1989 66 per cent of households were owner-occupiers , 24 per cent rented from a local authority , 6 per cent rented privately , 2 per cent from a housing association .

Throughout the 1950s the birchers and floggers had been ably represented by a coterie of MPs — Wing Commander Bullus , Brigadier Clarke , Brigadier Medlicott , Captain Waterhouse and the irrepressible Sir Thomas Moore — who had tormented a succession of Home Office spokesmen with their ghoulish enthusiasms , with a substantial measure of support for their aims .
throughout the 1950s the birchers and floggers had been ably represented by a coterie of mps — wing commander bullus , brigadier clarke , brigadier medlicott , captain waterhouse and the irrepressible sir thomas moore — who had tormented a succession of home office spokesmen with their ghoulish enthusiasms , with a [large] measure of support for their aims .

But although ‘ Tuxy ’ Girdle may not have been a youthful Hooligan , it did emerge that he had been running whores and he received a substantial sentence of penal servitude for the assault on the man whom the gang had suspected of being a police spy .
but although ‘ tuxy ’ girdle may not have been a youthful hooligan , it did emerge that he had been running whores and he received a [large] sentence of penal servitude for the assault on the man whom the gang had suspected of being a police spy .

And yet it Ackroyd 's love for Dickens which is this book 's only substantial deficiency .
and yet it ackroyd 's love for dickens which is this book 's only [large] deficiency .

But in the mid-1980s , a 34-year-old advertising executive earning a substantial living who chucks it aside to help forge a Utopian society is an anachronism , more like a character in a Peter Carey novel than real life .
but in the mid-1980s , a 34-year-old advertising executive earning a [large] living who chucks it aside to help forge a utopian society is an anachronism , more like a character in a peter carey novel than real life .

And a substantial 47 % were not satisfied with the frequency of lovemaking with their husbands/partners .
and a [large] 47 % were not satisfied with the frequency of lovemaking with their husbands/partners .

Cylinder cleaners may have a fourth , and their filters are often more substantial .
cylinder cleaners may have a fourth , and their filters are often more [large] .

It would seem clear that there was a civil disturbance of substantial size in the ‘ Garden ’ .
it would seem clear that there was a civil disturbance of [large] size in the ‘ garden ’ .

There appears to have been a substantial number of ‘ rank and file ’ supporters scattered across the whole of both Galilee and Judaea .
there appears to have been a [large] number of ‘ rank and file ’ supporters scattered across the whole of both galilee and judaea .

And , of course , the more of them he fulfils , the more substantial becomes his own Messianic claim .
and , of course , the more of them he fulfils , the more [large] becomes his own messianic claim .

As we discussed in our previous book , there is a substantial body of evidence in favour of the latter alternative .
as we discussed in our previous book , there is a [large] body of evidence in favour of the latter alternative .

And after both of the major revolts in Palestine — that of 66–74 and that of 132–5 substantial numbers of defeated Judaic militants are reported to have fled to Alexandria .
and after both of the major revolts in palestine — that of 66–74 and that of 132–5 [large] numbers of defeated judaic militants are reported to have fled to alexandria .

It is hardly surprising , therefore , that substantial vestiges of Nazarean thought found their way to this coast .
it is hardly surprising , therefore , that [large] vestiges of nazarean thought found their way to this coast .

Information offered by the Committee 's membership proved substantial enough to suggest something unprecedented was occurring in the borough , but not accurate enough to remove uncertainty and speculation about the size of the heroin problem .
information offered by the committee 's membership proved [large] enough to suggest something unprecedented was occurring in the borough , but not accurate enough to remove uncertainty and speculation about the size of the heroin problem .

It is believed that substantial numbers of ‘ additional ’ known drug users may have been ‘ missed ’ only in the case of GPs ( to whom 124 problem drug users were known exclusively in the first survey ) .
it is believed that [large] numbers of ‘ additional ’ known drug users may have been ‘ missed ’ only in the case of gps ( to whom 124 problem drug users were known exclusively in the first survey ) .

German Cities host many trade fairs and sometimes accommodation is limited , which can unfortunately lead to substantial supplements .
german cities host many trade fairs and sometimes accommodation is limited , which can unfortunately lead to [large] supplements .

German Cities host many trade fairs and sometimes accommodation is limited , which can unfortunately lead to substantial supplements .
german cities host many trade fairs and sometimes accommodation is limited , which can unfortunately lead to [large] supplements .

The greatest number of Contracting States have designated their Ministries of Justice ( or some organ of the Ministry , for example the French Ministry 's specialist bureau de l'entraide judiciaire internationale ) ; a substantial group of countries have placed the Central Authority within the courts service ( for example the Netherlands ' designation of the Officier van Justitie or public prosecutor attached to the District Court of The Hague ) ; and relatively few have retained the Foreign Ministry .
the greatest number of contracting states have designated their ministries of justice ( or some organ of the ministry , for example the french ministry 's specialist bureau de l'entraide judiciaire internationale ) ; a [large] group of countries have placed the central authority within the courts service ( for example the netherlands ' designation of the officier van justitie or public prosecutor attached to the district court of the hague ) ; and relatively few have retained the foreign ministry .

The use of substantial bank guarantees in support of the plaintiff 's undertakings would not necessarily be either practicable or , certainly where a foreign State was plaintiff , appropriate .
the use of [large] bank guarantees in support of the plaintiff 's undertakings would not necessarily be either practicable or , certainly where a foreign state was plaintiff , appropriate .

the Organisers shall accept full responsibility for making good any damage caused to the premises , furniture , equipment or other property of the University by conference/course participants , the Organisers , their agents , servants or contractors , and for the cost involved in any substantial alterations of the normal furniture layout of the accommodation to be used , or , where more than normal costs are involved , in cleaning it and restoring it to order after use .
the organisers shall accept full responsibility for making good any damage caused to the premises , furniture , equipment or other property of the university by conference/course participants , the organisers , their agents , servants or contractors , and for the cost involved in any [large] alterations of the normal furniture layout of the accommodation to be used , or , where more than normal costs are involved , in cleaning it and restoring it to order after use .

There is a substantial body of research comparing the income of the retired population in Britain with those below retirement age .
there is a [large] body of research comparing the income of the retired population in britain with those below retirement age .

There are substantial differences in mortality rates among older people in developed countries ( Table 3.3 ) .
there are [large] differences in mortality rates among older people in developed countries ( table 3.3 ) .

However , over this period there has been a substantial improvement in late age ( i.e .
however , over this period there has been a [large] improvement in late age ( i.e .

This is , perhaps , not surprising as , over the lifetime of the current cohort of older people , there have been very substantial improvements in the health of the British population .
this is , perhaps , not surprising as , over the lifetime of the current cohort of older people , there have been very [large] improvements in the health of the british population .

It is a common stereotype that substantial numbers of acute hospital beds are occupied by older people who no longer need them .
it is a common stereotype that [large] numbers of acute hospital beds are occupied by older people who no longer need them .

How such probably very extensive unmet need will be met without a substantial increase in resources remains to be seen .
how such probably very extensive unmet need will be met without a [large] increase in resources remains to be seen .

In She and Allan a substantial subplot concerning the kidnapping of half-Portuguese Inez Robertson by the Amahaggar and her rescue by Allan and Umslopagaas , and the tremendous duel between the Zulu warrior and Ayesha 's gigantic adversary Reza , lightens the inflated , intense musings of the goddess woman .
in she and allan a [large] subplot concerning the kidnapping of half-portuguese inez robertson by the amahaggar and her rescue by allan and umslopagaas , and the tremendous duel between the zulu warrior and ayesha 's gigantic adversary reza , lightens the inflated , intense musings of the goddess woman .

However , once a number of additional begging letters — requests for interviews — were sent , it became apparent that there were a substantial number of Diana 's ‘ inner circle ’ who felt it was time to set her record straight .
however , once a number of additional begging letters — requests for interviews — were sent , it became apparent that there were a [large] number of diana 's ‘ inner circle ’ who felt it was time to set her record straight .

The infant was heir to a rapidly diminishing but still substantial fortune accumulated in the fifteenth century when the Spencers were among the wealthiest sheep traders in Europe .
the infant was heir to a rapidly diminishing but still [large] fortune accumulated in the fifteenth century when the spencers were among the wealthiest sheep traders in europe .

Screened from the road by trees and shrubs , the house is substantial but its dirty , sand-brick exterior makes it appear rather bleak and lonely .
screened from the road by trees and shrubs , the house is [large] but its dirty , sand-brick exterior makes it appear rather bleak and lonely .

is that a person who acts as a representative of another is in a conflict of interest situation if , either at the time when he accepts appointment or subsequently while he acts as a representative , there is a material interest of his own or of a third person for whom he also acts , and the pursuit or protection of that interest would create a substantial risk that he may not act in the best way to pursue or protect the interest of the person he represents .
is that a person who acts as a representative of another is in a conflict of interest situation if , either at the time when he accepts appointment or subsequently while he acts as a representative , there is a material interest of his own or of a third person for whom he also acts , and the pursuit or protection of that interest would create a [large] risk that he may not act in the best way to pursue or protect the interest of the person he represents .

Insiders can ‘ accumulate quite a substantial position in stock without running up the price or otherwise attracting notice .
insiders can ‘ accumulate quite a [large] position in stock without running up the price or otherwise attracting notice .

Similarly , in a widely quoted study conducted by Wu , the findings were that a ‘ substantial impact of insider trading on stock prices could not be expected .
similarly , in a widely quoted study conducted by wu , the findings were that a ‘ [large] impact of insider trading on stock prices could not be expected .

Rule 14e-3 imposes an ‘ abstain or disclose ’ requirement in the event of an offeror commencing or taking ‘ substantial steps ’ to commence a tender offer .
rule 14e-3 imposes an ‘ abstain or disclose ’ requirement in the event of an offeror commencing or taking ‘ [large] steps ’ to commence a tender offer .

The term substantial steps is used because prior to that stage it is generally assumed that there is nothing for the offeror to disclose publicly .
the term [large] steps is used because prior to that stage it is generally assumed that there is nothing for the offeror to disclose publicly .

Customers confirming bookings before 31 January 1992 are entitled to substantial discounts off a wide range of holidays , these are detailed below .
customers confirming bookings before 31 january 1992 are entitled to [large] discounts off a wide range of holidays , these are detailed below .

The hotel 's restaurant serves a buffet breakfast and a substantial and well-prepared choice of meals at other times .
the hotel 's restaurant serves a buffet breakfast and a [large] and well-prepared choice of meals at other times .

What will happen if schools fail to comply with the recommendations remains to be seen — so far introduction of reviews has resulted in substantial voluntary initiatives for change in all Dutch medical schools .
what will happen if schools fail to comply with the recommendations remains to be seen — so far introduction of reviews has resulted in [large] voluntary initiatives for change in all dutch medical schools .

To be fair we have also been offered the chance of revising articles which attracted substantial justifiable criticism .
to be fair we have also been offered the chance of revising articles which attracted [large] justifiable criticism .

We also found there is a substantial trim change between first stage of flap and full flap .
we also found there is a [large] trim change between first stage of flap and full flap .

The circlip did not appear capable of resisting a substantial axial load .
the circlip did not appear capable of resisting a [large] axial load .

It remains true , however , that it is still deeply contentious to suggest the possibility of points of view in philosophy , let alone that substantial conclusions might be drawn from them .
it remains true , however , that it is still deeply contentious to suggest the possibility of points of view in philosophy , let alone that [large] conclusions might be drawn from them .

These are concerns shared by substantial numbers of feminists .
these are concerns shared by [large] numbers of feminists .

’ The new Metro has a tangible big car feel to it : ‘ Somehow it feels more substantial than other small cars .
’ the new metro has a tangible big car feel to it : ‘ somehow it feels more [large] than other small cars .

If John Major signed the proposed treaty at Maastricht without first securing substantial concessions , Robertson intends to go on the warpath with a national campaign to reverse the decision .
if john major signed the proposed treaty at maastricht without first securing [large] concessions , robertson intends to go on the warpath with a national campaign to reverse the decision .

Would you like something more substantial ?
would you like something more [large] ?

There would be two effects : the dependent financial relationships between husbands and wives would be considerably loosened , and unmarried women with dependants would have a substantial non-means-tested income as of right .
there would be two effects : the dependent financial relationships between husbands and wives would be considerably loosened , and unmarried women with dependants would have a [large] non-means-tested income as of right .

The additional earnings-related components of the state pension is based on the best twenty years ' earnings , so those who are out of the labour market for substantial periods ( mainly women ) have little choice of which periods of earnings to take .
the additional earnings-related components of the state pension is based on the best twenty years ' earnings , so those who are out of the labour market for [large] periods ( mainly women ) have little choice of which periods of earnings to take .

In the long run , of course , not only is this inefficient , but it costs more than the single , substantial investment .
in the long run , of course , not only is this inefficient , but it costs more than the single , [large] investment .

Yet the poorest and neediest must spend substantial proportions of their scant resources in these negative , and , it should surely be added , de-moralizing , ways .
yet the poorest and neediest must spend [large] proportions of their scant resources in these negative , and , it should surely be added , de-moralizing , ways .

Although there was a great deal of debate about education after 1944 , much of it up to 1951 focused on the eradication of class differences , not gender differences , in an endeavour to build a more buoyant economy and develop a substantial welfare state .
although there was a great deal of debate about education after 1944 , much of it up to 1951 focused on the eradication of class differences , not gender differences , in an endeavour to build a more buoyant economy and develop a [large] welfare state .

Substantial parts of Freud have stood up to further research — for example , the general presence of infantile sexuality .
[large] parts of freud have stood up to further research — for example , the general presence of infantile sexuality .

But he gave a rare interview yesterday , stressing his belief that his report had been grossly misrepresented and that numbers infected heterosexually were ‘ substantial ’ and growing .
but he gave a rare interview yesterday , stressing his belief that his report had been grossly misrepresented and that numbers infected heterosexually were ‘ [large] ’ and growing .

The elder Despenser was rewarded with the lordship of Denbigh , and the younger Despenser received substantial grants not just of Lancaster 's possessions but also the Bohun lordships of Brecon , Hay and Huntingdon , Mortimer of Chirk 's lordship of Blaenllyfni , and the Welsh lands of Roger Clifford .
the elder despenser was rewarded with the lordship of denbigh , and the younger despenser received [large] grants not just of lancaster 's possessions but also the bohun lordships of brecon , hay and huntingdon , mortimer of chirk 's lordship of blaenllyfni , and the welsh lands of roger clifford .

Mortimer not only procured a reversal of the judgement against his father , but also very substantial portions of the forfeited Despenser lands , including the lordship of Denbigh , and property in Shropshire which the Earl of Arundel had forfeited .
mortimer not only procured a reversal of the judgement against his father , but also very [large] portions of the forfeited despenser lands , including the lordship of denbigh , and property in shropshire which the earl of arundel had forfeited .

These new powers , however , were buttressed by substantial grants of land , which led one chronicler to remark that the resources of the crown had been dissipated and a modern historian to comment rather sourly that ‘ hereditary offices and jurisdictions were scattered in a way hardly compatible either with the interests of the crown , or with sound finance ’ .
these new powers , however , were buttressed by [large] grants of land , which led one chronicler to remark that the resources of the crown had been dissipated and a modern historian to comment rather sourly that ‘ hereditary offices and jurisdictions were scattered in a way hardly compatible either with the interests of the crown , or with sound finance ’ .

In view of the king 's highly expensive schemes for securing allies in the Low Countries , however , even so substantial a grant was likely to prove insufficient .
in view of the king 's highly expensive schemes for securing allies in the low countries , however , even so [large] a grant was likely to prove insufficient .

Once assumed , the title could only be renounced in return for the most substantial concessions , and as long as Edward called himself Ring of France he could pose , with some success , as an alternative government to the Valois monarchy .
once assumed , the title could only be renounced in return for the most [large] concessions , and as long as edward called himself ring of france he could pose , with some success , as an alternative government to the valois monarchy .

Edward 's diplomatic achievement in Flanders was substantial , but it did little immediately to improve his position .
edward 's diplomatic achievement in flanders was [large] , but it did little immediately to improve his position .

In the summer of 1340 a substantial French fleet assembled in the estuary of Zwijn , near Sluys , intent on preventing English forces from landing in Flanders .
in the summer of 1340 a [large] french fleet assembled in the estuary of zwijn , near sluys , intent on preventing english forces from landing in flanders .

The king 's own achievements were the least substantial , and the murder of James van Artevelde by his enemies in Ghent weakened the English position there .
the king 's own achievements were the least [large] , and the murder of james van artevelde by his enemies in ghent weakened the english position there .

The king , of course , was the chief prize of Poitiers , and Edward intended that the price of his release should be not only a substantial ransom but also a definitive peace with France : the gains of battle needed to be consolidated by a diplomatic success .
the king , of course , was the chief prize of poitiers , and edward intended that the price of his release should be not only a [large] ransom but also a definitive peace with france : the gains of battle needed to be consolidated by a diplomatic success .

The Treaty of Brètigny provided for this , and a treaty which the French appeared for the moment willing to accept was a much more substantial victory for Edward than one which gave him a vast area on paper but which the French would be bound to resist .
the treaty of brètigny provided for this , and a treaty which the french appeared for the moment willing to accept was a much more [large] victory for edward than one which gave him a vast area on paper but which the french would be bound to resist .

His campaigns in Aquitaine , Normandy and Brittany in the 1340s and 1350s had been essentially plundering raids which had brought a substantial return for a modest outlay and had therefore enjoyed the support of the nobility and the commons .
his campaigns in aquitaine , normandy and brittany in the 1340s and 1350s had been essentially plundering raids which had brought a [large] return for a modest outlay and had therefore enjoyed the support of the nobility and the commons .

Edward had captured his adversaries of France and Scotland ; he had gained , on paper at least , the sovereign lordship of Aquitaine and had turned Calais into the most substantial military town the English kings had possessed in France since 1204 ; while his companions in arms had enriched themselves and won renown in battle .
edward had captured his adversaries of france and scotland ; he had gained , on paper at least , the sovereign lordship of aquitaine and had turned calais into the most [large] military town the english kings had possessed in france since 1204 ; while his companions in arms had enriched themselves and won renown in battle .

The frequency with which campaigns were organized in the 1340s , 1350s and 1370s and the need to provide substantial forces for the defence of English-held castles and towns encouraged the nobility to maintain permanent forces which might be augmented by the use of sub-contractors when necessary .
the frequency with which campaigns were organized in the 1340s , 1350s and 1370s and the need to provide [large] forces for the defence of english-held castles and towns encouraged the nobility to maintain permanent forces which might be augmented by the use of sub-contractors when necessary .

But none of this could disguise the fact that the great nobles had substantial bodies of experienced soldiers at their disposal .
but none of this could disguise the fact that the great nobles had [large] bodies of experienced soldiers at their disposal .

Edward no doubt hoped that part of the Clare inheritance and a substantial Irish patrimony would thus provide for Clarence and his heirs , but he died aged thirty in 1368 , leaving as the only child of his marriage a daughter , Philippa .
edward no doubt hoped that part of the clare inheritance and a [large] irish patrimony would thus provide for clarence and his heirs , but he died aged thirty in 1368 , leaving as the only child of his marriage a daughter , philippa .

His son-in-law , John Lord Neville , became Steward of the Household in 1371 , and he too enjoyed the profits of royal patronage , though he was a man of substantial inherited wealth from his estates in Durham and Yorkshire .
his son-in-law , john lord neville , became steward of the household in 1371 , and he too enjoyed the profits of royal patronage , though he was a man of [large] inherited wealth from his estates in durham and yorkshire .

The records of the parliament say very little about the nobility , yet it is probable that without their support the commons would have achieved few if any of their more substantial demands .
the records of the parliament say very little about the nobility , yet it is probable that without their support the commons would have achieved few if any of their more [large] demands .

The Earl of March had substantial grievances of his own against the court , and if the complaints of the commons and the hostility of some of the nobility were to be effectively co-ordinated , de la Mare 's influence would be crucial .
the earl of march had [large] grievances of his own against the court , and if the complaints of the commons and the hostility of some of the nobility were to be effectively co-ordinated , de la mare 's influence would be crucial .

If the ‘ opting out ’ provisions are financially advantageous to schools , a substantial move in this direction seems likely .
if the ‘ opting out ’ provisions are financially advantageous to schools , a [large] move in this direction seems likely .

Since the Trade Descriptions Act came into force in 1969 there is substantial and extensive case law deciding the question of due diligence .
since the trade descriptions act came into force in 1969 there is [large] and extensive case law deciding the question of due diligence .

Contrary to some critical comment , he believes that credit for obtaining substantial funding for the scheme should go to the Minister himself , for having taken a personal interest in the scheme .
contrary to some critical comment , he believes that credit for obtaining [large] funding for the scheme should go to the minister himself , for having taken a personal interest in the scheme .

The area has been affected by deep Tertiary weathering and substantial amounts of ilmenite have entered the secondary environment , especially through fluvioglacial erosion .
the area has been affected by deep tertiary weathering and [large] amounts of ilmenite have entered the secondary environment , especially through fluvioglacial erosion .

Lord Justice Neill said a substantial award was justified and the High Court jury was entitled to conclude that the publication of the article and its aftermath were a ‘ terrible ordeal ’ for Miss Rantzen .
lord justice neill said a [large] award was justified and the high court jury was entitled to conclude that the publication of the article and its aftermath were a ‘ terrible ordeal ’ for miss rantzen .

Pearson , which has a major stake in BSkyB , gained 4p to 451p while Granada , another substantial investor , put on a penny to 408p .
pearson , which has a major stake in bskyb , gained 4p to 451p while granada , another [large] investor , put on a penny to 408p .

As reported in last year 's Annual Report , the most serious factor in relation to purchasing for 1989–90 , owing to Government 's failure to meet the cost of nationally-negotiated pay awards over recent years , was the need to divert purchasing funds to pay essential salary costs during the year , thereby causing substantial reductions in the purchases of printed books of all periods , as well as manuscripts , maps and music .
as reported in last year 's annual report , the most serious factor in relation to purchasing for 1989–90 , owing to government 's failure to meet the cost of nationally-negotiated pay awards over recent years , was the need to divert purchasing funds to pay essential salary costs during the year , thereby causing [large] reductions in the purchases of printed books of all periods , as well as manuscripts , maps and music .

It is pleasing to report the purchase during the year from the private owner of twenty-four half-sheets of a copy of Breviarium Aberdonense ( Edinburgh , 1509–10 ) , generally known as the Aberdeen Breviary , the earliest surviving substantial work known to have been printed in Scotland .
it is pleasing to report the purchase during the year from the private owner of twenty-four half-sheets of a copy of breviarium aberdonense ( edinburgh , 1509–10 ) , generally known as the aberdeen breviary , the earliest surviving [large] work known to have been printed in scotland .

Works printed in the Gaelic of Scotland are actively sought by the Library , and a welcome addition this year was a substantial run of the rare journal Am Mosgladh ( The Awakening ) published in Sydney , Nova Scotia , between 1922 and 1933 , mainly for the expatriate Catholic community in Nova Scotia .
works printed in the gaelic of scotland are actively sought by the library , and a welcome addition this year was a [large] run of the rare journal am mosgladh ( the awakening ) published in sydney , nova scotia , between 1922 and 1933 , mainly for the expatriate catholic community in nova scotia .

The Manuscripts Division continued to acquire a substantial and varied amount of material , by donation , deposit , and purchase .
the manuscripts division continued to acquire a [large] and varied amount of material , by donation , deposit , and purchase .

The library was pleased to receive during the year a substantial donation in the form of the library of Sir George Taylor , former Director of the Royal Botanic Gardens , Kew .
the library was pleased to receive during the year a [large] donation in the form of the library of sir george taylor , former director of the royal botanic gardens , kew .

The need to engage in substantial transfers of stock , in addition to all the other day-to-day work of book delivery , and the stamping , placing , pressmarking and shelf-cataloguing of new accessions , has created serious staffing pressures .
the need to engage in [large] transfers of stock , in addition to all the other day-to-day work of book delivery , and the stamping , placing , pressmarking and shelf-cataloguing of new accessions , has created serious staffing pressures .

An increase of 18 % brings the number of 3-year tickets issued to 3,319 , and a very substantial increase of 30 % brings the issue of l-year undergraduate tickets to 1,595 .
an increase of 18 % brings the number of 3-year tickets issued to 3,319 , and a very [large] increase of 30 % brings the issue of l-year undergraduate tickets to 1,595 .

Clients are realising the benefits that we can offer and this has been reflected in the substantial growth that we have seen recently in sales performance , backed up of course by a dedicated service structure to ensure that customers stay with us .
clients are realising the benefits that we can offer and this has been reflected in the [large] growth that we have seen recently in sales performance , backed up of course by a dedicated service structure to ensure that customers stay with us .

There is no doubt that major changes are underway in higher education involving a substantial degree of devolution to the colleges for course design and assessment .
there is no doubt that major changes are underway in higher education involving a [large] degree of devolution to the colleges for course design and assessment .

These changes , which amount to a substantial achievement , are due to the courage and maturity of the Waterford workforce , who have demonstrated their determination to make sacrifices in order to preserve jobs and save manufacturing in Waterford .
these changes , which amount to a [large] achievement , are due to the courage and maturity of the waterford workforce , who have demonstrated their determination to make sacrifices in order to preserve jobs and save manufacturing in waterford .

Substantial Ordinary Shareholders at 30 March 1993
[large] ordinary shareholders at 30 march 1993

We are making two major changes designed to offer improved service to our clients and simultaneously to offer the chance for both the business , and the people in it , to reap substantial rewards .
we are making two major changes designed to offer improved service to our clients and simultaneously to offer the chance for both the business , and the people in it , to reap [large] rewards .

Millions of pounds in jobs and portfolio are available to us with substantial opportunities for leads and sales commission .
millions of pounds in jobs and portfolio are available to us with [large] opportunities for leads and sales commission .

Rowland Compliance Testing [ which was formerly known as Power Certification Limited ] has established a substantial portfolio of quality blue-chip customers throughout the country , and is poised for substantial growth .
rowland compliance testing [ which was formerly known as power certification limited ] has established a [large] portfolio of quality blue-chip customers throughout the country , and is poised for [large] growth .

In schools , the most notable growth has been in the use of 81200 Work Experience 1 — enrolments for this module have increased by over 200 % ; other substantial increases were for the Communications and Mathematics modules .
in schools , the most notable growth has been in the use of 81200 work experience 1 — enrolments for this module have increased by over 200 % ; other [large] increases were for the communications and mathematics modules .

They gradually caught on at other establishments , although not on such a substantial scale .
they gradually caught on at other establishments , although not on such a [large] scale .

Substantial reductions in staff numbers have also been necessary .
[large] reductions in staff numbers have also been necessary .

Substantial numbers of actuaries are also employed in specialist investment firms , in industry , in Government service and in general insurance .
[large] numbers of actuaries are also employed in specialist investment firms , in industry , in government service and in general insurance .

failure to detect substantial defects in a property during a standard structural survey .
failure to detect [large] defects in a property during a standard structural survey .

after purchase substantial work required and new survey indicated only value was that of the site .
after purchase [large] work required and new survey indicated only value was that of the site .

it was held that the pursuer would almost certainly succeed against his employer but where a substantial question remained about his fault it would be inappropriate to make any award against the master .
it was held that the pursuer would almost certainly succeed against his employer but where a [large] question remained about his fault it would be inappropriate to make any award against the master .

Precisely what is meant by ‘ any substantial finding of contributory negligence ’ is open to some dispute at present , the view having been expressed by one judge that any contributory negligence greater than a minimal amount , must be substantial and hence prevent any interim payment .
precisely what is meant by ‘ any [large] finding of contributory negligence ’ is open to some dispute at present , the view having been expressed by one judge that any contributory negligence greater than a minimal amount , must be [large] and hence prevent any interim payment .

While it is important in that costs will be saved , it must also be appreciated that in claims of considerable value there is possibly some advantage to be gained from making a substantial interim payment so that any question of interest on loss accruing between the date of the accident and the date of Proof , does not arise .
while it is important in that costs will be saved , it must also be appreciated that in claims of considerable value there is possibly some advantage to be gained from making a [large] interim payment so that any question of interest on loss accruing between the date of the accident and the date of proof , does not arise .

Frequently , one encounters a substantial claim for future loss of earnings with very inadequate vouching of the pursuer 's pre or post accident employment history .
frequently , one encounters a [large] claim for future loss of earnings with very inadequate vouching of the pursuer 's pre or post accident employment history .

With these vessels the damage to both hull and machinery following the striking of a submerged object can be substantial .
with these vessels the damage to both hull and machinery following the striking of a submerged object can be [large] .

‘ In summary , we have made substantial progress at the half year and we expect this positive trend to be maintained .
‘ in summary , we have made [large] progress at the half year and we expect this positive trend to be maintained .

There was a substantial improvement in the Personal Motor account which continues to benefit from careful risk selection and a lower underlying claims frequency .
there was a [large] improvement in the personal motor account which continues to benefit from careful risk selection and a lower underlying claims frequency .

Premium income in currency was up nearly 17 % as a result of substantial rate increases and further rating action will come into effect during the third quarter .
premium income in currency was up nearly 17 % as a result of [large] rate increases and further rating action will come into effect during the third quarter .

In the United Kingdom the Homeowners ' account continued to show substantial improvement with a reduced level of subsidence claims .
in the united kingdom the homeowners ' account continued to show [large] improvement with a reduced level of subsidence claims .

Substantial improvement with losses down from $ 20.9m to $ 7.8m .
[large] improvement with losses down from $ 20.9m to $ 7.8m .

Substantial improvement despite continuing impact of arson and crime related claims .
[large] improvement despite continuing impact of arson and crime related claims .

‘ In the United Kingdom action on expenses and more selective underwriting procedures have resulted in a substantial reduction in underwriting losses at the half year , even after additional reserve strengthening .
‘ in the united kingdom action on expenses and more selective underwriting procedures have resulted in a [large] reduction in underwriting losses at the half year , even after additional reserve strengthening .

We are naturally disappointed that substantial catastrophe losses have come at a time when the pace of our underlying recovery is accelerating , but we are confident that the improvement in our performance is soundly based and will continue to show through as strong management action proves increasingly effective . ’
we are naturally disappointed that [large] catastrophe losses have come at a time when the pace of our underlying recovery is accelerating , but we are confident that the improvement in our performance is soundly based and will continue to show through as strong management action proves increasingly effective . ’

‘ Action taken to contain operating costs and introduce more selective underwriting procedures has proved increasingly effective and we have reported a substantial recovery in our operating performance for 1992 .
‘ action taken to contain operating costs and introduce more selective underwriting procedures has proved increasingly effective and we have reported a [large] recovery in our operating performance for 1992 .

An improvement of almost $ 143m at the pre-tax level has been achieved even after incurring substantial losses on Hurricane ‘ Andrew ’ .
an improvement of almost $ 143m at the pre-tax level has been achieved even after incurring [large] losses on hurricane ‘ andrew ’ .

While there was some improvement in the second half of the year , losses in France were substantially higher at $ 23.8m ( 1991 : $ 10.9m loss ) following a sharp market-wide increase in motor and large property claims , substantial costs in developing a direct marketing operation and some reserve strengthening .
while there was some improvement in the second half of the year , losses in france were substantially higher at $ 23.8m ( 1991 : $ 10.9m loss ) following a sharp market-wide increase in motor and large property claims , [large] costs in developing a direct marketing operation and some reserve strengthening .

The Marine account reported substantial premium growth following rating action .
the marine account reported [large] premium growth following rating action .

‘ The substantial improvement we reported for 1992 has continued in the first three months of 1993 following a further sharp reduction in our worldwide underwriting deficit .
‘ the [large] improvement we reported for 1992 has continued in the first three months of 1993 following a further sharp reduction in our worldwide underwriting deficit .

The Liability account showed substantial improvement and produced a small profit for the quarter of $ 0.7m against a loss last time of $ 4.1m .
the liability account showed [large] improvement and produced a small profit for the quarter of $ 0.7m against a loss last time of $ 4.1m .

In France , where substantial remedial action has still to take effect , there was a deficit of $ 7.4m ( 1992 : $ 7.8m loss ) on premium income up 20 % as a result of substantial rate increases in a market which is now much more receptive to rating action .
in france , where [large] remedial action has still to take effect , there was a deficit of $ 7.4m ( 1992 : $ 7.8m loss ) on premium income up 20 % as a result of [large] rate increases in a market which is now much more receptive to rating action .

In South Africa there was a substantial reduction in exposure following remedial action .
in south africa there was a [large] reduction in exposure following remedial action .

The Marine account continued to benefit from rating action and again reported substantial premium growth .
the marine account continued to benefit from rating action and again reported [large] premium growth .

have sustained ‘ a substantial loss of employment in any period of 6 consecutive days ’
have sustained ‘ a [large] loss of employment in any period of 6 consecutive days ’

The response to the DoE Review of the Architects Registration Acts was preceded by a substantial exercise in membership consultation and the issue was discussed in regions and branches throughout the country .
the response to the doe review of the architects registration acts was preceded by a [large] exercise in membership consultation and the issue was discussed in regions and branches throughout the country .

On legal aid there is not clear recognition amongst the major commercial firms of the need to deploy much of the substantial funding that they provide in large measure for the profession in the defence at once of the legal aid scheme and of legal aid practitioners .
on legal aid there is not clear recognition amongst the major commercial firms of the need to deploy much of the [large] funding that they provide in large measure for the profession in the defence at once of the legal aid scheme and of legal aid practitioners .

The challenge in 1992/93 has been to do more with less ; we lost 8 % of our establishment when the Council suffered with the profession a substantial reduction in its planned revenues .
the challenge in 1992/93 has been to do more with less ; we lost 8 % of our establishment when the council suffered with the profession a [large] reduction in its planned revenues .

Unfortunately , dry rot had ravaged much of the atrium and the vaulted entrance hall leading to it , and substantial areas of timber and plaster had to be torn out and replaced .
unfortunately , dry rot had ravaged much of the atrium and the vaulted entrance hall leading to it , and [large] areas of timber and plaster had to be torn out and replaced .

If he achieves his ambitious growth targets it is bound to mean more jobs although it is highly unlikely that they will grow at the same rate — ‘ but it would be fairly substantial and it would be in Glasgow ’ .
if he achieves his ambitious growth targets it is bound to mean more jobs although it is highly unlikely that they will grow at the same rate — ‘ but it would be fairly [large] and it would be in glasgow ’ .

In addition , any company intent on controlling expenditure should be examining how much it should be laying off risk in this way when , as Drew Hardie , divisional director of Willis Corroon in Edinburgh , points out , ‘ insurance is a cost-plus product with a substantial proportion of premiums — say , 30 per cent or 40 per cent — used by insurers to meet their own overheads ’ .
in addition , any company intent on controlling expenditure should be examining how much it should be laying off risk in this way when , as drew hardie , divisional director of willis corroon in edinburgh , points out , ‘ insurance is a cost-plus product with a [large] proportion of premiums — say , 30 per cent or 40 per cent — used by insurers to meet their own overheads ’ .

Controlling risk is still the first priority and they can do a substantial amount themselves .
controlling risk is still the first priority and they can do a [large] amount themselves .

However , at £75 million it was a very substantial investment and we had to open .
however , at £75 million it was a very [large] investment and we had to open .

Colonel Gordon Wilkinson confirmed that the Army had gone into contract catering in a ‘ substantial way ’ , having let contracts to a variety of both large and small companies , including Gardner Merchant , Compass and Sutcliffe .
colonel gordon wilkinson confirmed that the army had gone into contract catering in a ‘ [large] way ’ , having let contracts to a variety of both large and small companies , including gardner merchant , compass and sutcliffe .

buses to Cameron Tool are available from both stops ) but the arrangement serves a very substantial proportion of bus users .
buses to cameron tool are available from both stops ) but the arrangement serves a very [large] proportion of bus users .

The commercial development , which includes a superstore and a substantial floor area of business space is intended to provide a cross-subsidy to fund the capital costs of the football stadium .
the commercial development , which includes a superstore and a [large] floor area of business space is intended to provide a cross-subsidy to fund the capital costs of the football stadium .

Substantial slices of rich creamy chocolate gateau , also decorated with glacé cherries .
[large] slices of rich creamy chocolate gateau , also decorated with glacé cherries .

Its research reputation is also strongly reflected in its success in attracting substantial external support , placing it in the top handful of British research universities .
its research reputation is also strongly reflected in its success in attracting [large] external support , placing it in the top handful of british research universities .

The University has a substantial number of self-contained furnished flats for letting to small groups of students .
the university has a [large] number of self-contained furnished flats for letting to small groups of students .

Although the primary expertise of members of the department lies in the law and the legal system of Scotland , substantial areas of that law ( particularly commercial law , company law , labour law , social security , taxation and financial services law ) are very similar to the law of England .
although the primary expertise of members of the department lies in the law and the legal system of scotland , [large] areas of that law ( particularly commercial law , company law , labour law , social security , taxation and financial services law ) are very similar to the law of england .

Petroleum Geoscience : This group draws on expertise from all the above groups and includes substantial financial input from industry , the Petroleum Science and Technology Institute and the European Community .
petroleum geoscience : this group draws on expertise from all the above groups and includes [large] financial input from industry , the petroleum science and technology institute and the european community .

No less than 100 members have had substantial contact through research , teaching and consultancy with Africa .
no less than 100 members have had [large] contact through research , teaching and consultancy with africa .

There is also a substantial research programme on the traditional architectures of different parts of the world and on the problems of transition to modern forms .
there is also a [large] research programme on the traditional architectures of different parts of the world and on the problems of transition to modern forms .

At the end of the taught portion of the course , MSc candidates carry out a substantial project .
at the end of the taught portion of the course , msc candidates carry out a [large] project .

’ Asmodeus prepared to make a substantial octave-raising munch .
’ asmodeus prepared to make a [large] octave-raising munch .

And he certainly could n't manage any of the substantial bribes on which the Mamur Zapt 's day-to-day management of the city depended .
and he certainly could n't manage any of the [large] bribes on which the mamur zapt 's day-to-day management of the city depended .

If it is felt that this smacks too much of the ‘ green shield stamp ’ approach , it should be realized that it is intended that the scheme will operate with a substantial element of vocational and tutorial guidance using specialized staff .
if it is felt that this smacks too much of the ‘ green shield stamp ’ approach , it should be realized that it is intended that the scheme will operate with a [large] element of vocational and tutorial guidance using specialized staff .

For home/EC students , courses are allocated to one of three fee bands ; at 1993–94 rates , these are as follows : £2,770 ( courses with a substantial laboratory or workshop component ) ; £4,985 ( clinical phases of medical , and veterinary courses ) ; £1,300 ( other courses ) .
for home/ec students , courses are allocated to one of three fee bands ; at 1993–94 rates , these are as follows : £2,770 ( courses with a [large] laboratory or workshop component ) ; £4,985 ( clinical phases of medical , and veterinary courses ) ; £1,300 ( other courses ) .

The department has a substantial programme of supervised field education which is an integral part of several of its courses , involving student placements in parishes , hospitals , industry , prisons and social work agencies , etc .
the department has a [large] programme of supervised field education which is an integral part of several of its courses , involving student placements in parishes , hospitals , industry , prisons and social work agencies , etc .

Teaching is usually in the form of seminars and students will often be required to write fairly substantial essays for assessment purposes .
teaching is usually in the form of seminars and students will often be required to write fairly [large] essays for assessment purposes .

Supporting this vital basic industry there is an agricultural advisory and development service staffed predominantly by graduates , and an extensive and substantial agricultural programme financed by central government and by individual companies .
supporting this vital basic industry there is an agricultural advisory and development service staffed predominantly by graduates , and an extensive and [large] agricultural programme financed by central government and by individual companies .

The degree in Chemical Physics integrates substantial parts of chemistry and physics .
the degree in chemical physics integrates [large] parts of chemistry and physics .

The fourth-year course comprises lecture modules , a substantial experimental project and a dissertation on a topic chosen by the student from an approved area of advanced study .
the fourth-year course comprises lecture modules , a [large] experimental project and a dissertation on a topic chosen by the student from an approved area of advanced study .

Students in this year may also opt for a substantial period on an experimental or computational project within the Meteorology Department .
students in this year may also opt for a [large] period on an experimental or computational project within the meteorology department .

There are substantial physics contributions to several honours degree courses in inter-disciplinary fields Astrophysics , Chemical Physics , Computer Science and Physics , Electronics and Physics , Geophysics and Mathematics and Physics .
there are [large] physics contributions to several honours degree courses in inter-disciplinary fields astrophysics , chemical physics , computer science and physics , electronics and physics , geophysics and mathematics and physics .

The army , because of its links with the propertied classes , was anxious to support the social order against revolution , especially since it guaranteed it a monopoly of the means of warfare and substantial defence expenditure .
the army , because of its links with the propertied classes , was anxious to support the social order against revolution , especially since it guaranteed it a monopoly of the means of warfare and [large] defence expenditure .

The upkeep of such a house would require a substantial income , she thought to herself ; she remembered that Veronica came from a wealthy family .
the upkeep of such a house would require a [large] income , she thought to herself ; she remembered that veronica came from a wealthy family .

This led some writers to suspect that the Third World , like the First World , was not of a piece , but that there might be substantial differences of kind as well as the obvious differences of degree between countries .
this led some writers to suspect that the third world , like the first world , was not of a piece , but that there might be [large] differences of kind as well as the obvious differences of degree between countries .

While substantial general support for the dependency approach was accumulated , most scholars now acknowledge that the dependentistas were never able to explain satisfactorily the economic growth and social and industrial development that had clearly taken place in some Third World countries .
while [large] general support for the dependency approach was accumulated , most scholars now acknowledge that the dependentistas were never able to explain satisfactorily the economic growth and social and industrial development that had clearly taken place in some third world countries .

However , they face substantial difficulties in their struggles against organized capital , domestically and transnationally ( see Rowan et al .
however , they face [large] difficulties in their struggles against organized capital , domestically and transnationally ( see rowan et al .

Even in many poor developing societies substantial growth has been achieved .
even in many poor developing societies [large] growth has been achieved .

The introduction by TNCs of new types of production into developing countries that are already industrializing in a substantial way .
the introduction by tncs of new types of production into developing countries that are already industrializing in a [large] way .

There is a substantial group of patients , however , in which the cause is not obvious and it is difficult to know how far to investigate .
there is a [large] group of patients , however , in which the cause is not obvious and it is difficult to know how far to investigate .

Thus , substantial mortality benefits can be achieved if at least 162.5 mg aspirin is given during the acute phase of evolving myocardial infarction .
thus , [large] mortality benefits can be achieved if at least 162.5 mg aspirin is given during the acute phase of evolving myocardial infarction .

The result was a substantial increase in survival partly because of surgery and partly because of the greatly improved general care that infants received .
the result was a [large] increase in survival partly because of surgery and partly because of the greatly improved general care that infants received .

In the fourth phase of progress , population-based antenatal screening — maternal serum alpha fetoprotein and ultrasound screening , sometimes complemented by amniocentesis — has been proven to have a substantial effect .
in the fourth phase of progress , population-based antenatal screening — maternal serum alpha fetoprotein and ultrasound screening , sometimes complemented by amniocentesis — has been proven to have a [large] effect .

However , since nothing substantial has seeped out in this porous capital , that 's doubtful .
however , since nothing [large] has seeped out in this porous capital , that 's doubtful .

Gloucester 's immediate influence was mainly restricted to the edges of the county : to the lordship of Clitheroe in the east and to Furness in the north — both areas where his influence was in a sense overspill from more substantial interests elsewhere .
gloucester 's immediate influence was mainly restricted to the edges of the county : to the lordship of clitheroe in the east and to furness in the north — both areas where his influence was in a sense overspill from more [large] interests elsewhere .

The land in the king 's gift , however , did not include the estates held in her own right by the countess Elizabeth , widow of the twelfth earl , which included substantial further holdings in Suffolk and Essex .
the land in the king 's gift , however , did not include the estates held in her own right by the countess elizabeth , widow of the twelfth earl , which included [large] further holdings in suffolk and essex .

Colonscopic surveillance programmes cause a heavy clinical workload as well as a substantial capital outlay — that is , the test is not simple or cheap .
colonscopic surveillance programmes cause a heavy clinical workload as well as a [large] capital outlay — that is , the test is not simple or cheap .

Treatment was associated with a substantial improvement in continence in 12 patients and with a significant decrease in urgency ( p < 0.05 ) .
treatment was associated with a [large] improvement in continence in 12 patients and with a significant decrease in urgency ( p < 0.05 ) .

At the first interview , 11 patients reported a substantial improvement in faecal continence ( good responders according to our criteria ) .
at the first interview , 11 patients reported a [large] improvement in faecal continence ( good responders according to our criteria ) .

Smoking was also found to be associated with a substantial protective effect in a case-control study of symptomatic gall bladder disease , and in a recent case-control study of patients undergoing cholecystectomy .
smoking was also found to be associated with a [large] protective effect in a case-control study of symptomatic gall bladder disease , and in a recent case-control study of patients undergoing cholecystectomy .

The tremendous solidity of the construction accounts for the substantial remains today .
the tremendous solidity of the construction accounts for the [large] remains today .

Extensive bathing establishments were constructed under the Empire in all cities and substantial remains exist in , especially , Ephesos , Miletos , Pergamon , Hierapolis and Aphrodisias .
extensive bathing establishments were constructed under the empire in all cities and [large] remains exist in , especially , ephesos , miletos , pergamon , hierapolis and aphrodisias .

The substantial rise in the real value of wages in the late fourteenth century and for much of the fifteenth almost certainly reflects a shortage of workers .
the [large] rise in the real value of wages in the late fourteenth century and for much of the fifteenth almost certainly reflects a shortage of workers .

But the towns were by no means insulated from its far-reaching effects , nor , within the towns , the trading community which made a substantial contribution to the wealth of the kingdom in this period .
but the towns were by no means insulated from its far-reaching effects , nor , within the towns , the trading community which made a [large] contribution to the wealth of the kingdom in this period .

Some were of servile status and others free , although with the passage of time more and more secured their freedom ( Ch.4 ) , some might occupy barely enough land to sustain themselves and their families , while others accumulated substantial farms and became themselves employers of labour .
some were of servile status and others free , although with the passage of time more and more secured their freedom ( ch.4 ) , some might occupy barely enough land to sustain themselves and their families , while others accumulated [large] farms and became themselves employers of labour .

There is a substantial amount of evidence for peasant discontent before 1381 , most of it ( as far as existing evidence shows ) being concentrated in the Central and East Midlands and in the Home Counties , precisely those parts of England where manorialization was most fully developed .
there is a [large] amount of evidence for peasant discontent before 1381 , most of it ( as far as existing evidence shows ) being concentrated in the central and east midlands and in the home counties , precisely those parts of england where manorialization was most fully developed .

The revolt was not purely one of the agricultural classes , although a substantial number of those pardoned for participation in it are described as ‘ husbandman ’ or ‘ labourer ’ .
the revolt was not purely one of the agricultural classes , although a [large] number of those pardoned for participation in it are described as ‘ husbandman ’ or ‘ labourer ’ .

In Lincolnshire and the East Riding of Yorkshire , a substantial number of villages disappeared from the records in the late fourteenth and early fifteenth centuries , as well as in the second half of the fifteenth century , which seems to have been the worst period of depopulation in the area most seriously affected in the Midlands , particularly in Northamptonshire , Oxfordshire , Warwickshire , Buckinghamshire , Leicestershire and Nottinghamshire ( 58 , pp.170–3 , 220–1 , 229 ) .
in lincolnshire and the east riding of yorkshire , a [large] number of villages disappeared from the records in the late fourteenth and early fifteenth centuries , as well as in the second half of the fifteenth century , which seems to have been the worst period of depopulation in the area most seriously affected in the midlands , particularly in northamptonshire , oxfordshire , warwickshire , buckinghamshire , leicestershire and nottinghamshire ( 58 , pp.170–3 , 220–1 , 229 ) .

The case of Riseholme illustrates clearly how the casualties occurred in small settlements rather than in more substantial ones .
the case of riseholme illustrates clearly how the casualties occurred in small settlements rather than in more [large] ones .

The tax remissions of the first half of the fifteenth century show that some of the villages which later disappeared were granted substantial reliefs , although this was not universal .
the tax remissions of the first half of the fifteenth century show that some of the villages which later disappeared were granted [large] reliefs , although this was not universal .

Unfortunately , the survival of tax records from the middle years of the century ( and more especially after 1450 ) is more patchy than from the period immediately before , so it is not always possible to trace the disappearance of villages at precisely the time when a substantial number of the desertions seems to have occurred .
unfortunately , the survival of tax records from the middle years of the century ( and more especially after 1450 ) is more patchy than from the period immediately before , so it is not always possible to trace the disappearance of villages at precisely the time when a [large] number of the desertions seems to have occurred .

The worst case of decline , that of Boston , was brought about by the decline of the wool trade , on the export of which it had grown , and its failure to secure any substantial share of cloth exports .
the worst case of decline , that of boston , was brought about by the decline of the wool trade , on the export of which it had grown , and its failure to secure any [large] share of cloth exports .

For one thing , the victuallers were never able to secure a majority on the council , and for another , a substantial number of the men in the victualling guilds had other interest — grocers and fishmongers were among the most important wool exporters at this period and one does not know how far individuals actually practised the trade of their own guild — so it may have been less in their interest than has sometimes been thought to keep food prices high ( 84 , pp.251–3 ; 104 , pp.77–80 ; 109 ) .
for one thing , the victuallers were never able to secure a majority on the council , and for another , a [large] number of the men in the victualling guilds had other interest — grocers and fishmongers were among the most important wool exporters at this period and one does not know how far individuals actually practised the trade of their own guild — so it may have been less in their interest than has sometimes been thought to keep food prices high ( 84 , pp.251–3 ; 104 , pp.77–80 ; 109 ) .

The levels and movements of urban rent are hard to document , but where substantial series of records survive , it is clear that in some towns at any rate , rents fell in the fifteenth century .
the levels and movements of urban rent are hard to document , but where [large] series of records survive , it is clear that in some towns at any rate , rents fell in the fifteenth century .

Possibly the building industry was one of the most substantial in the country , but as it was based on small local units it is virtually impossible to study .
possibly the building industry was one of the most [large] in the country , but as it was based on small local units it is virtually impossible to study .

There was some manufacture of salt , both on the east coast and at inland brine springs , but this was insufficient to meet the country 's requirements , and substantial supplies had to be imported .
there was some manufacture of salt , both on the east coast and at inland brine springs , but this was insufficient to meet the country 's requirements , and [large] supplies had to be imported .

They do not cover the Mediterranean , where England does not appear to have played a substantial part in trade until at least after the accession of the Tudors .
they do not cover the mediterranean , where england does not appear to have played a [large] part in trade until at least after the accession of the tudors .

Despite the problems of both Scottish raids and internal disorder , the coal industry of Northumberland and Durham was able to make substantial developments , with Newcastle as the centre of exports ( Ch.7 ; 82 , pp.164–5 ) .
despite the problems of both scottish raids and internal disorder , the coal industry of northumberland and durham was able to make [large] developments , with newcastle as the centre of exports ( ch.7 ; 82 , pp.164–5 ) .

Represented as a share of the market , this means that denizens increased their figure from 43.0 per cent to 49.7 per cent , the Hansards theirs from 35.6 per cent to 44.5 per cent , while other aliens , whose earlier share had been a substantial 21.4 per cent now had only 5.8 per cent ( 94 , pp.345–6 ) .
represented as a share of the market , this means that denizens increased their figure from 43.0 per cent to 49.7 per cent , the hansards theirs from 35.6 per cent to 44.5 per cent , while other aliens , whose earlier share had been a [large] 21.4 per cent now had only 5.8 per cent ( 94 , pp.345–6 ) .

It is not clear who these other aliens were — some were probably Italians-but it is probable that a substantial proportion of them were engaged in trade with Gascony or other French lands .
it is not clear who these other aliens were — some were probably italians-but it is probable that a [large] proportion of them were engaged in trade with gascony or other french lands .

On this occasion the Hansards seem to have been the main beneficiaries from the decline in the activity of other alien merchants , but they too could be affected by political rivalry , and periods of tension between England and the Hanse towns , even if this fell short of war , were marked by substantial falls in cloth exports by the Hanse merchants .
on this occasion the hansards seem to have been the main beneficiaries from the decline in the activity of other alien merchants , but they too could be affected by political rivalry , and periods of tension between england and the hanse towns , even if this fell short of war , were marked by [large] falls in cloth exports by the hanse merchants .

From these gains he bought the manors of Rye in Hertfordshire and of Emneth , near Wisbech , and indulged in substantial building and repairs there .
from these gains he bought the manors of rye in hertfordshire and of emneth , near wisbech , and indulged in [large] building and repairs there .

The rise of the Nevilles and the Percies in the late fourteenth century was the first occasion when families of genuine northern origin came into the front rank of the nobility — one may exclude the duchy of Lancaster from any such comment , because it was closely connected with the royal family and also held substantial lands in the Midlands and the South .
the rise of the nevilles and the percies in the late fourteenth century was the first occasion when families of genuine northern origin came into the front rank of the nobility — one may exclude the duchy of lancaster from any such comment , because it was closely connected with the royal family and also held [large] lands in the midlands and the south .

Substantial bleeding may take place ( intracerebral bleeding , 0.3–0.7 % ) and the residual mortality is at least 50 % of that without thrombolytic treatment .
[large] bleeding may take place ( intracerebral bleeding , 0.3–0.7 % ) and the residual mortality is at least 50 % of that without thrombolytic treatment .

These workers clearly demonstrate the ability to detect signals in patients with substantial antibody concentrations , but do not state whether in these cases there was a rising titre of anti-D ; this , however , can be construed because they went on to do cordocentesis in the patients with high values .
these workers clearly demonstrate the ability to detect signals in patients with [large] antibody concentrations , but do not state whether in these cases there was a rising titre of anti-d ; this , however , can be construed because they went on to do cordocentesis in the patients with high values .

( b ) Use will continue for a substantial period .
( b ) use will continue for a [large] period .

Tissue in Dupuytren 's disease contains substantial numbers of CD3-positive T-cells , suggesting that they are important mediators in the pathogenesis of this condition .
tissue in dupuytren 's disease contains [large] numbers of cd3-positive t-cells , suggesting that they are important mediators in the pathogenesis of this condition .

Most researchers have concluded that the premorbid personality is characterised by substantial emotional instability .
most researchers have concluded that the premorbid personality is characterised by [large] emotional instability .

Amenorrhoea develops in many patients before substantial weight loss has occurred and age-inappropriate gonadotropin secretion patterns are present in some patients who are weight recovered .
amenorrhoea develops in many patients before [large] weight loss has occurred and age-inappropriate gonadotropin secretion patterns are present in some patients who are weight recovered .

However , a substantial proportion of patients do well as outpatients — eg , those whose emaciation is not severe ( body mass index > 17 ) , who have no serious medical complications , who are motivated for change , and who have supportive friends and relatives .
however , a [large] proportion of patients do well as outpatients — eg , those whose emaciation is not severe ( body mass index > 17 ) , who have no serious medical complications , who are motivated for change , and who have supportive friends and relatives .

Giving the leading judgment on June 17 , 1993 , Lord Justice Kennedy said that a district health authority was under a positive duty to consult a community health council on any proposals for the substantial development or variation of the district 's health service .
giving the leading judgment on june 17 , 1993 , lord justice kennedy said that a district health authority was under a positive duty to consult a community health council on any proposals for the [large] development or variation of the district 's health service .

The failure to continue to provide the service offered by the unit anywhere in the regional health authority 's area amounted to a substantial variation in the provision of the service .
the failure to continue to provide the service offered by the unit anywhere in the regional health authority 's area amounted to a [large] variation in the provision of the service .

The residue — a substantial chunk , was left jointly to his two offspring , Beryl and Francis .
the residue — a [large] chunk , was left jointly to his two offspring , beryl and francis .

Wycliffe followed him down a carpeted passage to a door at the end , a small room overlooking a regimented back garden with a substantial Swiss-type chalet in the middle of the lawn .
wycliffe followed him down a carpeted passage to a door at the end , a small room overlooking a regimented back garden with a [large] swiss-type chalet in the middle of the lawn .

The houses , whose front doors opened directly on the street , were a mixed bag , ranging from cottages to substantial dwellings of some distinction , originally built for Packet skippers .
the houses , whose front doors opened directly on the street , were a mixed bag , ranging from cottages to [large] dwellings of some distinction , originally built for packet skippers .

They crossed the grass to the studio , a substantial timber building in the style of a Swiss chalet , well preserved .
they crossed the grass to the studio , a [large] timber building in the style of a swiss chalet , well preserved .

In contrast , those at the top end of the earnings distribution will enjoy a substantial change in their after-tax income so that the income effect will be large , causing the high-income earners ( the dynamic entrepreneurs ? )
in contrast , those at the top end of the earnings distribution will enjoy a [large] change in their after-tax income so that the income effect will be large , causing the high-income earners ( the dynamic entrepreneurs ? )

As it happens ’ — Morse consulted his watch ostentatiously — ‘ he is very shortly due to take off from Kennedy Airport to fly back to Heathrow , and he has already made a substantial confession about his part in the strange circumstances surrounding the Wolvercote Tongue and Dr Theodore Kemp .
as it happens ’ — morse consulted his watch ostentatiously — ‘ he is very shortly due to take off from kennedy airport to fly back to heathrow , and he has already made a [large] confession about his part in the strange circumstances surrounding the wolvercote tongue and dr theodore kemp .

Filling a substantial amount of skyline and covering six full squares of the Ordnance Survey map .
filling a [large] amount of skyline and covering six full squares of the ordnance survey map .

Sure , you should buy the original albums , but for a substantial taster then this will set you back fewer readies than all ten Zeppelin LPs .
sure , you should buy the original albums , but for a [large] taster then this will set you back fewer readies than all ten zeppelin lps .

The Elizabethan poor law acts of 1598 and 1601 threatened beggars with a whipping and placed the responsibility for maintaining the poor on ‘ the Churchwardens of every parish and four substantial householders there … who shall be nominated yearly in Easter week under the hand and seal of two or more Justices of the Peace … [ and who ] shall be called overseers of the poor ’ .
the elizabethan poor law acts of 1598 and 1601 threatened beggars with a whipping and placed the responsibility for maintaining the poor on ‘ the churchwardens of every parish and four [large] householders there … who shall be nominated yearly in easter week under the hand and seal of two or more justices of the peace … [ and who ] shall be called overseers of the poor ’ .

For the first time in Wigston 's long history a class of gentry was beginning to appear ; moreover , substantial holdings were passing into the hands of absentee landlords .
for the first time in wigston 's long history a class of gentry was beginning to appear ; moreover , [large] holdings were passing into the hands of absentee landlords .

In these industrial districts a high proportion of families earned a substantial part of their living from metal crafts or mining or the manufacture of cloth .
in these industrial districts a high proportion of families earned a [large] part of their living from metal crafts or mining or the manufacture of cloth .

The most substantial of them farmed sufficient land to earn themselves the description of yeoman ; the poorest had merely an acre or two and perhaps the right to keep a cow and some sheep on the common .
the most [large] of them farmed sufficient land to earn themselves the description of yeoman ; the poorest had merely an acre or two and perhaps the right to keep a cow and some sheep on the common .

Substantial growth had already taken place during the course of the eighteenth century , but after 1801 the pace quickened so that by 1851 the population of England and Wales stood at 17·9 millions .
[large] growth had already taken place during the course of the eighteenth century , but after 1801 the pace quickened so that by 1851 the population of england and wales stood at 17·9 millions .

Meanwhile , the Established Church had made a substantial recovery .
meanwhile , the established church had made a [large] recovery .

This means that those with more conventional tastes in hosiery ( and more substantial overheads ) are obliged to take ever-smaller profits while trying to stay ahead of the game and figure out what the next business-machine craze might turn out to be .
this means that those with more conventional tastes in hosiery ( and more [large] overheads ) are obliged to take ever-smaller profits while trying to stay ahead of the game and figure out what the next business-machine craze might turn out to be .

While various factors are taken into account , including improved marketing organisation or new initiatives to cater for export markets and size of the unit 's operations , a basic feature is that the unit must show a substantial and sustained increase in export earnings over three consecutive twelve monthly periods — the final year should end as near 31.10.89 as the unit 's accounting system permits and may not be earlier than 31.12.88 .
while various factors are taken into account , including improved marketing organisation or new initiatives to cater for export markets and size of the unit 's operations , a basic feature is that the unit must show a [large] and sustained increase in export earnings over three consecutive twelve monthly periods — the final year should end as near 31.10.89 as the unit 's accounting system permits and may not be earlier than 31.12.88 .

Hangovers are actually the body 's response of shock at being subjected to a substantial dose of a poisonous substance .
hangovers are actually the body 's response of shock at being subjected to a [large] dose of a poisonous substance .

The optimists point out that the most substantial progress in Russian political life was the establishment of the Duma monarch ( 1906-1914 ) , the closest Russia got to a constitutional Government .
the optimists point out that the most [large] progress in russian political life was the establishment of the duma monarch ( 1906-1914 ) , the closest russia got to a constitutional government .

Much has been written of the difficult trading condition as interest rates rise and demand slows , but a substantial market place continues to exist .
much has been written of the difficult trading condition as interest rates rise and demand slows , but a [large] market place continues to exist .

Talk turns to a familiar theme — the failure of the city to support new ideas , the segregation of black and white music , how difficult it is for dance music to get substantial airplay — most of all the struggle to make the rest of the city sit up and take notice of its thriving techno scene .
talk turns to a familiar theme — the failure of the city to support new ideas , the segregation of black and white music , how difficult it is for dance music to get [large] airplay — most of all the struggle to make the rest of the city sit up and take notice of its thriving techno scene .

There 's a substantial chapter on planning gardens using just one theme colour and the " plant catalogue " is full of tips for dramatic looking plants , large or small , tiered , weeping or busy shrubs , according to the demands of the proposed layout , plus hedging and ground cover .
there 's a [large] chapter on planning gardens using just one theme colour and the " plant catalogue " is full of tips for dramatic looking plants , large or small , tiered , weeping or busy shrubs , according to the demands of the proposed layout , plus hedging and ground cover .

Should the patio to be laid require the removal of a substantial concreted area , this may necessitate a contribution towards the removal costs of the winner .
should the patio to be laid require the removal of a [large] concreted area , this may necessitate a contribution towards the removal costs of the winner .

These days it can be very worthwhile to buy a substantial specimen to give a small garden instant maturity .
these days it can be very worthwhile to buy a [large] specimen to give a small garden instant maturity .

It is part of the substantial order recently won by Sekers .
it is part of the [large] order recently won by sekers .

As their health deteriorated and many were hospitalised , the Minister of Law and Order promised to release ’ a substantial number ’ within a fortnight .
as their health deteriorated and many were hospitalised , the minister of law and order promised to release ’ a [large] number ’ within a fortnight .

His extensive knowledge of products and promotional literature will further strengthen the substantial market activities of the company .
his extensive knowledge of products and promotional literature will further strengthen the [large] market activities of the company .

They cost a great amount of money and represent substantial investments to the organizations or people sponsoring them .
they cost a great amount of money and represent [large] investments to the organizations or people sponsoring them .

With land , labour and substantial quantities of exportable water as its only resources , Lesotho 's economy remained heavily dependent on South Africa , and remittances from Basotho workers employed in South African mines continued to provide vital foreign exchange .
with land , labour and [large] quantities of exportable water as its only resources , lesotho 's economy remained heavily dependent on south africa , and remittances from basotho workers employed in south african mines continued to provide vital foreign exchange .

After Farooq 's assassination and the subsequent shootings , both India and Pakistan initiated substantial and aggressive troop movements , and The Hindu of May 31 reported that the two countries " came close to war " on May 22 .
after farooq 's assassination and the subsequent shootings , both india and pakistan initiated [large] and aggressive troop movements , and the hindu of may 31 reported that the two countries " came close to war " on may 22 .

The dismissals were announced the day after Girija Prasad Koirala , the general secretary of the Nepali Congress Party , had delivered a message to the King warning him that unless substantial powers were quickly turned over to the new government , crowds would be called back on to the streets of Kathmandu .
the dismissals were announced the day after girija prasad koirala , the general secretary of the nepali congress party , had delivered a message to the king warning him that unless [large] powers were quickly turned over to the new government , crowds would be called back on to the streets of kathmandu .

Although some commentators suggested that Lee 's offer amounted to a substantial concession , others saw the preconditions as too demanding to facilitate any real progress in bilateral relations .
although some commentators suggested that lee 's offer amounted to a [large] concession , others saw the preconditions as too demanding to facilitate any real progress in bilateral relations .

Leisure Card now brings substantial discounts to All Harlow residents at The Playhouse .
leisure card now brings [large] discounts to all harlow residents at the playhouse .

In November 1989 tea farmers protested about the low prices paid by the Kenya Tea Development Authority , and on Jan. 9 , 1990 , Moi ruled that tea farmers would be paid KSh3.00 per kg , a substantial increase on the former rate of KSh1.90 .
in november 1989 tea farmers protested about the low prices paid by the kenya tea development authority , and on jan. 9 , 1990 , moi ruled that tea farmers would be paid ksh3.00 per kg , a [large] increase on the former rate of ksh1.90 .

Shia Moslems , who comprised a substantial minority of the Kuwaiti population , staged demonstrations in Kuwait City in September 1989 denouncing the execution of 16 Kuwaiti Shias in Saudi Arabia for their part in a July bomb attack in Mecca [ see pp .
shia moslems , who comprised a [large] minority of the kuwaiti population , staged demonstrations in kuwait city in september 1989 denouncing the execution of 16 kuwaiti shias in saudi arabia for their part in a july bomb attack in mecca [ see pp .

They were described as designed to disadvantage the fledgling opposition parties which could expect substantial support from West German sister parties .
they were described as designed to disadvantage the fledgling opposition parties which could expect [large] support from west german sister parties .

However , the continuing prosperity of the tourist sector , following the boom of 1988 , helped to maintain a healthy state of foreign exchange reserves , augmented by substantial expatriate remittances .
however , the continuing prosperity of the tourist sector , following the boom of 1988 , helped to maintain a healthy state of foreign exchange reserves , augmented by [large] expatriate remittances .

Moiseyev further announced on Oct. 27 ( while Gorbachev was visiting Finland-see p. 36984 ) that the Soviet Army was to institute an additional cut of 40,000 troops and 1,200 tanks , as well as `` substantial cuts ' in artillery , in its north-western group in the Baltic area .
moiseyev further announced on oct. 27 ( while gorbachev was visiting finland-see p. 36984 ) that the soviet army was to institute an additional cut of 40,000 troops and 1,200 tanks , as well as `` [large] cuts ' in artillery , in its north-western group in the baltic area .

The advancing ground troops were provided with substantial air support , with fighter bombers attacking key installations in and around the city , including the airport .
the advancing ground troops were provided with [large] air support , with fighter bombers attacking key installations in and around the city , including the airport .

On the pressing issue of food distribution , Angola and Mozambique were both facing famine and predicting shortages of 500,000 tonnes , while Zimbabwe and Zambia were forecasting substantial grain surpluses .
on the pressing issue of food distribution , angola and mozambique were both facing famine and predicting shortages of 500,000 tonnes , while zimbabwe and zambia were forecasting [large] grain surpluses .

Jordan , Egypt and Turkey had earned substantial revenues from workers ' remittances and trade with Iraq and Kuwait ; some middle-income countries such as India relied heavily on oil imports from Iraq and also benefited from sizeable remittance flows ; and for some low-income countries , including Pakistan , Sri Lanka , Bangladesh and the Philippines , the loss of remittances and the rising cost of oil imports were expected to slow growth rates to an average of around 1.5 per cent by 1991 and add some $ 3,000 million to annual Third-World debt interest payments .
jordan , egypt and turkey had earned [large] revenues from workers ' remittances and trade with iraq and kuwait ; some middle-income countries such as india relied heavily on oil imports from iraq and also benefited from sizeable remittance flows ; and for some low-income countries , including pakistan , sri lanka , bangladesh and the philippines , the loss of remittances and the rising cost of oil imports were expected to slow growth rates to an average of around 1.5 per cent by 1991 and add some $ 3,000 million to annual third-world debt interest payments .

Although the differences between the two sides remained too great for there to be any substantial agreement upon the outlined proposals , the Prime Ministers agreed to proceed with the second round of scheduled discussions in Pyongyang ( North Korea ) on Oct. 16-19 .
although the differences between the two sides remained too great for there to be any [large] agreement upon the outlined proposals , the prime ministers agreed to proceed with the second round of scheduled discussions in pyongyang ( north korea ) on oct. 16-19 .

Although Doe 's death effectively removed his grouping from its bid to retain power , a substantial number of troops under the command of the newest head of the presidential guard , Brig .
although doe 's death effectively removed his grouping from its bid to retain power , a [large] number of troops under the command of the newest head of the presidential guard , brig .

Hungary lost much foreign creditor confidence as a consequence of the general deterioration in its economic performance just as it approached a period when it needed substantial foreign loans to service its debts , finance its convertible currency account deficit and replenish hard currency reserves .
hungary lost much foreign creditor confidence as a consequence of the general deterioration in its economic performance just as it approached a period when it needed [large] foreign loans to service its debts , finance its convertible currency account deficit and replenish hard currency reserves .

The campaign was heavily dominated by the West German parties , which provided expertise and substantial resources , with West German politicians making frequent appearances at election rallies .
the campaign was heavily dominated by the west german parties , which provided expertise and [large] resources , with west german politicians making frequent appearances at election rallies .

East Germans had substantial savings , estimated at nearly 180,000 million East German marks , and many feared that these might be drastically devalued when a currency union was introduced .
east germans had [large] savings , estimated at nearly 180,000 million east german marks , and many feared that these might be drastically devalued when a currency union was introduced .

Substantial changes to the original draft of the bill , notably the extension of all its provisions to cover Pomaks , had been secured partly as the result of agitation by several thousand Turks and Pomaks who demonstrated outside the National Assembly during the March 5 session .
[large] changes to the original draft of the bill , notably the extension of all its provisions to cover pomaks , had been secured partly as the result of agitation by several thousand turks and pomaks who demonstrated outside the national assembly during the march 5 session .

The labour market also continued to improve with a substantial rise in employment , and a reported increase in the number of foreign workers .
the labour market also continued to improve with a [large] rise in employment , and a reported increase in the number of foreign workers .

According to a report in the Far Eastern Economic Review of Jan. 4 , 1990 , the political change and economic crisis in Eastern Europe had forced Soviet planning agencies to forecast substantial cuts in the amount of future assistance given to Vietnam .
according to a report in the far eastern economic review of jan. 4 , 1990 , the political change and economic crisis in eastern europe had forced soviet planning agencies to forecast [large] cuts in the amount of future assistance given to vietnam .

In the early 1680s , although the liverymen of the substantial City companies had not noticeably favoured one party , the Whigs had attracted more support from the lesser companies than the Tories .
in the early 1680s , although the liverymen of the [large] city companies had not noticeably favoured one party , the whigs had attracted more support from the lesser companies than the tories .

By the end of Anne 's reign , in contrast , the majority of the substantial companies were Whig in sympathy , whilst the lesser companies were predominantly Tory .
by the end of anne 's reign , in contrast , the majority of the [large] companies were whig in sympathy , whilst the lesser companies were predominantly tory .

To quote Bruce Lenman , `` a very substantial and apparently growing section of the Scottish ruling class was prepared to embrace Jacobitism as an expression of a complex of resentments against their English masters `` .
to quote bruce lenman , `` a very [large] and apparently growing section of the scottish ruling class was prepared to embrace jacobitism as an expression of a complex of resentments against their english masters `` .

Although GEMMs in the aggregate made substantial losses during the years 1987 – 89 , the market as a whole became profitable in 1990 and remained so in 1991 .
although gemms in the aggregate made [large] losses during the years 1987 – 89 , the market as a whole became profitable in 1990 and remained so in 1991 .

At all four auctions in 1991 , the GEMMs built up substantial short positions prior to the auction through `` when issued `` trading .
at all four auctions in 1991 , the gemms built up [large] short positions prior to the auction through `` when issued `` trading .

Nevertheless what was being demonstrated in the course of 1945 was that — whatever the feelings of affinity that might exist between Britain and the United States — a substantial relationship could not endure without a strong sense of common interests and above all a sense of exposure to common dangers .
nevertheless what was being demonstrated in the course of 1945 was that — whatever the feelings of affinity that might exist between britain and the united states — a [large] relationship could not endure without a strong sense of common interests and above all a sense of exposure to common dangers .

The kingdom which Euric created was substantial .
the kingdom which euric created was [large] .

The impact of the barbarian invasions and settlements in Gaul can be seen in the substantial literary output of the fifth century .
the impact of the barbarian invasions and settlements in gaul can be seen in the [large] literary output of the fifth century .

All too often Gregory 's greatest work , the Ten Books of Histories , which are unquestionably the most substantial and important single source for the history of sixth-century Gaul , are considered in isolation .
all too often gregory 's greatest work , the ten books of histories , which are unquestionably the most [large] and important single source for the history of sixth-century gaul , are considered in isolation .

Clovis was fortunate not to face the full brunt of the Ostrogothic counterattack ; the Burgundians , who did , suffered for their involvement in the campaign of 508 , and lost a substantial strip of land in the south of the kingdom .
clovis was fortunate not to face the full brunt of the ostrogothic counterattack ; the burgundians , who did , suffered for their involvement in the campaign of 508 , and lost a [large] strip of land in the south of the kingdom .

Constantine the Great , it is true , gave the bishops a more substantial role in the administration of justice , but this was reduced during the fourth and fifth centuries .
constantine the great , it is true , gave the bishops a more [large] role in the administration of justice , but this was reduced during the fourth and fifth centuries .

For both , however , there could be substantial difficulties .
for both , however , there could be [large] difficulties .

The clearing banks as well as the discount houses have the opportunity to buy Treasury bills on such occasions , as otherwise they would be at a substantial disadvantage compared with the discount houses in finding an outlet for surplus funds .
the clearing banks as well as the discount houses have the opportunity to buy treasury bills on such occasions , as otherwise they would be at a [large] disadvantage compared with the discount houses in finding an outlet for surplus funds .

The Bank accumulated a substantial portfolio of commercial bills which came to be termed the `` bill mountain `` .
the bank accumulated a [large] portfolio of commercial bills which came to be termed the `` bill mountain `` .

They had to be twenty-five years old , to have received at least secondary education , and to be substantial property-owners .
they had to be twenty-five years old , to have received at least secondary education , and to be [large] property-owners .

The most essential function of the diplomat resident for a substantial period of time in some foreign capital remained what it had always been : the collecting and sending home of information .
the most essential function of the diplomat resident for a [large] period of time in some foreign capital remained what it had always been : the collecting and sending home of information .

The posolskii prikaz ( department of embassies ) , founded in 1549 , had by the end of the sixteenth century become a substantial organisation employing almost a score of clerks .
the posolskii prikaz ( department of embassies ) , founded in 1549 , had by the end of the sixteenth century become a [large] organisation employing almost a score of clerks .

Currently the most widely known ( and also most widely criticized ) theory on the subject is that of Noam Chomsky who has pointed out that , although children have to learn the meanings of individual words from their elders ( which would make language a phenomenon of culture ) , they seem to know how to string words together so as to distinguish sense from nonsense long before they have acquired any substantial vocabulary .
currently the most widely known ( and also most widely criticized ) theory on the subject is that of noam chomsky who has pointed out that , although children have to learn the meanings of individual words from their elders ( which would make language a phenomenon of culture ) , they seem to know how to string words together so as to distinguish sense from nonsense long before they have acquired any [large] vocabulary .

Since recruitment is mainly by procreation it necessarily follows that , in most cases , a substantial proportion of any such population will be related to one another as biological kin ; but just how they are related can not be known and , from a social anthropological point of view , this fact of biological kinship is of no great interest .
since recruitment is mainly by procreation it necessarily follows that , in most cases , a [large] proportion of any such population will be related to one another as biological kin ; but just how they are related can not be known and , from a social anthropological point of view , this fact of biological kinship is of no great interest .

Thus in many African `` marriage `` institutions , in their traditional form , the husband and his kin made substantial payments in cattle to the male kin of the bride .
thus in many african `` marriage `` institutions , in their traditional form , the husband and his kin made [large] payments in cattle to the male kin of the bride .

What are the maintainable profits of the business ? Do expenses include non-recurring items or non-standard items eg management charges , substantial pension payments , items of personal expenditure ( vendor 's gardener , golf club subscription etc ) , and research and marketing expenditure in advance of new product launches ? ( see Chapter 08 for a more complete list ) .
what are the maintainable profits of the business ? do expenses include non-recurring items or non-standard items eg management charges , [large] pension payments , items of personal expenditure ( vendor 's gardener , golf club subscription etc ) , and research and marketing expenditure in advance of new product launches ? ( see chapter 08 for a more complete list ) .

While the names and addresses of potential acquirors can be usefully input on to a database to permit mail merging , it may not be cost effective to use a computerised control log unless a substantial number of potential acquirors are anticipated .
while the names and addresses of potential acquirors can be usefully input on to a database to permit mail merging , it may not be cost effective to use a computerised control log unless a [large] number of potential acquirors are anticipated .

The price reduction initially requested may be substantial and may be designed to provoke a reaction from the vendors to test their minimum price and their negotiating strength at this late stage ( i.e .
the price reduction initially requested may be [large] and may be designed to provoke a reaction from the vendors to test their minimum price and their negotiating strength at this late stage ( i.e .

These are especially acute where a substantial private company is being acquired in a Reverse or Super Class One transaction .
these are especially acute where a [large] private company is being acquired in a reverse or super class one transaction .

substantial — this is generally taken to be 10% or more ;
[large] — this is generally taken to be 10% or more ;

Substantial controlling and other majority interests
[large] controlling and other majority interests

We are required to inform you , under the terms of the guidance note issued by the Institutes of Chartered Accountants dealing with compliance with the City Code on Takeovers and Mergers ( the City Code ) , that , in the course of the engagement , we will comply with the provisions of the City Code , the Rules Governing Substantial Acquisitions of Shares ( the SARs ) , and with all rulings made and guidance issued under them by the Panel on Takeovers and Mergers ( the Panel ) .
we are required to inform you , under the terms of the guidance note issued by the institutes of chartered accountants dealing with compliance with the city code on takeovers and mergers ( the city code ) , that , in the course of the engagement , we will comply with the provisions of the city code , the rules governing [large] acquisitions of shares ( the sars ) , and with all rulings made and guidance issued under them by the panel on takeovers and mergers ( the panel ) .

We are required to inform you , under the terms of the guidance note issued by the Institutes of Chartered Accountants dealing with compliance with the City Code on Takeovers and Mergers ( the City Code ) , that , in the course of the engagement , we will comply with the provisions of the City Code , the Rules Governing Substantial Acquisitions of Shares ( the SARs ) , and with all rulings made and guidance issued under them by the Panel on Takeovers and Mergers ( the Panel ) .
we are required to inform you , under the terms of the guidance note issued by the institutes of chartered accountants dealing with compliance with the city code on takeovers and mergers ( the city code ) , that , in the course of the engagement , we will comply with the provisions of the city code , the rules governing [large] acquisitions of shares ( the sars ) , and with all rulings made and guidance issued under them by the panel on takeovers and mergers ( the panel ) .

We are required to inform you , under the terms of the guidance note issued by the Institutes of Chartered Accountants dealing with compliance with the City Code on Takeovers and Mergers ( the City Code ) , that , in the course of the engagement , we will comply with the provisions of the City Code , the Rules Governing Substantial Acquisitions of Shares ( the SARs ) , and with all rulings made and guidance issued under them by the Panel on Takeovers and Mergers ( the Panel ) .
we are required to inform you , under the terms of the guidance note issued by the institutes of chartered accountants dealing with compliance with the city code on takeovers and mergers ( the city code ) , that , in the course of the engagement , we will comply with the provisions of the city code , the rules governing [large] acquisitions of shares ( the sars ) , and with all rulings made and guidance issued under them by the panel on takeovers and mergers ( the panel ) .

those companies which would combine [ ] activity together with [ ] , but where the former was the most substantial part of the business ;
those companies which would combine [ ] activity together with [ ] , but where the former was the most [large] part of the business ;

We are required to inform you , under the terms of the guidance note issued by the Institutes of Chartered Accountants dealing with compliance with the City Code on Takeovers and Mergers ( the City Code ) , that , in the course of the engagement , we will comply with the provisions of the City Code , the Rules Governing Substantial Acquisitions of Shares ( the SARs ) , and with all rulings made and guidance issued under them by the Panel on Takeovers and Mergers ( the Panel ) .
we are required to inform you , under the terms of the guidance note issued by the institutes of chartered accountants dealing with compliance with the city code on takeovers and mergers ( the city code ) , that , in the course of the engagement , we will comply with the provisions of the city code , the rules governing [large] acquisitions of shares ( the sars ) , and with all rulings made and guidance issued under them by the panel on takeovers and mergers ( the panel ) .

We are required to inform you , under the terms of the guidance note issued by the Institutes of Chartered Accountants dealing with compliance with the City Code on Takeovers and Mergers ( the City Code ) , that , in the course of the engagement , we will comply with the provisions of the City Code , the Rules Governing Substantial Acquisitions of Shares ( the SARs ) , and with all rulings made and guidance issued under them by the Panel on Takeovers and Mergers ( the Panel ) .
we are required to inform you , under the terms of the guidance note issued by the institutes of chartered accountants dealing with compliance with the city code on takeovers and mergers ( the city code ) , that , in the course of the engagement , we will comply with the provisions of the city code , the rules governing [large] acquisitions of shares ( the sars ) , and with all rulings made and guidance issued under them by the panel on takeovers and mergers ( the panel ) .

We are required to inform you , under the terms of the guidance note issued by the Institutes of Chartered Accountants dealing with compliance with the City Code on Takeovers and Mergers ( the City Code ) , that , in the course of the engagement , we will comply with the provisions of the City Code , the Rules Governing Substantial Acquisitions of Shares ( the SARs ) , and with all rulings made and guidance issued under them by the Panel on Takeovers and Mergers ( the Panel ) .
we are required to inform you , under the terms of the guidance note issued by the institutes of chartered accountants dealing with compliance with the city code on takeovers and mergers ( the city code ) , that , in the course of the engagement , we will comply with the provisions of the city code , the rules governing [large] acquisitions of shares ( the sars ) , and with all rulings made and guidance issued under them by the panel on takeovers and mergers ( the panel ) .

Growth The number of users of and applications for high technology metal alloys is expanding rapidly , giving rise to a substantial and sustained growth in demand .
growth the number of users of and applications for high technology metal alloys is expanding rapidly , giving rise to a [large] and sustained growth in demand .

Alternatively the Vendor may argue , particularly where the price includes a substantial element for goodwill , that the Purchaser 's only remedy will be to have damages assessed on the ‘ indemnity ’ basis .
alternatively the vendor may argue , particularly where the price includes a [large] element for goodwill , that the purchaser 's only remedy will be to have damages assessed on the ‘ indemnity ’ basis .

Secondly , and arising out of the first function , it will produce a substantial statistical digest of basis data which is designed to serve the needs of future generations of Agrarian historians who investigate the period 1850-1914 .
secondly , and arising out of the first function , it will produce a [large] statistical digest of basis data which is designed to serve the needs of future generations of agrarian historians who investigate the period 1850-1914 .

The need for a substantial general bibliography dealing with London history has long been felt by historians , librarians , and archivists .
the need for a [large] general bibliography dealing with london history has long been felt by historians , librarians , and archivists .

This project aims to analyse the business and social composition of London at that crucial stage of its development , and so to make it a substantial contribution towards our understanding of the emergence of the modern British state and its economy .
this project aims to analyse the business and social composition of london at that crucial stage of its development , and so to make it a [large] contribution towards our understanding of the emergence of the modern british state and its economy .

The purpose of this project is to make an updating of an annotated bibliography of 205 publications whose authors made substantial use of the manuscript census enumerators ' books of the period 1841-1881 .
the purpose of this project is to make an updating of an annotated bibliography of 205 publications whose authors made [large] use of the manuscript census enumerators ' books of the period 1841-1881 .

This project is to assess whether sufficient material exists to enable a more substantial research project to be undertaken .
this project is to assess whether sufficient material exists to enable a more [large] research project to be undertaken .

Interviews conducted by the investigators in the course of carrying out a pilot survey into the practice of management accounting , consultancy work and casual observation through visiting companies , have all provided substantial evidence of considerable divergence between the prescriptions of textbook theory and actual industrial practice .
interviews conducted by the investigators in the course of carrying out a pilot survey into the practice of management accounting , consultancy work and casual observation through visiting companies , have all provided [large] evidence of considerable divergence between the prescriptions of textbook theory and actual industrial practice .

Given the substantial changes in the economic , political , and business environment of large firms over the past two decades , a critical factor affecting the relative competitive position of British firms must be the capability of firms to adjust and adapt to major changes in the environments and thereby improve their competitive performance .
given the [large] changes in the economic , political , and business environment of large firms over the past two decades , a critical factor affecting the relative competitive position of british firms must be the capability of firms to adjust and adapt to major changes in the environments and thereby improve their competitive performance .

This means that substantial control over work performance rests with employees themselves .
this means that [large] control over work performance rests with employees themselves .

In the present climate of successful superpower arms limitation talks it is likely that there will be substantial changes if not in the level of military budgets , in their composition .
in the present climate of successful superpower arms limitation talks it is likely that there will be [large] changes if not in the level of military budgets , in their composition .

The aim of this project is to make a substantial contribution to the sparse literature on the household sector in China during the reform period of the 1980s .
the aim of this project is to make a [large] contribution to the sparse literature on the household sector in china during the reform period of the 1980s .

The last decade has seen substantial development in macroeconomic theory .
the last decade has seen [large] development in macroeconomic theory .

In practice few companies have made use of the opportunity provided by the Act to start generating electricity on a substantial scale .
in practice few companies have made use of the opportunity provided by the act to start generating electricity on a [large] scale .

Despite the substantial growth in studies of women 's employment over the past decade , very little comparative analysis has been undertaken in this area .
despite the [large] growth in studies of women 's employment over the past decade , very little comparative analysis has been undertaken in this area .

On the one hand these taxes represent a significant revenue source for the government , and on the other , they also generate a substantial stimulus to reduced consumption .
on the one hand these taxes represent a significant revenue source for the government , and on the other , they also generate a [large] stimulus to reduced consumption .

Such decisions may have substantial implications for individual and social welfare and the allocation of scarce resources .
such decisions may have [large] implications for individual and social welfare and the allocation of scarce resources .

The results of putting these services out to competitive tender have proved to be controversial with proponents claiming significant improvements in efficiency and critics claiming a substantial worsening in service quality .
the results of putting these services out to competitive tender have proved to be controversial with proponents claiming significant improvements in efficiency and critics claiming a [large] worsening in service quality .

It seeks to identify if changes are occurring and , if so , whether those changes will lead to substantial alteration in the appearance of the Scottish countryside and its ability to sustain wildlife .
it seeks to identify if changes are occurring and , if so , whether those changes will lead to [large] alteration in the appearance of the scottish countryside and its ability to sustain wildlife .

There is now a substantial ‘ library ’ of design effect information for both general population and minority surveys .
there is now a [large] ‘ library ’ of design effect information for both general population and minority surveys .

discussions between teams of a substantial body of existing research data ;
discussions between teams of a [large] body of existing research data ;

The expansion of home ownership in Britain means that many more people now have substantial assets to dispose of after their death , or perhaps during their lifetime .
the expansion of home ownership in britain means that many more people now have [large] assets to dispose of after their death , or perhaps during their lifetime .

Conversely , many younger people will be the first generation in their family who can expect to inherit substantial amounts .
conversely , many younger people will be the first generation in their family who can expect to inherit [large] amounts .

There is also a substantial research activity on family problems and pathology .
there is also a [large] research activity on family problems and pathology .

It is well known that despite substantial industrial and occupational changes , the degree of gender segregation in employment is still substantial , it is strongly associated with inequality and it restricts women 's career opportunities .
it is well known that despite [large] industrial and occupational changes , the degree of gender segregation in employment is still [large] , it is strongly associated with inequality and it restricts women 's career opportunities .

The period since the end of the Second World War has seen a substantial increase in the proportion of married women engaged in paid work .
the period since the end of the second world war has seen a [large] increase in the proportion of married women engaged in paid work .

Until a few years ago , consideration of race issues at policy levels was rare in most local authority social services departments , even in areas with substantial black populations .
until a few years ago , consideration of race issues at policy levels was rare in most local authority social services departments , even in areas with [large] black populations .

One-parent families form a substantial , and growing , proportion of all families with dependent children .
one-parent families form a [large] , and growing , proportion of all families with dependent children .

Advocates of liberal education and especially of its science component argue plausibly for its effect on pupils ' ability to think logically , but the evidence for such an effect is not substantial .
advocates of liberal education and especially of its science component argue plausibly for its effect on pupils ' ability to think logically , but the evidence for such an effect is not [large] .

Several of the earliest proponents of intelligence testing assumed that such tests would show substantial differences in intelligence between races .
several of the earliest proponents of intelligence testing assumed that such tests would show [large] differences in intelligence between races .

Substantial areas , especially in upland Scotland , are being afforested each year .
[large] areas , especially in upland scotland , are being afforested each year .

The programmes will be subject to review with the passage of time but no substantial additions to them will be made for the first six years ( except for changes required because of matters outside of governing body control and except for minor alterations to equipment ) .
the programmes will be subject to review with the passage of time but no [large] additions to them will be made for the first six years ( except for changes required because of matters outside of governing body control and except for minor alterations to equipment ) .

The proportion of the final value of silk goods returned to producers is substantial , sufficient indeed to have led to a major expansion of the industry in recent years , with visibly greater prosperity in sericultureal areas .
the proportion of the final value of silk goods returned to producers is [large] , sufficient indeed to have led to a major expansion of the industry in recent years , with visibly greater prosperity in sericultureal areas .

There appears to be substantial numbers of people who join or leave , become active or inactive , over time .
there appears to be [large] numbers of people who join or leave , become active or inactive , over time .

Early in 1822 , when Bentham was beginning to undertake the drafting of the Constitutional Code , he wrote a substantial manuscript which brought together several strands in his constitutional thought to serve , as he intended at the time , as an introduction to the Code .
early in 1822 , when bentham was beginning to undertake the drafting of the constitutional code , he wrote a [large] manuscript which brought together several strands in his constitutional thought to serve , as he intended at the time , as an introduction to the code .

This project has two foci : one examining the implications which Islamic conceptions of the state have for Middle Eastern politics , the other examining the implications these conceptions have for the substantial Muslim community now resident in Britain .
this project has two foci : one examining the implications which islamic conceptions of the state have for middle eastern politics , the other examining the implications these conceptions have for the [large] muslim community now resident in britain .

Substantial memory melted suddenly to consciousness of present loss .
[large] memory melted suddenly to consciousness of present loss .

In supporting the Bill at its Second Reading in the House of Commons , the Minister of State at the Home Office , Mr Alexander Lyon , explained the Bill 's overall purpose thus : ‘ If a man has committed an indiscretion that brings him before the courts and results in his being convicted and penalised , it must be right that after he has served the penalty and lived it down by a substantial period of good conduct thereafter , it should be without meaning for most people of good will .
in supporting the bill at its second reading in the house of commons , the minister of state at the home office , mr alexander lyon , explained the bill 's overall purpose thus : ‘ if a man has committed an indiscretion that brings him before the courts and results in his being convicted and penalised , it must be right that after he has served the penalty and lived it down by a [large] period of good conduct thereafter , it should be without meaning for most people of good will .

And the government was content to push the Bill through the Commons without the allocation of more Parliamentary time to it , despite the fact that it was a more substantial and complicated measure thanks to government intervention .
and the government was content to push the bill through the commons without the allocation of more parliamentary time to it , despite the fact that it was a more [large] and complicated measure thanks to government intervention .

Substantial assets are held in this way , and the Government do not think it would be right for this to pass to individual beneficiaries entirely tax free .
[large] assets are held in this way , and the government do not think it would be right for this to pass to individual beneficiaries entirely tax free .

This may be satisfactory in a matter where there is substantial work involved , but in many cases , such as minor motoring offences , where the client , after being advised , may wish to plead guilty , there may be more trouble in having the English forms completed than in assisting the client .
this may be satisfactory in a matter where there is [large] work involved , but in many cases , such as minor motoring offences , where the client , after being advised , may wish to plead guilty , there may be more trouble in having the english forms completed than in assisting the client .

Sponsored by Coca-Cola there are substantial awards on offer in the 13 and a half miles race , plus additional prizes for new course records .
sponsored by coca-cola there are [large] awards on offer in the 13 and a half miles race , plus additional prizes for new course records .

These special categories , forming a substantial part of the collection , present special difficulties because of their age , condition and value .
these special categories , forming a [large] part of the collection , present special difficulties because of their age , condition and value .

The use of ‘ management information systems ’ , which take low-level data from databases and are used for decision support by modelling future scenarios using different management predictions or alternatives , has led to substantial savings in those commercial organisations where they have been introduced .
the use of ‘ management information systems ’ , which take low-level data from databases and are used for decision support by modelling future scenarios using different management predictions or alternatives , has led to [large] savings in those commercial organisations where they have been introduced .

Molecular research needs graphics terminals and analytical software , and makes substantial use of online searching of remote bibliographic databases .
molecular research needs graphics terminals and analytical software , and makes [large] use of online searching of remote bibliographic databases .

The retired , employed and those in full-time education form a substantial part of our visitor population .
the retired , employed and those in full-time education form a [large] part of our visitor population .

If we marketed our facilities to companies dealing with fashion shoots or promotional advertising , for example , on a purely commercial basis , the financial benefits could be substantial over a 12 month period .
if we marketed our facilities to companies dealing with fashion shoots or promotional advertising , for example , on a purely commercial basis , the financial benefits could be [large] over a 12 month period .

In addition substantial staff time and co-operation will be required .
in addition [large] staff time and co-operation will be required .

Since the earliest days of stepping motor development a large number of designs have appeared , but it was soon realised that if the motor is to produce a significant torque from a reasonable volume then both the stationary and rotating components must have large numbers of iron teeth , which must be able to carry a substantial magnetic flux .
since the earliest days of stepping motor development a large number of designs have appeared , but it was soon realised that if the motor is to produce a significant torque from a reasonable volume then both the stationary and rotating components must have large numbers of iron teeth , which must be able to carry a [large] magnetic flux .

4.1 ) the current is quickly established in the windings when a phase is turned on and stays near its rated value for a substantial part of the time for which the phase is excited .
4.1 ) the current is quickly established in the windings when a phase is turned on and stays near its rated value for a [large] part of the time for which the phase is excited .

At high speeds the freewheeling time is relatively long but the effective phase voltage is unchanged , even though the bridge diodes are conducting for a substantial part of the cycle .
at high speeds the freewheeling time is relatively long but the effective phase voltage is unchanged , even though the bridge diodes are conducting for a [large] part of the cycle .

If the origin of life were a probable event by ordinary human standards , then a substantial number of planets within radio range should have developed a radio technology long enough ago ( bearing in mind that radio waves travel at 186,000 miles per second ) for us to have picked up at least one transmission during the decades that we have been equipped to do so .
if the origin of life were a probable event by ordinary human standards , then a [large] number of planets within radio range should have developed a radio technology long enough ago ( bearing in mind that radio waves travel at 186,000 miles per second ) for us to have picked up at least one transmission during the decades that we have been equipped to do so .

Naturally , if the system takes three years to implement , substantial change is inevitable !
naturally , if the system takes three years to implement , [large] change is inevitable !

Such occupation is further characterized by the absence of any substantial developments beyond and away from the main frontages .
such occupation is further characterized by the absence of any [large] developments beyond and away from the main frontages .

Since many of these religious sites supported markets and periodic fairs , it is not surprising that substantial settlements developed round them , often with Iron-Age antecedents .
since many of these religious sites supported markets and periodic fairs , it is not surprising that [large] settlements developed round them , often with iron-age antecedents .

The town , known to have had the status of a vicus , is surrounded on all sides by numerous kiln sites and workshops which are everywhere interspersed with agricultural features and a number of substantial extra-mural houses or villas .
the town , known to have had the status of a vicus , is surrounded on all sides by numerous kiln sites and workshops which are everywhere interspersed with agricultural features and a number of [large] extra-mural houses or villas .

One , in the grounds of Tullie House Museum just outside the fort gate , was 12.2m ( 40 ft ) by at least 67 m ( 219 ft ) , with a substantial plank floor over a solid foundation , and may have had a military function ; attempts have also been made to interpret it as the base for a rampart surrounding an annexe to the fort .
one , in the grounds of tullie house museum just outside the fort gate , was 12.2m ( 40 ft ) by at least 67 m ( 219 ft ) , with a [large] plank floor over a solid foundation , and may have had a military function ; attempts have also been made to interpret it as the base for a rampart surrounding an annexe to the fort .

Substantial traces of late Iron-Age settlement preceded the Roman foundation .
[large] traces of late iron-age settlement preceded the roman foundation .

Nevertheless , most of the streets which have been sectioned were of substantial construction , in some of the wetter places being provided with a substructure of timber piles or a corduroy ; otherwise local material such as Kentish rag , crushed flints or chalk or gravel were used .
nevertheless , most of the streets which have been sectioned were of [large] construction , in some of the wetter places being provided with a substructure of timber piles or a corduroy ; otherwise local material such as kentish rag , crushed flints or chalk or gravel were used .

Excavations have revealed fragmentary remains of substantial masonry buildings within the town walls , but no complete plans have been recovered .
excavations have revealed fragmentary remains of [large] masonry buildings within the town walls , but no complete plans have been recovered .

These are interpreted as the remains of bonfire or clamp-type kilns , together with a few more substantial updraught examples .
these are interpreted as the remains of bonfire or clamp-type kilns , together with a few more [large] updraught examples .

These were superseded by more substantial updraught kilns which have been found right across the northern suburbs .
these were superseded by more [large] updraught kilns which have been found right across the northern suburbs .

Dating to the later first century , it later provided a foundation for at least one substantial masonry building .
dating to the later first century , it later provided a foundation for at least one [large] masonry building .

The difference between stock and flow valuations is often substantial .
the difference between stock and flow valuations is often [large] .

Plowden established the principle that decisions involving substantial future expenditure should always be taken in the light of surveys of public expenditure over a number of years , and in relation to the prospective resources .
plowden established the principle that decisions involving [large] future expenditure should always be taken in the light of surveys of public expenditure over a number of years , and in relation to the prospective resources .

This was particularly true during the economic recessions of the early 1980s and early 1990s , when rapidly expanding social security payments , high interest rates and substantial debt interest payments meant that public expenditure totals continued to rise as a proportion of National Income .
this was particularly true during the economic recessions of the early 1980s and early 1990s , when rapidly expanding social security payments , high interest rates and [large] debt interest payments meant that public expenditure totals continued to rise as a proportion of national income .

Here we chart the substantial changes that took place in the direct/indirect tax ratio during the 1970s and early 1980s .
here we chart the [large] changes that took place in the direct/indirect tax ratio during the 1970s and early 1980s .

However , in 1988/89 the Chancellor once more reversed the trend by permitting a substantial over-indexation of tax allowances .
however , in 1988/89 the chancellor once more reversed the trend by permitting a [large] over-indexation of tax allowances .

Both income and substitution effects will then be substantial in magnitude .
both income and substitution effects will then be [large] in magnitude .

The profitability of this type of lending is substantial in days of high interest rates .
the profitability of this type of lending is [large] in days of high interest rates .

2 ) and thus more risky , it yields a substantial return to the banks .
2 ) and thus more risky , it yields a [large] return to the banks .

The Bank of England has voiced concern at increasing debt defaults by personal borrowers , and especially those with substantial mortgages .
the bank of england has voiced concern at increasing debt defaults by personal borrowers , and especially those with [large] mortgages .

These factors , plus the existence since 1988 of substantial tax breaks for those who invest in personal pension schemes ( PPCs ) .
these factors , plus the existence since 1988 of [large] tax breaks for those who invest in personal pension schemes ( ppcs ) .

Stock Exchange members began to see themselves as being at a disadvantage in the face of international competition from larger and more sophisticated international firms , with more substantial capital bases .
stock exchange members began to see themselves as being at a disadvantage in the face of international competition from larger and more sophisticated international firms , with more [large] capital bases .

Not only have medium sized British merchant banks been driven out of equity market making , so too have some substantial overseas banks , whose capital bases were overstretched due to debt defaults in other parts of the world .
not only have medium sized british merchant banks been driven out of equity market making , so too have some [large] overseas banks , whose capital bases were overstretched due to debt defaults in other parts of the world .

Apart from providing substantial contingents of foot soldiers for the papers they , as ‘ chicks ’ , provided a raison d'être as madonna/ whore/'old ladies ' for men .
apart from providing [large] contingents of foot soldiers for the papers they , as ‘ chicks ’ , provided a raison d'être as madonna/ whore/'old ladies ' for men .

‘ We are naturally disappointed that the Court has upheld the Regulations , especially as it is already clear that the legal aid cuts are causing real hardship to a substantial number of people .
‘ we are naturally disappointed that the court has upheld the regulations , especially as it is already clear that the legal aid cuts are causing real hardship to a [large] number of people .

The fire and safety project represents a substantial order and is for a new installation on the Umm-Shaif development , whilst the second incorporates a major element of fire protection systems for retrofit of an existing installation , the Zakum Central Super Complex .
the fire and safety project represents a [large] order and is for a new installation on the umm-shaif development , whilst the second incorporates a major element of fire protection systems for retrofit of an existing installation , the zakum central super complex .

The two functions were therefore segregated and resulted in a substantial improvement .
the two functions were therefore segregated and resulted in a [large] improvement .

‘ Oh , you can get quite substantial dishes here , ’ she said .
‘ oh , you can get quite [large] dishes here , ’ she said .

Two other Group divisions also embarked on the RoSPA trail this year — Engineering Contracting and Oilfield Logistics and Supplies — both of which won a merit award for their individual performances and for their individual performances and for their substantial contribution to the overall Group performance .
two other group divisions also embarked on the rospa trail this year — engineering contracting and oilfield logistics and supplies — both of which won a merit award for their individual performances and for their individual performances and for their [large] contribution to the overall group performance .

‘ 1992 will not be an easy act to follow and attaining further improvement will be a substantial challenge , ’ said Ramsay Spence , director for quality , safety and environment .
‘ 1992 will not be an easy act to follow and attaining further improvement will be a [large] challenge , ’ said ramsay spence , director for quality , safety and environment .

substantial cost savings — through tighter definition of facilities requirements , for example , receiving vessels and inhibitor injection systems ;
[large] cost savings — through tighter definition of facilities requirements , for example , receiving vessels and inhibitor injection systems ;

Interest was refuelled in the 1980s by feminism , and the exhibition is accompanied by a substantial book of essays , edited and headed by a leading Angelica Kauffman scholar , Wendy Wassyng Roworth .
interest was refuelled in the 1980s by feminism , and the exhibition is accompanied by a [large] book of essays , edited and headed by a leading angelica kauffman scholar , wendy wassyng roworth .

And indeed the substantial Edwardian brick and stone school made a handsome fourth side to the yard .
and indeed the [large] edwardian brick and stone school made a handsome fourth side to the yard .

His means , though unmentioned , derived from his family 's West Riding worsted mills , and were sufficient to give him a substantial independence from stipends .
his means , though unmentioned , derived from his family 's west riding worsted mills , and were sufficient to give him a [large] independence from stipends .

We , not the printers , paid a substantial sum to enter the awards .
we , not the printers , paid a [large] sum to enter the awards .

Dillons ' marketing director Julian Rivers said that there was no substantial damage to stock .
dillons ' marketing director julian rivers said that there was no [large] damage to stock .

The substantial 10,500 sq ft shop , which opened in October 1991 , was closed for all of Wednesday morning while police and staff searched for further incendiary devices and repairs were carried out .
the [large] 10,500 sq ft shop , which opened in october 1991 , was closed for all of wednesday morning while police and staff searched for further incendiary devices and repairs were carried out .

The sweet ringing of the tills ensured a modest increase , boosted further by ‘ substantial ’ buying on bank holiday Monday .
the sweet ringing of the tills ensured a modest increase , boosted further by ‘ [large] ’ buying on bank holiday monday .

’ So , too , Austicks , with its substantial specialist and academic departments , noted the continuing spread of remainder shops , but commented that ‘ the effect on sales seems no worse despite the increased number of such shops opening up ’ .
’ so , too , austicks , with its [large] specialist and academic departments , noted the continuing spread of remainder shops , but commented that ‘ the effect on sales seems no worse despite the increased number of such shops opening up ’ .

If we restrict ourselves to products with serious and substantial information content , our focus in the computer software sector is largely on educational markets .
if we restrict ourselves to products with serious and [large] information content , our focus in the computer software sector is largely on educational markets .

Some are still licking quite substantial wounds .
some are still licking quite [large] wounds .

Despite the barriers , the online industry is beginning to generate substantial revenues .
despite the barriers , the online industry is beginning to generate [large] revenues .

Translating the metaphor back to electronic information , low band width means that the substantial volumes of data needed to represent image information can not easily be delivered to the remote terminals .
translating the metaphor back to electronic information , low band width means that the [large] volumes of data needed to represent image information can not easily be delivered to the remote terminals .

Although this analysis is not strictly accurate — there is always a compression/decompression overhead of about 5 per cent — the benefits and potential cost savings are substantial and compression techniques have been a major field of development from the time of the very earliest digital databases .
although this analysis is not strictly accurate — there is always a compression/decompression overhead of about 5 per cent — the benefits and potential cost savings are [large] and compression techniques have been a major field of development from the time of the very earliest digital databases .

The only substantial markets have proven to be in dedicated applications .
the only [large] markets have proven to be in dedicated applications .

There are substantial precedents for using interactive media in training .
there are [large] precedents for using interactive media in training .

The problem is compounded when the range and number of data types is substantial , if only because the data may be acquired from a very wide variety of sources .
the problem is compounded when the range and number of data types is [large] , if only because the data may be acquired from a very wide variety of sources .

Converting a large number of data elements currently captured in a host of different formats to a single , standard digital format could involve substantial time , cost and management skill .
converting a large number of data elements currently captured in a host of different formats to a single , standard digital format could involve [large] time , cost and management skill .

After several years of shake-outs and restructuring , the home computer market remains substantial — games software sales in Europe last year were worth about £200 million — but there is little sign that it is going to scoop the true potential of the consumer market .
after several years of shake-outs and restructuring , the home computer market remains [large] — games software sales in europe last year were worth about £200 million — but there is little sign that it is going to scoop the true potential of the consumer market .

They take no account of the markets for multimedia delivered into homes through broadband networks , an area of certain substantial growth , particularly in the latter years of the decade .
they take no account of the markets for multimedia delivered into homes through broadband networks , an area of certain [large] growth , particularly in the latter years of the decade .

Early in this study we showed that the scale of electronic information markets is already substantial .
early in this study we showed that the scale of electronic information markets is already [large] .

Licensing deals are based on a royalty on sales of the multimedia product with an advance , sometimes substantial , payable ahead of publication .
licensing deals are based on a royalty on sales of the multimedia product with an advance , sometimes [large] , payable ahead of publication .

prices were higher in 21 per cent of cases involving drugs that provide moderate , little or no improvement over comparable medicines , but in only 9 per cent of cases involving therapeutic breakthroughs or drugs providing substantial improvement .
prices were higher in 21 per cent of cases involving drugs that provide moderate , little or no improvement over comparable medicines , but in only 9 per cent of cases involving therapeutic breakthroughs or drugs providing [large] improvement .

Articles are research reports whose conclusions are of general interest and which are sufficiently rounded to be a substantial advance in understanding , They should not have more than 3,000 words ow text ( not including figure legends ) or more than six display items and should not occupy more than five pages of Nature .
articles are research reports whose conclusions are of general interest and which are sufficiently rounded to be a [large] advance in understanding , they should not have more than 3,000 words ow text ( not including figure legends ) or more than six display items and should not occupy more than five pages of nature .

When a polymer is crystallized from the melt , imperfect polycrystalline aggregations are formed in association with a substantial amorphous content .
when a polymer is crystallized from the melt , imperfect polycrystalline aggregations are formed in association with a [large] amorphous content .

Stoddard 's working capital has remained tightly controlled and the new controls at Sekers will make substantial inroads into its borrowings .
stoddard 's working capital has remained tightly controlled and the new controls at sekers will make [large] inroads into its borrowings .

There are a few markets , notably , Eire , where there is also a substantial intake of Stoddard carpet used in residential location .
there are a few markets , notably , eire , where there is also a [large] intake of stoddard carpet used in residential location .

Where it is not done , sale of the asset after some time has elapsed can generate substantial revenue at the cost of a relatively small disposal of asset value .
where it is not done , sale of the asset after some time has elapsed can generate [large] revenue at the cost of a relatively small disposal of asset value .

The Yarns and Fabrics business has undertaken substantial changes to respond to the needs of a difficult market , and now looks set to reap the rewards as demand picks up .
the yarns and fabrics business has undertaken [large] changes to respond to the needs of a difficult market , and now looks set to reap the rewards as demand picks up .

Substantial investment programmes in information technology and new effluent treatment plant to meet the latest regulatory requirements were also initiated .
[large] investment programmes in information technology and new effluent treatment plant to meet the latest regulatory requirements were also initiated .

Todd & Duncan benefited from the increased demand for cashmere and , backed by the strongest stock service in the industry , quality driven investment and new impetus in product development , made substantial overseas progress which should be maintained in 1993/94 .
todd & duncan benefited from the increased demand for cashmere and , backed by the strongest stock service in the industry , quality driven investment and new impetus in product development , made [large] overseas progress which should be maintained in 1993/94 .

The business has made substantial progress in terms of integrating production facilities , warehousing and administration .
the business has made [large] progress in terms of integrating production facilities , warehousing and administration .

He , more than any other ornithologist , knew what to look for and would be able , with the help of a few hand-picked collectors , to assemble a substantial collection in a fraction of the time it would take should he stay home and await specimens sent by less reliable amateurs .
he , more than any other ornithologist , knew what to look for and would be able , with the help of a few hand-picked collectors , to assemble a [large] collection in a fraction of the time it would take should he stay home and await specimens sent by less reliable amateurs .

Since the days when he first settled at Yarrundi to farm sheep and cattle on the fertile Liverpool plains , Stephen Coxen had accumulated a substantial tract of land amounting to about 12,000 acres and about as many head of livestock .
since the days when he first settled at yarrundi to farm sheep and cattle on the fertile liverpool plains , stephen coxen had accumulated a [large] tract of land amounting to about 12,000 acres and about as many head of livestock .

Although Iraq had achieved formal independence in 1932 , with the exit of the British administration installed under the League of Nations mandate , there remained for a number of years a substantial British presence .
although iraq had achieved formal independence in 1932 , with the exit of the british administration installed under the league of nations mandate , there remained for a number of years a [large] british presence .

It was the first in which a substantial number of attacks on tankers occurred , 62 being reported in all .
it was the first in which a [large] number of attacks on tankers occurred , 62 being reported in all .

Despite all these efforts to prevent or limit warfare , there was a substantial toll in human life , though not as great as that of the Iran-Iraq conflict .
despite all these efforts to prevent or limit warfare , there was a [large] toll in human life , though not as great as that of the iran-iraq conflict .

Disabled people meet substantial resistance to many choices , and so a range of communication , assertiveness and negotiation skills is needed .
disabled people meet [large] resistance to many choices , and so a range of communication , assertiveness and negotiation skills is needed .

It is interesting to note that a substantial part of the export sales in 1985 were to companies with whom we no longer deal as they have since merged and changed .
it is interesting to note that a [large] part of the export sales in 1985 were to companies with whom we no longer deal as they have since merged and changed .

Substantial cities , kitsch resorts —
[large] cities , kitsch resorts —

Urban politics itself is also a substantial subject and it too has received wide-ranging and systematic attention .
urban politics itself is also a [large] subject and it too has received wide-ranging and systematic attention .

We will find that they both provide substantial insights into our central theme .
we will find that they both provide [large] insights into our central theme .

In Britain , for example , Merseyside , Sheffield and Glasgow have long been considered to be ‘ red islands ’ within British society : the labour movement having forced out of the state substantial levels of collective housing and welfare provision .
in britain , for example , merseyside , sheffield and glasgow have long been considered to be ‘ red islands ’ within british society : the labour movement having forced out of the state [large] levels of collective housing and welfare provision .

Hall 's ideas led , however , to a substantial critique by Jessop et al .
hall 's ideas led , however , to a [large] critique by jessop et al .

The Conservative and Liberal leaders told the Prime Minister that they could not countenance new taxation of the order of 100 million , and that only further substantial cuts in expenditure , particularly in unemployment benefits , could restore public confidence .
the conservative and liberal leaders told the prime minister that they could not countenance new taxation of the order of 100 million , and that only further [large] cuts in expenditure , particularly in unemployment benefits , could restore public confidence .

Again Balfour 's account is in substantial agreement , although he adds the gloss that when , at one stage in his summing up he referred to his assumption that Asquith would not serve under either Law or Lloyd George , Asquith intervened to say that he had not gone quite so far as that ; he must consult his friends before giving a final answer .
again balfour 's account is in [large] agreement , although he adds the gloss that when , at one stage in his summing up he referred to his assumption that asquith would not serve under either law or lloyd george , asquith intervened to say that he had not gone quite so far as that ; he must consult his friends before giving a final answer .

Dr Linebaugh has suggested that much so-called criminal activity on the part of working people was identified in the process of transformation of the wage from a form in which money constituted a substantial part of the wage to one based wholly on it .
dr linebaugh has suggested that much so-called criminal activity on the part of working people was identified in the process of transformation of the wage from a form in which money constituted a [large] part of the wage to one based wholly on it .

Some had large dependent families , while others had teenage children able to make a substantial contribution .
some had large dependent families , while others had teenage children able to make a [large] contribution .

However , there is a great risk in counting from directories because a route might allow the listing of several destinations as though they were separate journeys , and the increase , although undoubtedly substantial , may have been much smaller than it appears .
however , there is a great risk in counting from directories because a route might allow the listing of several destinations as though they were separate journeys , and the increase , although undoubtedly [large] , may have been much smaller than it appears .

The large dividends paid by the more successful companies incorporated a substantial element of monopoly profit .
the large dividends paid by the more successful companies incorporated a [large] element of monopoly profit .

After 1760 , with the acceleration in turnpike trust formation and the advent of the canal age , investment in transport came to account for a substantial fraction of total capital investment in Britain .
after 1760 , with the acceleration in turnpike trust formation and the advent of the canal age , investment in transport came to account for a [large] fraction of total capital investment in britain .

Dr Fisher has clearly demonstrated that the export of manufactures to Portugal was closely bound to their subsequent re-export from Lisbon to Brazil : `` The business that English merchants drove to the English colonies in this period was in fact complemented by substantial indirect trades to the Iberian empires in America . ``
dr fisher has clearly demonstrated that the export of manufactures to portugal was closely bound to their subsequent re-export from lisbon to brazil : `` the business that english merchants drove to the english colonies in this period was in fact complemented by [large] indirect trades to the iberian empires in america . ``

The financial rationale of the great companies had been the way in which they had enabled a generation of investors , most of whom were substantial , to become merchants by proxy .
the financial rationale of the great companies had been the way in which they had enabled a generation of investors , most of whom were [large] , to become merchants by proxy .

That duration testifies to the substantial fact that for all the alarm the crisis produced , the British financial system had reached a level of sophistication and general confidence which enabled it to live through a moment which in earlier times would have seemed the harbinger of doom .
that duration testifies to the [large] fact that for all the alarm the crisis produced , the british financial system had reached a level of sophistication and general confidence which enabled it to live through a moment which in earlier times would have seemed the harbinger of doom .

Landed proprietors generally did not much invest in the funds , although some individual peers had substantial holdings .
landed proprietors generally did not much invest in the funds , although some individual peers had [large] holdings .

It also held East Indian bonds , and the fact that it gave substantial mortgages on land has led Dickson to suggest that to an extent it was diverting funds derived from industry and trade towards the landed interest .
it also held east indian bonds , and the fact that it gave [large] mortgages on land has led dickson to suggest that to an extent it was diverting funds derived from industry and trade towards the landed interest .

What emerged over the first half of the century was a financial system which , if limited by comparison with what was to develop over the next two centuries , was capable of mobilising substantial funds and of providing most of the essential services needed by a diversifying economy growing both in output and in sophistication .
what emerged over the first half of the century was a financial system which , if limited by comparison with what was to develop over the next two centuries , was capable of mobilising [large] funds and of providing most of the essential services needed by a diversifying economy growing both in output and in sophistication .

This tendency , as Professor Joslin pointed out , accelerated once the landed classes came to appreciate both the security and the convenience of lodging a substantial part of their incomes with London banks .
this tendency , as professor joslin pointed out , accelerated once the landed classes came to appreciate both the security and the convenience of lodging a [large] part of their incomes with london banks .

These depositors were less likely to make sudden substantial withdrawals , which allowed for lower cash reserves : profit without risk , especially since lendings were usually secured on land mortgage .
these depositors were less likely to make sudden [large] withdrawals , which allowed for lower cash reserves : profit without risk , especially since lendings were usually secured on land mortgage .

Do n't forget details : particularly in rented property , where you ca n't make substantial alterations , you can still make an enormous difference with carefully chosen accessories : sets of matching storage jars , wooden spice racks , kitchen roll holders , pretty tea towels , bunches of herbs , onions or dried flowers , interesting canisters-old or new ; plants ; posters ; prints ; and last , but by no means least , good-looking cookware .
do n't forget details : particularly in rented property , where you ca n't make [large] alterations , you can still make an enormous difference with carefully chosen accessories : sets of matching storage jars , wooden spice racks , kitchen roll holders , pretty tea towels , bunches of herbs , onions or dried flowers , interesting canisters-old or new ; plants ; posters ; prints ; and last , but by no means least , good-looking cookware .

Or install some sort of screen , dividing panel , a blind that lets down from the ceiling , and even a stack of wine racks which would make a substantial and permanent wall in themselves .
or install some sort of screen , dividing panel , a blind that lets down from the ceiling , and even a stack of wine racks which would make a [large] and permanent wall in themselves .

If the reform of Europe 's airline regulation is carried out intelligently , the gains will be substantial .
if the reform of europe 's airline regulation is carried out intelligently , the gains will be [large] .

You are already possessed of a substantial household , and have here been visited with a second .
you are already possessed of a [large] household , and have here been visited with a second .

There were letters from the boy here in his closet , no more than a week old , cold-blooded enough in their analysis of the military situation since Grey 's loss , and ruthless enough in their acceptance of the necessity to deal in extremes in the last resort , but still arguing the advantage of restraint , even daring to suggest that Lord Grey 's capture made no substantial alteration in the case for negotiation , since he was the original party to the complaint which had never actually come to a judgment under law .
there were letters from the boy here in his closet , no more than a week old , cold-blooded enough in their analysis of the military situation since grey 's loss , and ruthless enough in their acceptance of the necessity to deal in extremes in the last resort , but still arguing the advantage of restraint , even daring to suggest that lord grey 's capture made no [large] alteration in the case for negotiation , since he was the original party to the complaint which had never actually come to a judgment under law .

Always the money that had not arrived , always the arrears of pay causing disaffection , and even if they had been sent substantial tallies on regional treasuries or port taxation officers , still the endless complaint that the money simply was not there to meet the bills .
always the money that had not arrived , always the arrears of pay causing disaffection , and even if they had been sent [large] tallies on regional treasuries or port taxation officers , still the endless complaint that the money simply was not there to meet the bills .

He mustered from his family 's many garrisons a substantial army , and went out to patrol his borders and look for his enemy .
he mustered from his family 's many garrisons a [large] army , and went out to patrol his borders and look for his enemy .

Past Ruthyn and Clocaenog and into the Cambrian mountains and the Berwyns , hampered by vile weather , and impeded by swollen streams and misty hills , he moved methodically on the lines laid down for him , and made no contact with any substantial enemy .
past ruthyn and clocaenog and into the cambrian mountains and the berwyns , hampered by vile weather , and impeded by swollen streams and misty hills , he moved methodically on the lines laid down for him , and made no contact with any [large] enemy .

From such studies ( Just and Carpenter , 1987 ) it has been determined that only about 65 % of the words in a passage are fixated — substantial proof of the importance of higher level processing .
from such studies ( just and carpenter , 1987 ) it has been determined that only about 65 % of the words in a passage are fixated — [large] proof of the importance of higher level processing .

More substantial modifications may be necessary to the system for a particular task .
more [large] modifications may be necessary to the system for a particular task .

This will itself involve the development of substantial lexicons .
this will itself involve the development of [large] lexicons .

Fred begins to feel an appetite for something a bit more substantial than speculation .
fred begins to feel an appetite for something a bit more [large] than speculation .

The substantial mortgage was by no means essential , but Mike 's parents had always owned a large , well-appointed home on Sydney 's prestigious North Shore and he did n't see why he should settle for less .
the [large] mortgage was by no means essential , but mike 's parents had always owned a large , well-appointed home on sydney 's prestigious north shore and he did n't see why he should settle for less .

His writing is a joy , combining the telling quote from finance megastars with anecdote to illustrate a substantial point .
his writing is a joy , combining the telling quote from finance megastars with anecdote to illustrate a [large] point .

Have longer , more substantial articles
have longer , more [large] articles

There are also substantial financial attractions for a Third World country in becoming someone 's dustbin .
there are also [large] financial attractions for a third world country in becoming someone 's dustbin .

However , we must be clear in our minds that we are dealing with substantial issues .
however , we must be clear in our minds that we are dealing with [large] issues .

Friend the Chancellor announced increased programmes in a number of Departments which will provide substantial work for the industry .
friend the chancellor announced increased programmes in a number of departments which will provide [large] work for the industry .

This year , we also insisted on a substantial strengthening of the nature of the health warnings put on packets and on any tobacco advertising .
this year , we also insisted on a [large] strengthening of the nature of the health warnings put on packets and on any tobacco advertising .

Advertising directed at reducing tobacco consumption by parents has a substantial secondary knock-on effect on children .
advertising directed at reducing tobacco consumption by parents has a [large] secondary knock-on effect on children .

Evidence from the continent and comparison of our record with that of other European countries show that that is the route which delivers a substantial reduction in tobacco smoking .
evidence from the continent and comparison of our record with that of other european countries show that that is the route which delivers a [large] reduction in tobacco smoking .

The media are also required , when reporting matters which are relevant to imminent legal proceedings , to ensure that their reports do not give rise to any substantial risk of prejudice .
the media are also required , when reporting matters which are relevant to imminent legal proceedings , to ensure that their reports do not give rise to any [large] risk of prejudice .

However , as the Secretary of State will understand , there are substantial start-up costs , and conservation interests will be disappointed because of the enhanced responsibilities that they are taking on board and the increased staffing to which they are committed .
however , as the secretary of state will understand , there are [large] start-up costs , and conservation interests will be disappointed because of the enhanced responsibilities that they are taking on board and the increased staffing to which they are committed .

Gentleman , that is a substantial increase .
gentleman , that is a [large] increase .

That is a substantial increase by any criteria .
that is a [large] increase by any criteria .

That figure contains substantial provision for the needs of Lanarkshire .
that figure contains [large] provision for the needs of lanarkshire .

For a number of years , the Government have secured substantial funds for the area .
for a number of years , the government have secured [large] funds for the area .

If the hon. Gentleman wants a level playing field between Scotland and England , he will have to face up to a substantial drop in spending by central Government in Scotland .
if the hon. gentleman wants a level playing field between scotland and england , he will have to face up to a [large] drop in spending by central government in scotland .

’ Those problems have not been solved — just as we said that they would not be — because the Government did not take the issue seriously enough and did not press as they should have pressed for the substantial reforms that were needed .
’ those problems have not been solved — just as we said that they would not be — because the government did not take the issue seriously enough and did not press as they should have pressed for the [large] reforms that were needed .

There are a substantial number of cases before the Housing Executive concerning homes where major adaptations are required .
there are a [large] number of cases before the housing executive concerning homes where major adaptations are required .

It is a substantial record of investment in the expansion of primary and community health care .
it is a [large] record of investment in the expansion of primary and community health care .

That is a substantial record of success in support of a much wider strategy of developing primary care as an essential part of modern health care delivery .
that is a [large] record of success in support of a much wider strategy of developing primary care as an essential part of modern health care delivery .

Substantial encouragement for the computerisation process in the primary care sector was developed by the scheme which my hon .
[large] encouragement for the computerisation process in the primary care sector was developed by the scheme which my hon .

Friend the Member for Kettering ( Mr. Freeman ) , my predecessor , stand witness to the fact that the existence of the list size limit was known and was the subject of substantial criticism from representative organisations within the profession .
friend the member for kettering ( mr. freeman ) , my predecessor , stand witness to the fact that the existence of the list size limit was known and was the subject of [large] criticism from representative organisations within the profession .

However , in view of the region 's deep-rooted difficulties — such as its overdependence on declining industries — the Government have sought to underpin the policies with substantial central support .
however , in view of the region 's deep-rooted difficulties — such as its overdependence on declining industries — the government have sought to underpin the policies with [large] central support .

When their car is taken , they suffer , at the very least , considerable inconvenience and very often substantial financial loss .
when their car is taken , they suffer , at the very least , considerable inconvenience and very often [large] financial loss .

The result has been a substantial increase in homelessness and deprivation .
the result has been a [large] increase in homelessness and deprivation .

of the people who take without consent are charged with criminal damage , yet four out of every 10 vehicles returned to their unfortunate owners suffer substantial damage .
of the people who take without consent are charged with criminal damage , yet four out of every 10 vehicles returned to their unfortunate owners suffer [large] damage .

The first is that the British coal industry will be decimated in the near future ; the second is that the present Conservative Government are actively working to achieve such a decline , together with the substantial job losses that accompany pit closures .
the first is that the british coal industry will be decimated in the near future ; the second is that the present conservative government are actively working to achieve such a decline , together with the [large] job losses that accompany pit closures .

Yes , we can look forward to that application , for under the provisions agreed in the treaty , if we and our European partners fail to implement directives that we sign up to , we shall be subjected to substantial fines by the European Court of Justice .
yes , we can look forward to that application , for under the provisions agreed in the treaty , if we and our european partners fail to implement directives that we sign up to , we shall be subjected to [large] fines by the european court of justice .

He could make substantial increases in the severe weather payments scheme .
he could make [large] increases in the severe weather payments scheme .

When these figures show a substantial increase , it is usually assumed that crime , in particular violent crime , has risen dramatically , but , particularly in recent years , other factors have influenced those statistics .
when these figures show a [large] increase , it is usually assumed that crime , in particular violent crime , has risen dramatically , but , particularly in recent years , other factors have influenced those statistics .

Gentleman suggesting that there is something new about a substantial majority of crime being committed by young people — that it is a phenomenon of the 1980s and 1990s ?
gentleman suggesting that there is something new about a [large] majority of crime being committed by young people — that it is a phenomenon of the 1980s and 1990s ?

of three to five-year-olds receive pre-school education , and a substantial proportion of them have a school day of only two and a half hours .
of three to five-year-olds receive pre-school education , and a [large] proportion of them have a school day of only two and a half hours .

Gentleman tried to imply that a substantial proportion of homeless are in bed-and-breakfast accommodation , whereas the number is only 7,900 — which in London represents a decrease of 5 per cent .
gentleman tried to imply that a [large] proportion of homeless are in bed-and-breakfast accommodation , whereas the number is only 7,900 — which in london represents a decrease of 5 per cent .

That amount is topped up by a substantial contribution from the private sector in the form of loans .
that amount is topped up by a [large] contribution from the private sector in the form of loans .

It is making substantial progress in reducing the number of people sleeping rough in London , and we are optimistic about its continued progress .
it is making [large] progress in reducing the number of people sleeping rough in london , and we are optimistic about its continued progress .

One of the Territorial Army 's biggest problems in recent years has been the substantial turnover of recruits , which has amounted to as much as 30 per cent .
one of the territorial army 's biggest problems in recent years has been the [large] turnover of recruits , which has amounted to as much as 30 per cent .

Students are undoubtedly a section of the population who have suffered substantial hardship as a result of Government-inspired measures .
students are undoubtedly a section of the population who have suffered [large] hardship as a result of government-inspired measures .

Does my hon. Friend agree that when such councils involve constitutional amendments to the treaty as well as , as always , substantial business for the Heads of Government to transact , some new formula should be produced whereby meetings could be scheduled for a longer period ? The agenda was in every respect unreasonable for the time allowed and it is remarkable that what was achieved was possible at all .
does my hon. friend agree that when such councils involve constitutional amendments to the treaty as well as , as always , [large] business for the heads of government to transact , some new formula should be produced whereby meetings could be scheduled for a longer period ? the agenda was in every respect unreasonable for the time allowed and it is remarkable that what was achieved was possible at all .

There is a substantial consensus in the House for deepening the European Community , which came from the Maastricht agreements .
there is a [large] consensus in the house for deepening the european community , which came from the maastricht agreements .

What happens to economic and monetary policy , to interest rates , exchange rates , budgetary policy , taxing and spending which are the substantial bread-and-butter issues of our politics ?
what happens to economic and monetary policy , to interest rates , exchange rates , budgetary policy , taxing and spending which are the [large] bread-and-butter issues of our politics ?

My point of order is that , if the Government are having a difference with someone as important as a European Commissioner over such a substantial sum of European and public money , and with the charges that the British Treasury is laundering that money , surely a Minister should have been at the Dispatch Box today to make a statement . Why was there no statement ?
my point of order is that , if the government are having a difference with someone as important as a european commissioner over such a [large] sum of european and public money , and with the charges that the british treasury is laundering that money , surely a minister should have been at the dispatch box today to make a statement . why was there no statement ?

In other words , a college had substantial Government money but was producing education standards that were not satisfactory to the inspectorate .
in other words , a college had [large] government money but was producing education standards that were not satisfactory to the inspectorate .

In Committee there were substantial debates about how far the effectiveness of schools could fairly be judged simply by the publication of crude raw data on their results .
in committee there were [large] debates about how far the effectiveness of schools could fairly be judged simply by the publication of crude raw data on their results .

It is clear that , in the Conservative and Unionist party in Scotland , there is a substantial measure of support for devolution .
it is clear that , in the conservative and unionist party in scotland , there is a [large] measure of support for devolution .

Either Mr Putt settle his long-standing and substantial account , or the tailor would take him to the debtor 's court .
either mr putt settle his long-standing and [large] account , or the tailor would take him to the debtor 's court .

The truth of the matter is that we have seen a substantial reduction in direct tax rates , a substantial improvement in standards of living and , as a result of the reduction in tax rates , an improvement in the tax base , which has enabled us not only to achieve increased public spending on a large scale in our key priority areas , especially health , but to achieve a reduction in direct income tax and , overall , considerably to improve our public sector borrowing requirement .
the truth of the matter is that we have seen a [large] reduction in direct tax rates , a [large] improvement in standards of living and , as a result of the reduction in tax rates , an improvement in the tax base , which has enabled us not only to achieve increased public spending on a large scale in our key priority areas , especially health , but to achieve a reduction in direct income tax and , overall , considerably to improve our public sector borrowing requirement .

If the situation is as the hon. Member for Denton and Reddish ( Mr. Bennett ) describes it , why has the number of applicants to advanced education increased and why does the number of admissions to universities and polytechnics show a substantial increase ? Will my right hon. and learned Friend confirm that student support in the United Kingdom continues to be the most generous in the western world ?
if the situation is as the hon. member for denton and reddish ( mr. bennett ) describes it , why has the number of applicants to advanced education increased and why does the number of admissions to universities and polytechnics show a [large] increase ? will my right hon. and learned friend confirm that student support in the united kingdom continues to be the most generous in the western world ?

It remains our objective to transfer substantial power and responsibility to locally elected politicians on a widely acceptable basis within a framework of stable relationships .
it remains our objective to transfer [large] power and responsibility to locally elected politicians on a widely acceptable basis within a framework of stable relationships .

There is also substantial private investment by employers in training for their staff which the Government encourage through the manpower training scheme .
there is also [large] private investment by employers in training for their staff which the government encourage through the manpower training scheme .

It is certainly the case that in much of what is said about pension comparisons with Europe , areas that would lead to a substantial loss among some British pensioners , including those to whom my hon .
it is certainly the case that in much of what is said about pension comparisons with europe , areas that would lead to a [large] loss among some british pensioners , including those to whom my hon .

We provide a substantial amount of aid , and £1 million of our aid money is committed for good government projects .
we provide a [large] amount of aid , and £1 million of our aid money is committed for good government projects .

The Minister is probably aware that the additional cost of living in inner London is more than £4,000 per year and in outer London more than £3,500 per year . Given that the private sector median allowance is £1,500 extra in inner London and £1,000 extra in outer London , will the Government ensure that their public sector pay policy follows the private sector and that they compensate people who work in London for the substantial additional cost of living in London ?
the minister is probably aware that the additional cost of living in inner london is more than £4,000 per year and in outer london more than £3,500 per year . given that the private sector median allowance is £1,500 extra in inner london and £1,000 extra in outer london , will the government ensure that their public sector pay policy follows the private sector and that they compensate people who work in london for the [large] additional cost of living in london ?

Although we recognise that it was a business decision , there are substantial implications , particularly for Rolls-Royce .
although we recognise that it was a business decision , there are [large] implications , particularly for rolls-royce .

We know something about the views of Mr. Bickerstaffe because he gave a substantial interview to the New Statesman and Society recently .
we know something about the views of mr. bickerstaffe because he gave a [large] interview to the new statesman and society recently .

Gentleman will be aware that there has been a steady and substantial increase in resources for all kinds of community care — be it day places for the mentally ill or for those with learning disabilities , or increased resources for home help .
gentleman will be aware that there has been a steady and [large] increase in resources for all kinds of community care — be it day places for the mentally ill or for those with learning disabilities , or increased resources for home help .

Those authorities that transferred their stock , under the large-scale voluntary transfer policy , have received a substantial capital receipt , a quarter of which they are able to use .
those authorities that transferred their stock , under the large-scale voluntary transfer policy , have received a [large] capital receipt , a quarter of which they are able to use .

Neighbourhood watch schemes are by their nature genuine voluntary organisations , although they receive Government support , in that substantial resources are devoted to them through the funding of the police , who themselves assist neighbourhood watch schemes .
neighbourhood watch schemes are by their nature genuine voluntary organisations , although they receive government support , in that [large] resources are devoted to them through the funding of the police , who themselves assist neighbourhood watch schemes .

Do not the figures reveal that those independent oil analysts who , in the early and middle 1980s , forecast a substantial depletion of United Kingdom resources in the early 1990s got it wrong ? Is not the position that the United Kingdom will remain a very substantial oil producer until well into the next century ?
do not the figures reveal that those independent oil analysts who , in the early and middle 1980s , forecast a [large] depletion of united kingdom resources in the early 1990s got it wrong ? is not the position that the united kingdom will remain a very [large] oil producer until well into the next century ?

It is certainly the case that , due to the substantial improvements in the technical ability to recover oil , in particular by means of enhanced oil recovery techniques , many of the past estimates have proved inaccurate .
it is certainly the case that , due to the [large] improvements in the technical ability to recover oil , in particular by means of enhanced oil recovery techniques , many of the past estimates have proved inaccurate .

There has been a substantial advance in real-terms pay under our Administration , and this year the pay award that has been made for the current year is increasing the teachers ' pay bill overall by 11.3 per cent .
there has been a [large] advance in real-terms pay under our administration , and this year the pay award that has been made for the current year is increasing the teachers ' pay bill overall by 11.3 per cent .

It is questionable whether it would be a topmost priority for us in the context of present economic circumstances to urge a substantial increase in the overall funding of postgraduate study .
it is questionable whether it would be a topmost priority for us in the context of present economic circumstances to urge a [large] increase in the overall funding of postgraduate study .

The Universities Funding Council provides substantial funding on research-based criteria for the humanities .
the universities funding council provides [large] funding on research-based criteria for the humanities .

That would result in a return to the period when 29 million days were lost to strikes and when substantial burdens were imposed on British industry .
that would result in a return to the period when 29 million days were lost to strikes and when [large] burdens were imposed on british industry .

It is known that a substantial part of that weaponry is in the Republic of Ireland .
it is known that a [large] part of that weaponry is in the republic of ireland .

The Government are providing substantial help to those who risk losing their homes when they lose their jobs .
the government are providing [large] help to those who risk losing their homes when they lose their jobs .

As he knows , the research effort in the Ministry of Defence is undergoing substantial change in terms of the Defence Research Agency .
as he knows , the research effort in the ministry of defence is undergoing [large] change in terms of the defence research agency .

There has been another substantial increase for 1992-93 , an increase which safeguards the position of all children in Cambridgeshire .
there has been another [large] increase for 1992-93 , an increase which safeguards the position of all children in cambridgeshire .

There is also a substantial minority of Albanians in Macedonia .
there is also a [large] minority of albanians in macedonia .

Does my hon. Friend agree that some of the best beef exported from Britain comes from the less-favoured areas and hill land ? Does he agree that hill farmers had a substantial drop in income in recent years ? When will he announce an enhanced hill livestock compensatory allowance ?
does my hon. friend agree that some of the best beef exported from britain comes from the less-favoured areas and hill land ? does he agree that hill farmers had a [large] drop in income in recent years ? when will he announce an enhanced hill livestock compensatory allowance ?

Has my right hon. Friend had time to notice this week substantial orders from abroad for British Aerospace , Rolls-Royce and Govan Shipbuilders ? Is it not churlish that Labour Members have not welcomed any of those orders ?
has my right hon. friend had time to notice this week [large] orders from abroad for british aerospace , rolls-royce and govan shipbuilders ? is it not churlish that labour members have not welcomed any of those orders ?

Substantial progress has been made on , for example , the Northampton line and the Thames and Chiltern lines and will shortly be made on the Kent link lines .
[large] progress has been made on , for example , the northampton line and the thames and chiltern lines and will shortly be made on the kent link lines .

He might have drawn attention also to the fact that the health service is planning to spend £36 million on a very substantial capital scheme at the Cumberland infirmary .
he might have drawn attention also to the fact that the health service is planning to spend £36 million on a very [large] capital scheme at the cumberland infirmary .

It looks very substantial on the surface , but when one looks below the surface , one finds nothing of any substance .
it looks very [large] on the surface , but when one looks below the surface , one finds nothing of any substance .

Despite the unfavourable economic climate , both youth training and employment training continue to help young and unemployed people on a very substantial scale to go into further training and further education .
despite the unfavourable economic climate , both youth training and employment training continue to help young and unemployed people on a very [large] scale to go into further training and further education .

Will he accept that it is of particular interest to householders in Chelmsford because they accept that home energy labelling will lead to substantial energy savings ?
will he accept that it is of particular interest to householders in chelmsford because they accept that home energy labelling will lead to [large] energy savings ?

Will the Secretary of State ensure that the substantial sum that the European Community wants to give us , and which the coalfield communities want to receive , is given now when it is needed ?
will the secretary of state ensure that the [large] sum that the european community wants to give us , and which the coalfield communities want to receive , is given now when it is needed ?

It is for them to ensure that those substantial resources are used effectively .
it is for them to ensure that those [large] resources are used effectively .

These substantial resources will enable the executive to continue the progress that it has made in recent years in improving housing conditions in Northern Ireland .
these [large] resources will enable the executive to continue the progress that it has made in recent years in improving housing conditions in northern ireland .

Does my hon. Friend agree that , given the substantial extra burden that will be placed on employers , well-meaning proposals to extend the benefits of the national insurance system to low-paid employees would have the opposite effect to the one intended , as most would lose their jobs ?
does my hon. friend agree that , given the [large] extra burden that will be placed on employers , well-meaning proposals to extend the benefits of the national insurance system to low-paid employees would have the opposite effect to the one intended , as most would lose their jobs ?

Is my right hon. Friend aware that this new benefit will be widely welcomed ? Will he confirm that if we had adopted a scatter-gun approach to benefits , as the Labour Government did , the substantial improvements in help for the disabled since 1979 would not have been possible ? Can he say by how much the groups affected by the scheme will have benefited in those years ?
is my right hon. friend aware that this new benefit will be widely welcomed ? will he confirm that if we had adopted a scatter-gun approach to benefits , as the labour government did , the [large] improvements in help for the disabled since 1979 would not have been possible ? can he say by how much the groups affected by the scheme will have benefited in those years ?

Therefore , we have made substantial progress .
therefore , we have made [large] progress .

The Minister will be aware of the substantial minorities in each of the Baltic states , some of which , prior to the recognition of their independence , were being used to impede that development . In respect of those minorities , has any suggestion been made to revise the frontiers of the Baltic states ? Has it been thought necessary to make any special provision to protect the position of those minorities ?
the minister will be aware of the [large] minorities in each of the baltic states , some of which , prior to the recognition of their independence , were being used to impede that development . in respect of those minorities , has any suggestion been made to revise the frontiers of the baltic states ? has it been thought necessary to make any special provision to protect the position of those minorities ?

There is a greater problem in relation to Estonia and Latvia , where there are substantial numbers of ethnic Russians .
there is a greater problem in relation to estonia and latvia , where there are [large] numbers of ethnic russians .

In addition , for good measure , a substantial increase in the Government 's commitment to hospital building was announced .
in addition , for good measure , a [large] increase in the government 's commitment to hospital building was announced .

The real test of what has happened has been the overall growth in gross domestic product , which has been very substantial .
the real test of what has happened has been the overall growth in gross domestic product , which has been very [large] .

They tend to be people who are used to making regular weekly payments and they have a substantial equity in their homes because of discounts .
they tend to be people who are used to making regular weekly payments and they have a [large] equity in their homes because of discounts .

Mr. Simon Hughes As the Minister 's first answer made it clear that a price differential has been a major cause of the substantial increase in sales of unleaded petrol , and as the Secretary of State is on record as saying that the market has a role to play in cutting the use of petrol across the market in the United Kingdom , by what figures does the Department currently estimate that petrol prices will increase over the next few years ?
mr. simon hughes as the minister 's first answer made it clear that a price differential has been a major cause of the [large] increase in sales of unleaded petrol , and as the secretary of state is on record as saying that the market has a role to play in cutting the use of petrol across the market in the united kingdom , by what figures does the department currently estimate that petrol prices will increase over the next few years ?

Friend will know that the galleries and museums that charge either do not charge or operate substantial concessions for the elderly , for school children and for educational parties .
friend will know that the galleries and museums that charge either do not charge or operate [large] concessions for the elderly , for school children and for educational parties .

Only the Labour party could plan to cripple industry with both a national minimum wage and substantial tax increases when trading conditions are so difficult .
only the labour party could plan to cripple industry with both a national minimum wage and [large] tax increases when trading conditions are so difficult .

Is the Minister not aware that a significant number of pensioners who own their own homes are among the poorest in the country ? Many have all their capital tied up in their homes and have to use the meagre resources of the basic state retirement pension to repair and restore their homes and to pay their heating bills ? Is not that situation made even worse by the massive Government cuts in renovation grants for elderly people ? Will the Government recognise that the only way that many of those pensioners will have a happy and healthy retirement is through a substantial increase in the basic rate of income of at least £5 for a single person and £8 per couple , which is the commitment of the Labour party and which is supported by pensioner groups throughout the country as was shown by a recent lobby of Parliament by pensioners from the north-west which was supported by many Conservative Members ?
is the minister not aware that a significant number of pensioners who own their own homes are among the poorest in the country ? many have all their capital tied up in their homes and have to use the meagre resources of the basic state retirement pension to repair and restore their homes and to pay their heating bills ? is not that situation made even worse by the massive government cuts in renovation grants for elderly people ? will the government recognise that the only way that many of those pensioners will have a happy and healthy retirement is through a [large] increase in the basic rate of income of at least £5 for a single person and £8 per couple , which is the commitment of the labour party and which is supported by pensioner groups throughout the country as was shown by a recent lobby of parliament by pensioners from the north-west which was supported by many conservative members ?

Gentleman knows , we still have substantial orders for defence equipment .
gentleman knows , we still have [large] orders for defence equipment .

We have repeatedly indicated in public expenditure round after public expenditure round that we are increasing over and above inflation substantial resources for the health service — far more even than the right hon .
we have repeatedly indicated in public expenditure round after public expenditure round that we are increasing over and above inflation [large] resources for the health service — far more even than the right hon .

Is it not clear that the substantial staged increases in respect of the existing bridge are being imposed simply to provide money for the second , privatised bridge ? Did the Welsh Office , because of the enormous blows to the location policy in Wales , bother to make representations against them ?
is it not clear that the [large] staged increases in respect of the existing bridge are being imposed simply to provide money for the second , privatised bridge ? did the welsh office , because of the enormous blows to the location policy in wales , bother to make representations against them ?

Is my right hon. Friend aware that the measures introduced yesterday by our right hon. Friend the Chancellor , the harmonious industrial relations restored by the Government and the substantial investment from home and overseas mean that manufacturing in the heart of England is deeply grateful for all that the Government have done in the past 13 years ? The last thing that manufacturing wants is a Government who adopt the European social charter which would destroy the advantage that we have in the west midlands .
is my right hon. friend aware that the measures introduced yesterday by our right hon. friend the chancellor , the harmonious industrial relations restored by the government and the [large] investment from home and overseas mean that manufacturing in the heart of england is deeply grateful for all that the government have done in the past 13 years ? the last thing that manufacturing wants is a government who adopt the european social charter which would destroy the advantage that we have in the west midlands .

Nevertheless instability and other risks remain in Europe and elsewhere , and substantial and effective nuclear and conventional forces will be maintained .
nevertheless instability and other risks remain in europe and elsewhere , and [large] and effective nuclear and conventional forces will be maintained .

Some people try to use the escape hatch of saying that the problem is a religious one , but it is not , although there are substantial religious overtones .
some people try to use the escape hatch of saying that the problem is a religious one , but it is not , although there are [large] religious overtones .

If we do not do that , we are abdicating responsibility and refusing to fulfil our primary role — to tackle and solve problems of a substantial nature .
if we do not do that , we are abdicating responsibility and refusing to fulfil our primary role — to tackle and solve problems of a [large] nature .

Plants in England provide substantial net spent fuel reprocessing and radioactive waste management for Scotland .
plants in england provide [large] net spent fuel reprocessing and radioactive waste management for scotland .

Nevertheless , my right hon. Friend is right to point out the role that we can play , where countries come together on issues , whereas on other issues — certainly on major critical and substantial issues — they must retain absolute national sovereignty in the development of their own foreign policies .
nevertheless , my right hon. friend is right to point out the role that we can play , where countries come together on issues , whereas on other issues — certainly on major critical and [large] issues — they must retain absolute national sovereignty in the development of their own foreign policies .

Those are some of the achievements for which the Government can take substantial credit .
those are some of the achievements for which the government can take [large] credit .

Gentleman is obviously unaware of the substantial investment in the research and development programme in Scotland on renewable energies .
gentleman is obviously unaware of the [large] investment in the research and development programme in scotland on renewable energies .

They were all very alarmed by the prospect of substantial movements of people .
they were all very alarmed by the prospect of [large] movements of people .

In another , Labour says : ’ First priority will be substantial extra investment in London on extra buses , tubes and trains . ’
in another , labour says : ’ first priority will be [large] extra investment in london on extra buses , tubes and trains . ’

That is substantial investment in science and technology .
that is [large] investment in science and technology .

It is doubtful whether the claimed benefits justify the substantial costs .
it is doubtful whether the claimed benefits justify the [large] costs .

Friend will consider the proposals in terms of whether they raise issues of national or regional significance or give rise to substantial controversy .
friend will consider the proposals in terms of whether they raise issues of national or regional significance or give rise to [large] controversy .

They bought them at a substantial discount .
they bought them at a [large] discount .

The male millionaire will not get any rebates , whereas the single older widow will be eligible for substantial rebates , and a single unmarried mother with several children who is on income support will pay nothing .
the male millionaire will not get any rebates , whereas the single older widow will be eligible for [large] rebates , and a single unmarried mother with several children who is on income support will pay nothing .

It was apparent throughout the Inspection that substantial areas of the County are no longer patrolled by the Police .
it was apparent throughout the inspection that [large] areas of the county are no longer patrolled by the police .

The Labour party won control of Derbyshire with a substantial majority in 1981 and the inspector of constabulary says that there have been at least eight years of progressive underfunding by the police committee — 1.8 per cent .
the labour party won control of derbyshire with a [large] majority in 1981 and the inspector of constabulary says that there have been at least eight years of progressive underfunding by the police committee — 1.8 per cent .

To help sustain that substantial expansion of local government expenditure , the Government have shifted the burden so that central Government now bear up to 89 per cent .
to help sustain that [large] expansion of local government expenditure , the government have shifted the burden so that central government now bear up to 89 per cent .

Local authorities will need a substantial amount of time to ensure that their information technology is correct and is in place to deal with the council tax .
local authorities will need a [large] amount of time to ensure that their information technology is correct and is in place to deal with the council tax .

It would be fair to say that a substantial number would be included . In my estimation , the number of extravagant local authorities —
it would be fair to say that a [large] number would be included . in my estimation , the number of extravagant local authorities —

He described that as a substantial real-terms increase and a generous package of support .
he described that as a [large] real-terms increase and a generous package of support .

The withdrawal of most full-time students ' entitlement to those benefits took place at a time when substantial additional resources were being made available to students through the education system .
the withdrawal of most full-time students ' entitlement to those benefits took place at a time when [large] additional resources were being made available to students through the education system .

The educational maintenance system is specifically designed with the financial needs of students in mind and we have made substantial new resources available to ensure that those needs are met .
the educational maintenance system is specifically designed with the financial needs of students in mind and we have made [large] new resources available to ensure that those needs are met .

He will recognise that that is causing substantial problems for a number of carriers .
he will recognise that that is causing [large] problems for a number of carriers .

Despite all the entreaties that we could mount , including substantial medical evidence , the Home Office decided — the matter went to ministerial level — that he must return to Turkey .
despite all the entreaties that we could mount , including [large] medical evidence , the home office decided — the matter went to ministerial level — that he must return to turkey .

There are no ethnic minorities in Slovenia but there are substantial ones in Croatia , most notably the Serbs .
there are no ethnic minorities in slovenia but there are [large] ones in croatia , most notably the serbs .

Next year , instead of the required substantial increase that is needed , there will be a derisory and inadequate increase of 2 per cent .
next year , instead of the required [large] increase that is needed , there will be a derisory and inadequate increase of 2 per cent .

Our economy has a substantial financial services sector , which would be greatly disadvantaged if the central bank were located anywhere in the Community other than in this country and in London .
our economy has a [large] financial services sector , which would be greatly disadvantaged if the central bank were located anywhere in the community other than in this country and in london .

Those substantial achievements are already on the record .
those [large] achievements are already on the record .

He spoke about not liking majority voting on foreign policy ’ matters of substance ’ and on ’ substantial decisions ’ in foreign policy .
he spoke about not liking majority voting on foreign policy ’ matters of substance ’ and on ’ [large] decisions ’ in foreign policy .

The Secretary of State put before us a whole catalogue of countries that have ballistic missile capability , and a substantial number of them appear to have embarked on a nuclear weapons programme .
the secretary of state put before us a whole catalogue of countries that have ballistic missile capability , and a [large] number of them appear to have embarked on a nuclear weapons programme .

The sum available for further and higher education students — nearly £26 million this year — is a substantial extra amount and , if allocations are properly targeted by institutions , should be adequate for its purpose .
the sum available for further and higher education students — nearly £26 million this year — is a [large] extra amount and , if allocations are properly targeted by institutions , should be adequate for its purpose .

We could put primary legislation before Parliament to change that , of course , but we would need to consider the substantial cost to the taxpayer .
we could put primary legislation before parliament to change that , of course , but we would need to consider the [large] cost to the taxpayer .

It will necessitate six years of construction work for 24 hours , seven days a week , which will render many of the homes in that district uninhabitable for substantial periods .
it will necessitate six years of construction work for 24 hours , seven days a week , which will render many of the homes in that district uninhabitable for [large] periods .

There has also been a High Court decision on the rights of the trustees of St. Bartholomew 's hospital in relation to a substantial portion of British Rail land at King 's Cross .
there has also been a high court decision on the rights of the trustees of st. bartholomew 's hospital in relation to a [large] portion of british rail land at king 's cross .

She reflected indignantly that he 'd already eaten a substantial helping of bacon and eggs about three o'clock that morning .
she reflected indignantly that he 'd already eaten a [large] helping of bacon and eggs about three o'clock that morning .

The original wall survives at the base to a greater degree than we had realised and gives us a substantial footing .
the original wall survives at the base to a greater degree than we had realised and gives us a [large] footing .

These amendments , though significant , were principally changes of detail and were not substantial in extent .
these amendments , though significant , were principally changes of detail and were not [large] in extent .

However , because the changes were not substantial , this does not significantly diminish the authority of those cases .
however , because the changes were not [large] , this does not significantly diminish the authority of those cases .

Thus it is still the case that goods are of merchantable quality if they are suitable ( without substantial abatement of the price ) for one or more of the purposes for which goods of that description are normally bought .
thus it is still the case that goods are of merchantable quality if they are suitable ( without [large] abatement of the price ) for one or more of the purposes for which goods of that description are normally bought .

For socialists of this persuasion , their model society has required little more than the superimposition of a substantial state sector on to societies characterized by markets , private ownership and liberal democracy .
for socialists of this persuasion , their model society has required little more than the superimposition of a [large] state sector on to societies characterized by markets , private ownership and liberal democracy .

Planning can balance demand and supply ex ante rather than ex post , so avoiding substantial waste of resources .
planning can balance demand and supply ex ante rather than ex post , so avoiding [large] waste of resources .

In recent decades there have been substantial changes in the family and household experiences of people in Britain , especially in the 1980s .
in recent decades there have been [large] changes in the family and household experiences of people in britain , especially in the 1980s .

Children from primaries 4 and 6 and secondary 2 will be tested on both games in the first year of the project and then retested a year later to yield a substantial collection of dialogue transports .
children from primaries 4 and 6 and secondary 2 will be tested on both games in the first year of the project and then retested a year later to yield a [large] collection of dialogue transports .

Substantial proportions of 16 year-olds join the Youth Training Scheme ; about half of those leaving schemes obtain employment .
[large] proportions of 16 year-olds join the youth training scheme ; about half of those leaving schemes obtain employment .

If we value active and exploratory ways of learning we need to provide worthwhile , substantial , clear and well structured representations of ideas for children to explore .
if we value active and exploratory ways of learning we need to provide worthwhile , [large] , clear and well structured representations of ideas for children to explore .

As with Building Regulations , changes in the Wiring Regulations are not retrospective and are intended for new installations , but substantial additions or alterations to a house 's wiring may mean making changes to an existing installation .
as with building regulations , changes in the wiring regulations are not retrospective and are intended for new installations , but [large] additions or alterations to a house 's wiring may mean making changes to an existing installation .

It must have had substantial embankments leading to it , for the nearby ground level is that of the line .
it must have had [large] embankments leading to it , for the nearby ground level is that of the line .

The Dewey Decimal Classification Online Project is the most substantial piece of research available on the use of classification in online catalogues . The project was carried out in 1984 85 , with the following objectives :
the dewey decimal classification online project is the most [large] piece of research available on the use of classification in online catalogues . the project was carried out in 1984 85 , with the following objectives :

Furthermore , the pressure of working-class parties and trade unions has helped to produce a much more substantial intervention by the state in the economy , and this situation , although it can be interpreted from one aspect as the emergence of a new type of ‘ organized ’ or ‘ managed ’ capitalism , does also constitute a degree of protection of working-class interests against the power of capital through the general regulation of economic activity and the provision of an extensive network of social services , however imperfectly this may be done .
furthermore , the pressure of working-class parties and trade unions has helped to produce a much more [large] intervention by the state in the economy , and this situation , although it can be interpreted from one aspect as the emergence of a new type of ‘ organized ’ or ‘ managed ’ capitalism , does also constitute a degree of protection of working-class interests against the power of capital through the general regulation of economic activity and the provision of an extensive network of social services , however imperfectly this may be done .

This has in fact occurred in the advanced capitalist countries , and one main consequence has been to limit industrial conflict primarily to economic issues , as against larger issues of the control of the enterprise , and to bring about a substantial degree of integration of workers into the existing mode of production .
this has in fact occurred in the advanced capitalist countries , and one main consequence has been to limit industrial conflict primarily to economic issues , as against larger issues of the control of the enterprise , and to bring about a [large] degree of integration of workers into the existing mode of production .

An accumulation of reforms may in fact bring into existence a very different kind of society , and reformist parties may be led , by circumstances and by their responses to them , into advocating and implementing more substantial changes in society than they had originally envisaged .
an accumulation of reforms may in fact bring into existence a very different kind of society , and reformist parties may be led , by circumstances and by their responses to them , into advocating and implementing more [large] changes in society than they had originally envisaged .

Within the category of multi-party systems , whose existence is connected with modern Western democracy , a further distinction can be made between those in which there are two dominant parties ( with only weak third parties ) and those in which there are several parties , each having substantial support .
within the category of multi-party systems , whose existence is connected with modern western democracy , a further distinction can be made between those in which there are two dominant parties ( with only weak third parties ) and those in which there are several parties , each having [large] support .

It is rather more doubtful whether there has been any substantial revision of the opposed theory , of the state as a welfare system and an authentic embodiment of the ‘ general will ’ , in order to take account of real inequalities of political power or the existence , throughout history , of evidently repressive regimes .
it is rather more doubtful whether there has been any [large] revision of the opposed theory , of the state as a welfare system and an authentic embodiment of the ‘ general will ’ , in order to take account of real inequalities of political power or the existence , throughout history , of evidently repressive regimes .

To be sure , there is evident in the modern world a trend toward collectivism , but this can assume , and has assumed , very diverse forms : among them the fascist corporate state ; the Stalinist autocracy and the highly regulated society , dominated by a single party , which succeeded it ; the ‘ mixed economy ’ of the capitalist welfare states , in which some important sectors of the economy are publicly owned , a vast network of publicly financed and administered social services exists , and the national economy is regulated and partly planned by the state , which now employs a substantial and increasing proportion of the active population ; and the former Yugoslav system of self-management in an economy which was largely publicly owned .
to be sure , there is evident in the modern world a trend toward collectivism , but this can assume , and has assumed , very diverse forms : among them the fascist corporate state ; the stalinist autocracy and the highly regulated society , dominated by a single party , which succeeded it ; the ‘ mixed economy ’ of the capitalist welfare states , in which some important sectors of the economy are publicly owned , a vast network of publicly financed and administered social services exists , and the national economy is regulated and partly planned by the state , which now employs a [large] and increasing proportion of the active population ; and the former yugoslav system of self-management in an economy which was largely publicly owned .

The context in which they arose was that of the capitalist world economy and imperialism ; hence there has also been , in many of these movements a substantial socialist influence , and in some countries , notably in China , nationalist movements have culminated in a social revolution .
the context in which they arose was that of the capitalist world economy and imperialism ; hence there has also been , in many of these movements a [large] socialist influence , and in some countries , notably in china , nationalist movements have culminated in a social revolution .

They might be faced with tribal , linguistic or religious divisions , which provide bases for alternative centres of power ; their country might be poor or rich in natural resources ; its geo-political situation vis-a-vis other nations favourable or unfavourable ; the differences between classes , and the intensity of class conflict , more or less substantial .
they might be faced with tribal , linguistic or religious divisions , which provide bases for alternative centres of power ; their country might be poor or rich in natural resources ; its geo-political situation vis-a-vis other nations favourable or unfavourable ; the differences between classes , and the intensity of class conflict , more or less [large] .

Nor can it be claimed very convincingly that socialism has been an effective counter-ideology to nationalism , or that the socialist movement has in any substantial way curbed the actions of nation states .
nor can it be claimed very convincingly that socialism has been an effective counter-ideology to nationalism , or that the socialist movement has in any [large] way curbed the actions of nation states .

For the most part , however , the various reassessments have not led to a complete rejection of Marxist theory , but to lively controversy about , and substantial revision of , some of its central concepts — those of class , party , ideology , the state , the capitalist mode of production , the transition to socialism — in the course of which Marxism has been greatly influenced by recent work in the social sciences and the philosophy of science .
for the most part , however , the various reassessments have not led to a complete rejection of marxist theory , but to lively controversy about , and [large] revision of , some of its central concepts — those of class , party , ideology , the state , the capitalist mode of production , the transition to socialism — in the course of which marxism has been greatly influenced by recent work in the social sciences and the philosophy of science .

In an economic sense , modernity is characterized by highly rationalized industrial production , complex technological infrastructure , and a substantial degree of bureaucratized administrative and service activity [ with ] food production carried out by an increasingly small , but productive , agricultural sector .
in an economic sense , modernity is characterized by highly rationalized industrial production , complex technological infrastructure , and a [large] degree of bureaucratized administrative and service activity [ with ] food production carried out by an increasingly small , but productive , agricultural sector .

They might have set out to reform the planning system , giving greater independence to public enterprises , establishing more effective accounting and regulation of economic performance , and also enlarging the share of medium- and small-scale private enterprise in production , trade and services ; in short , to move gradually towards a system of market socialism or to a mixed economy in which public ownership and planning would still have a substantial place .
they might have set out to reform the planning system , giving greater independence to public enterprises , establishing more effective accounting and regulation of economic performance , and also enlarging the share of medium- and small-scale private enterprise in production , trade and services ; in short , to move gradually towards a system of market socialism or to a mixed economy in which public ownership and planning would still have a [large] place .

There has been a substantial literature on macroeconomic disequilibrium , but there is considerable disagreement about the appropriateness of different models .
there has been a [large] literature on macroeconomic disequilibrium , but there is considerable disagreement about the appropriateness of different models .

This requires us to take a substantial step beyond the Cournot Nash assumption to more sophisticated strategies , allowing for collusive behaviour .
this requires us to take a [large] step beyond the cournot nash assumption to more sophisticated strategies , allowing for collusive behaviour .

This has the advantage of being manageable , but it ignores the very substantial redistribution between generations .
this has the advantage of being manageable , but it ignores the very [large] redistribution between generations .

Given that annuity markets are imperfect , people may leave substantial estates even though they have no altruistic feelings towards their heirs .
given that annuity markets are imperfect , people may leave [large] estates even though they have no altruistic feelings towards their heirs .

The empirical investigations relate to the current income of families , but even accepting these terms of reference there are substantial difficulties .
the empirical investigations relate to the current income of families , but even accepting these terms of reference there are [large] difficulties .

For example , the enactment of import quotas , designed to compensate particular industrial supporters , may impose substantial additional costs .
for example , the enactment of import quotas , designed to compensate particular industrial supporters , may impose [large] additional costs .

As she hurried upstairs to the bedroom , which still seemed to hold Leo 's presence , she tried not to indulge in daydreams that would in all probability prove to be no more substantial than the rainbows she 'd witnessed earlier .
as she hurried upstairs to the bedroom , which still seemed to hold leo 's presence , she tried not to indulge in daydreams that would in all probability prove to be no more [large] than the rainbows she 'd witnessed earlier .

From the upstairs window of the grey-stone , substantial house at the top of the road there was billowing into the night slow , steady streams of smoke — not thick , or threatening in themselves , but culminating in a heavy , acrid cloud haloing the house , and sending a hideous smell of ruin down the gentle hill to the centre of the town .
from the upstairs window of the grey-stone , [large] house at the top of the road there was billowing into the night slow , steady streams of smoke — not thick , or threatening in themselves , but culminating in a heavy , acrid cloud haloing the house , and sending a hideous smell of ruin down the gentle hill to the centre of the town .

Specifically , it is argued that a Community with twenty or twenty-five members would need substantial reform in order to operate effectively : agreement among so many would prove too elusive under present forms .
specifically , it is argued that a community with twenty or twenty-five members would need [large] reform in order to operate effectively : agreement among so many would prove too elusive under present forms .

Whatever the nature of price adjustment costs , one important development in establishing the micro-foundations of Keynesian wage or price rigidity has emphasized that these costs need not be substantial to lead to rigidities which can have important macroeconomic consequences .
whatever the nature of price adjustment costs , one important development in establishing the micro-foundations of keynesian wage or price rigidity has emphasized that these costs need not be [large] to lead to rigidities which can have important macroeconomic consequences .

Often particular normal modes are essentially identical to particular group modes , as we have seen for and , but in other cases substantial mixing of local modes occurs .
often particular normal modes are essentially identical to particular group modes , as we have seen for and , but in other cases [large] mixing of local modes occurs .

This very strong assumption precludes any role for unobserved variables to account for a substantial proportion of population heterogeneity .
this very strong assumption precludes any role for unobserved variables to account for a [large] proportion of population heterogeneity .

This improvement was substantial : from slightly worse than myopic on the first attempt , the average improved to getting on for 40 % of the difference between the optimal and the myopic on the second .
this improvement was [large] : from slightly worse than myopic on the first attempt , the average improved to getting on for 40 % of the difference between the optimal and the myopic on the second .

By that time there was already an appreciation that very substantial currents of water were necessary to transport coarse sediments but , without systematic means of establishing precisely the sizes of particles and the range of particle sizes within a deposit , little scientific advance was made .
by that time there was already an appreciation that very [large] currents of water were necessary to transport coarse sediments but , without systematic means of establishing precisely the sizes of particles and the range of particle sizes within a deposit , little scientific advance was made .

Substantial deviation of particle shapes from spheres may lead to underestimation of the characteristic intermediate diameter according to Ludwick & henderson ( 1968 ) .
[large] deviation of particle shapes from spheres may lead to underestimation of the characteristic intermediate diameter according to ludwick & henderson ( 1968 ) .

Visual inspection of sieve residues should be undertaken to confirm the presence or absence of substantial proportions of strongly non-spherical particles in the sediment .
visual inspection of sieve residues should be undertaken to confirm the presence or absence of [large] proportions of strongly non-spherical particles in the sediment .

They also pointed out that substantial computational skills were required to obtain the best-fit log-hyperbolic curves from which the parameters could be derived .
they also pointed out that [large] computational skills were required to obtain the best-fit log-hyperbolic curves from which the parameters could be derived .

It is , however , more difficult to envisage the formation of a substantial amount of secondary porosity followed by fracturing during deep burial ; this may necessitate a reduction in hydrostatic pressure ( perhaps a relaxation of overpressuring ) , a change in pore fluid chemistry ( cessation of secondary porosity formation ) allowing subsequent fracture , or slight tectonic movement .
it is , however , more difficult to envisage the formation of a [large] amount of secondary porosity followed by fracturing during deep burial ; this may necessitate a reduction in hydrostatic pressure ( perhaps a relaxation of overpressuring ) , a change in pore fluid chemistry ( cessation of secondary porosity formation ) allowing subsequent fracture , or slight tectonic movement .

For all these reasons , therefore , the Bank has to make frequent and substantial decisions about the type of government debt to issue bearing in mind the consequence of its choice .
for all these reasons , therefore , the bank has to make frequent and [large] decisions about the type of government debt to issue bearing in mind the consequence of its choice .

On the face of it , this is a very substantial flow of funds , being approximately twice the increase in building society funds .
on the face of it , this is a very [large] flow of funds , being approximately twice the increase in building society funds .

The sum of 9.5bn is a substantial inflow of funds .
the sum of 9.5bn is a [large] inflow of funds .

Households might have to sell domestic property at a substantial discount because there is no ready second-hand market .
households might have to sell domestic property at a [large] discount because there is no ready second-hand market .

As we have seen above , discount houses and other members of the monetary sector have substantial short-term funds lent to each other .
as we have seen above , discount houses and other members of the monetary sector have [large] short-term funds lent to each other .

The job involves a substantial amount of fieldwork , such as visiting families where there is a record of absence , lateness or other difficulties at school , and the Educational Welfare Service ( staffed by the EWOs ) is usually based in the community rather than the Town Hall , in a school or small area office .
the job involves a [large] amount of fieldwork , such as visiting families where there is a record of absence , lateness or other difficulties at school , and the educational welfare service ( staffed by the ewos ) is usually based in the community rather than the town hall , in a school or small area office .

Nominally a deputy to the chancellor ( for whom he or she does sometimes stand in on ceremonial occasions , such as graduation ceremonies ) , the pro chancellor does have a substantial role , as chair of the council of a university , with overall responsibility for its financial and other non-academic affairs .
nominally a deputy to the chancellor ( for whom he or she does sometimes stand in on ceremonial occasions , such as graduation ceremonies ) , the pro chancellor does have a [large] role , as chair of the council of a university , with overall responsibility for its financial and other non-academic affairs .

Buckinghamshire ) , while in other authorities a substantial proportion of children took paid school meals ( e.g .
buckinghamshire ) , while in other authorities a [large] proportion of children took paid school meals ( e.g .

This shows a percentage decline since 1951 ( when the corresponding figure for boys was 29 % , or 38 % including direct grant schools ) ; during this period , there was a substantial increase in absolute numbers over the minimum leaving age in independent schools , but this was overshadowed by a much larger increase , proportionately as well as absolutely , in maintained schools .
this shows a percentage decline since 1951 ( when the corresponding figure for boys was 29 % , or 38 % including direct grant schools ) ; during this period , there was a [large] increase in absolute numbers over the minimum leaving age in independent schools , but this was overshadowed by a much larger increase , proportionately as well as absolutely , in maintained schools .

There were thus substantial obstacles in Spain and the Habsburg lands to the creation of an effective centralized absolutism , obstacles greater than those which existed in France .
there were thus [large] obstacles in spain and the habsburg lands to the creation of an effective centralized absolutism , obstacles greater than those which existed in france .

The Ottoman Empire possessed a substantial fleet ; but its ships were poorly designed ( Turkey was the last important Mediterranean State to use galleys on a large scale ) , often inadequately armed and until fairly late in the century very poorly manned .
the ottoman empire possessed a [large] fleet ; but its ships were poorly designed ( turkey was the last important mediterranean state to use galleys on a large scale ) , often inadequately armed and until fairly late in the century very poorly manned .

One petal held a beautiful , almost translucent pear-shaped dewdrop and it was set in a crystal vase that looked as substantial as a spider 's web .
one petal held a beautiful , almost translucent pear-shaped dewdrop and it was set in a crystal vase that looked as [large] as a spider 's web .

Drawing the distinction between what is satisfactory and what is not raises three substantial educational issues .
drawing the distinction between what is satisfactory and what is not raises three [large] educational issues .

It represents the climax of more than six hundred years of experimentation in palace building by Indo-Islamic architects , and is by far the most substantial monument — and in its day was also by far the most magnificent — that the Mughals left behind them in Delhi .
it represents the climax of more than six hundred years of experimentation in palace building by indo-islamic architects , and is by far the most [large] monument — and in its day was also by far the most magnificent — that the mughals left behind them in delhi .

It was rumoured that as the monarch 's virility grew less reliable he developed a habit of taking substantial quantities of aphrodisiacs .
it was rumoured that as the monarch 's virility grew less reliable he developed a habit of taking [large] quantities of aphrodisiacs .

Is a promise to give a wedding present binding when the marriage takes place ? Does it matter that the present is so substantial that it is a powerful inducement to marry ?
is a promise to give a wedding present binding when the marriage takes place ? does it matter that the present is so [large] that it is a powerful inducement to marry ?

It was the ‘ very substantial practical avoidance of disbenefit ’ arising from the anticipated behaviour of the other customers which supplied the consideration .
it was the ‘ very [large] practical avoidance of disbenefit ’ arising from the anticipated behaviour of the other customers which supplied the consideration .

Next to the church is a large earthen ringwork , clearly a castle of some importance in the Norman period with substantial defences remaining today .
next to the church is a large earthen ringwork , clearly a castle of some importance in the norman period with [large] defences remaining today .

At both Elkstone and Winstone there are churches with substantial Saxo-Norman and Norman remains .
at both elkstone and winstone there are churches with [large] saxo-norman and norman remains .

At Wharram Percy they had been rebuilt of perishable materials — wood , wattle , turf — in almost every generation , only later having substantial foundations .
at wharram percy they had been rebuilt of perishable materials — wood , wattle , turf — in almost every generation , only later having [large] foundations .

Almost any substantial group of buildings with perhaps a shop , or village hall is today called a village and this leads to great confusion , both for researchers looking at earlier arrangements , and for the inhabitants for whom finer definitions are not needed .
almost any [large] group of buildings with perhaps a shop , or village hall is today called a village and this leads to great confusion , both for researchers looking at earlier arrangements , and for the inhabitants for whom finer definitions are not needed .

The third is partly ruined , with the cattle end used as a barn , while at the upper , living end a substantial fireplace , stack and bread oven remain .
the third is partly ruined , with the cattle end used as a barn , while at the upper , living end a [large] fireplace , stack and bread oven remain .

During the survey a medieval water mill site was also located , traced from the now dry but substantial mill leat , with the stonework of sluices and mill buildings surviving in undergrowth at the end of a track from the village .
during the survey a medieval water mill site was also located , traced from the now dry but [large] mill leat , with the stonework of sluices and mill buildings surviving in undergrowth at the end of a track from the village .

There wo n't be anything substantial from the labs for a few hours yet .
there wo n't be anything [large] from the labs for a few hours yet .

This meant that substantial building-up would be needed , to allow the water to escape .
this meant that [large] building-up would be needed , to allow the water to escape .

Plenty of evidence for the misbehaviour of , in this case , a very substantial minority ( have you ever , like me , driven at 30 in a 30mph zone and been constantly overtaken , even glared at for going too slowly ? )
plenty of evidence for the misbehaviour of , in this case , a very [large] minority ( have you ever , like me , driven at 30 in a 30mph zone and been constantly overtaken , even glared at for going too slowly ? )

Provisions to undertake these remits have been substantial but we estimate that without them our costs in 1992–93 would have been some £25 million higher .
provisions to undertake these remits have been [large] but we estimate that without them our costs in 1992–93 would have been some £25 million higher .

Substantial Shareholdings
[large] shareholdings

Hence some recent advocates of Charles the Bald 's partial `` rehabilitation `` have damned with faint praise : the art-historians ' artful exponent of royal style remains , for the historians of politics , a ruler without substantial authority .
hence some recent advocates of charles the bald 's partial `` rehabilitation `` have damned with faint praise : the art-historians ' artful exponent of royal style remains , for the historians of politics , a ruler without [large] authority .

When he presided in court , the count was accompanied by a panel of local boni homines , `` good men `` , that is , more substantial landholders with perhaps further qualifications of age and experience and personal prestige , in whose selection an element of peer-group choice was acknowledged .
when he presided in court , the count was accompanied by a panel of local boni homines , `` good men `` , that is , more [large] landholders with perhaps further qualifications of age and experience and personal prestige , in whose selection an element of peer-group choice was acknowledged .

In his own sons , Charlemagne 's fortunes were mixed : the eldest rebelled and was incarcerated ; the ambitions of the remaining three legitimate sons were contained when each received a substantial part of the empire to rule while Charlemagne remained in overall charge .
in his own sons , charlemagne 's fortunes were mixed : the eldest rebelled and was incarcerated ; the ambitions of the remaining three legitimate sons were contained when each received a [large] part of the empire to rule while charlemagne remained in overall charge .

This is a long distance from the rural areas of Wyre and there would be substantial costs in time and money for magistrates , witnesses and police making the journey to Fleetwood .
this is a long distance from the rural areas of wyre and there would be [large] costs in time and money for magistrates , witnesses and police making the journey to fleetwood .

But if the human component in teaching is important in securing a `` substantial ego-reward `` , it should be asked how heads can acknowledge that colleagues will endure low points in their morale ( and there are certain numbers of compensating highs ) and how , in taking account of this , they can work on assumptions about other people 's attitudes .
but if the human component in teaching is important in securing a `` [large] ego-reward `` , it should be asked how heads can acknowledge that colleagues will endure low points in their morale ( and there are certain numbers of compensating highs ) and how , in taking account of this , they can work on assumptions about other people 's attitudes .

The Agency has been fortunate to find replacements in Professor Robert Jack , Professor Stan Mason , Councillor Jean McFadden and Celia Urquhart , all of whom have already made substantial contributions .
the agency has been fortunate to find replacements in professor robert jack , professor stan mason , councillor jean mcfadden and celia urquhart , all of whom have already made [large] contributions .

In addition to the substantial delivery of Government programmes , the Agency has also been able to deploy earned surpluses on a range of innovative projects from training to business development financing .
in addition to the [large] delivery of government programmes , the agency has also been able to deploy earned surpluses on a range of innovative projects from training to business development financing .

The Cathedral Precinct project has made substantial progress , providing Scotland 's finest medieval building with a splendid new setting — which includes prize-winning housing and the new St. Mungo Museum of Religion .
the cathedral precinct project has made [large] progress , providing scotland 's finest medieval building with a splendid new setting — which includes prize-winning housing and the new st. mungo museum of religion .

This will allow them to make a substantial contribution to the local economy by utilising and developing their particular skills .
this will allow them to make a [large] contribution to the local economy by utilising and developing their particular skills .

The Republican militias were assisted in their efforts to defend Madrid by the discovery of a copy of the Nationalist plan of attack on the body of an Italian soldier ; a substantial delivery of Soviet arms , munitions and aircraft ; the arrival of the first contingent of International Brigade volunteers ; and the tenacity of the civilian population .
the republican militias were assisted in their efforts to defend madrid by the discovery of a copy of the nationalist plan of attack on the body of an italian soldier ; a [large] delivery of soviet arms , munitions and aircraft ; the arrival of the first contingent of international brigade volunteers ; and the tenacity of the civilian population .

Franco , together with some of his generals and ministers and the Falange , wanted to join in the war , but only in return for the prior supply of the items on a substantial shopping list .
franco , together with some of his generals and ministers and the falange , wanted to join in the war , but only in return for the prior supply of the items on a [large] shopping list .

The Centre should ideally be equipped with an integral viewdata system , a good counter area , internal and external telephone systems , brochure racks , filing cabinets , travel agency desks and a substantial display area .
the centre should ideally be equipped with an integral viewdata system , a good counter area , internal and external telephone systems , brochure racks , filing cabinets , travel agency desks and a [large] display area .

The existence of disability must be demonstrated and must also present a substantial handicap to the individual 's life .
the existence of disability must be demonstrated and must also present a [large] handicap to the individual 's life .

In deciding whether to give assistance the Commissioner may consider whether the case raises a question of principle , whether it is so complex that it would be unreasonable to expect an individual to proceed alone and whether the issue is a matter of substantial public interest .
in deciding whether to give assistance the commissioner may consider whether the case raises a question of principle , whether it is so complex that it would be unreasonable to expect an individual to proceed alone and whether the issue is a matter of [large] public interest .

The White Paper had indicated the government 's willingness to introduce a statutory compensation scheme if ‘ substantial evidence ’ could be adduced to show that employee inventors were being unfairly rewarded under voluntary arrangements with their employers .
the white paper had indicated the government 's willingness to introduce a statutory compensation scheme if ‘ [large] evidence ’ could be adduced to show that employee inventors were being unfairly rewarded under voluntary arrangements with their employers .

Secondly , the past and current benefit to the employer must not merely be substantial or even valuable ; it has to be outstanding if compensation is to be awarded .
secondly , the past and current benefit to the employer must not merely be [large] or even valuable ; it has to be outstanding if compensation is to be awarded .

First , the requirement to show ‘ outstanding benefit ’ should be amended to read ‘ substantial benefit ’ .
first , the requirement to show ‘ outstanding benefit ’ should be amended to read ‘ [large] benefit ’ .

Before the Court of Appeal submissions were made on the company 's behalf that the Crown Court had failed to take into account the lack of gravity of the offences and had over-emphasised both the company 's ability to pay a substantial fine and the possibility of an accident occurring .
before the court of appeal submissions were made on the company 's behalf that the crown court had failed to take into account the lack of gravity of the offences and had over-emphasised both the company 's ability to pay a [large] fine and the possibility of an accident occurring .

Although the taking of professional advice is a material circumstance , the substantial cause of the failure to comply with the statutory time limit is one of the matters for investigation .
although the taking of professional advice is a material circumstance , the [large] cause of the failure to comply with the statutory time limit is one of the matters for investigation .

It will no doubt investigate what was the substantial cause of the employee 's failure to comply with the statutory time limit ; whether he had been physically prevented from complying with the limitation period , for instance by illness or a postal strike , or something similar .
it will no doubt investigate what was the [large] cause of the employee 's failure to comply with the statutory time limit ; whether he had been physically prevented from complying with the limitation period , for instance by illness or a postal strike , or something similar .

In any event it will probably be relevant in most cases for the Industrial Tribunal to ask itself whether there has been any substantial fault on the part of the employee or his adviser which has led to the failure to comply with the statutory time limit
in any event it will probably be relevant in most cases for the industrial tribunal to ask itself whether there has been any [large] fault on the part of the employee or his adviser which has led to the failure to comply with the statutory time limit

There is usually no problem in establishing that the reason for the dismissal falls within the concept of ‘ some other substantial reason ’ ( namely , the need to rearrange terms and conditions ) .
there is usually no problem in establishing that the reason for the dismissal falls within the concept of ‘ some other [large] reason ’ ( namely , the need to rearrange terms and conditions ) .

The benefits of using computers in engineering applications is very substantial indeed in terms of reliability , cost and ease of use .
the benefits of using computers in engineering applications is very [large] indeed in terms of reliability , cost and ease of use .

By early 1940 there had been a substantial drift-back of evacuees to the cities : something like 80 % had returned .
by early 1940 there had been a [large] drift-back of evacuees to the cities : something like 80 % had returned .

Analysing the substantial drift of evacuees back to the danger areas , the Air Raid Precautions Co-ordinating Committee concluded that ‘ a detailed examination of available materials shows the basic cause to be the failure of the scheme to take account of either the viewpoint or the welfare of those concerned , be they evacuee or host ’ .
analysing the [large] drift of evacuees back to the danger areas , the air raid precautions co-ordinating committee concluded that ‘ a detailed examination of available materials shows the basic cause to be the failure of the scheme to take account of either the viewpoint or the welfare of those concerned , be they evacuee or host ’ .

This analysis was held , in a much more robust form , by quite a substantial section of middle-class opinion — particularly within the voluntary social work profession .
this analysis was held , in a much more robust form , by quite a [large] section of middle-class opinion — particularly within the voluntary social work profession .

If by the outbreak of the Second World War there existed a substantial body of opinion which looked forward to a fresh approach to economic and social problems , this increasingly influential consensus found its moment with the coming of the war and , in particular , in the atmosphere of national emergency after the evacuation of Dunkirk and the fall of France in 1940 .
if by the outbreak of the second world war there existed a [large] body of opinion which looked forward to a fresh approach to economic and social problems , this increasingly influential consensus found its moment with the coming of the war and , in particular , in the atmosphere of national emergency after the evacuation of dunkirk and the fall of france in 1940 .

For example , ten new schools were opened by various local authorities in 1938–39 as barriers against substantial expenditure were lifted .
for example , ten new schools were opened by various local authorities in 1938–39 as barriers against [large] expenditure were lifted .

The main opposition came from Roman Catholics , who organised substantial vocal heckling groups at public meetings , and several MPs who battled over the issue inside Parliament .
the main opposition came from roman catholics , who organised [large] vocal heckling groups at public meetings , and several mps who battled over the issue inside parliament .

The post-war generation of education officers were mainly university-educated , often had substantial educational research experience ( often self-motivated and directed ) and frequently had qualifications in educational psychology or law .
the post-war generation of education officers were mainly university-educated , often had [large] educational research experience ( often self-motivated and directed ) and frequently had qualifications in educational psychology or law .

The aims and context of social policy , both in peace and war , are … determined — at least to a substantial extent — by how far the co-operation of the masses is essential to the successful prosecution of the war .
the aims and context of social policy , both in peace and war , are … determined — at least to a [large] extent — by how far the co-operation of the masses is essential to the successful prosecution of the war .

In the more general field of eyewitness testimony there is a very substantial literature about the effects of such arousal on subsequent memory , this area will be reviewed in Chapter 2 .
in the more general field of eyewitness testimony there is a very [large] literature about the effects of such arousal on subsequent memory , this area will be reviewed in chapter 2 .

However , there are more substantial differences in the number of motor vehicles visible .
however , there are more [large] differences in the number of motor vehicles visible .

Although the hit rate does not differ significantly between junctions there do seem to be substantial differences between individual films .
although the hit rate does not differ significantly between junctions there do seem to be [large] differences between individual films .

In fact this does not appear to be the case , substantial recognition differences were observed between exemplars of individual junctions .
in fact this does not appear to be the case , [large] recognition differences were observed between exemplars of individual junctions .

The overall level of driving-unrelated report remained approximately constant between these three road types ( although there were substantial differences in the actual categories used ) .
the overall level of driving-unrelated report remained approximately constant between these three road types ( although there were [large] differences in the actual categories used ) .

There is , however , a substantial memory component to such a task , particularly for longer films .
there is , however , a [large] memory component to such a task , particularly for longer films .

To reduce them , we are improving our capital efficiency ( the return on every dollar invested ) , increasing our recovery from existing fields and focusing our exploration expenditure more sharply on areas likely to yield substantial volumes of hydrocarbons at low cost .
to reduce them , we are improving our capital efficiency ( the return on every dollar invested ) , increasing our recovery from existing fields and focusing our exploration expenditure more sharply on areas likely to yield [large] volumes of hydrocarbons at low cost .

This compared with an historical cost profit of £415 million in 1991 , when much heavier stock holding losses of £629 million were recorded because of a substantial fall in oil prices with the end of the Gulf war .
this compared with an historical cost profit of £415 million in 1991 , when much heavier stock holding losses of £629 million were recorded because of a [large] fall in oil prices with the end of the gulf war .

In addition to the increase in debt it was necessary to refinance substantial maturing debt in 1992 .
in addition to the increase in debt it was necessary to refinance [large] maturing debt in 1992 .

Substantial Completion was agreed on 16 November .
[large] completion was agreed on 16 november .

Time elapsed is 65 weeks ( Substantial Completion at 63 weeks ) .
time elapsed is 65 weeks ( [large] completion at 63 weeks ) .

Morrison East with sales of $ 41 million , closed 312 homes an sold 427 reflecting a substantial improvement in its sales rates and the popularity of its products .
morrison east with sales of $ 41 million , closed 312 homes an sold 427 reflecting a [large] improvement in its sales rates and the popularity of its products .

Despite substantial reductions in mortgage interest rates confidence did not return to the marketplace .
despite [large] reductions in mortgage interest rates confidence did not return to the marketplace .

The Government remains committed to using Housing Associations as the principal provider of rented accommodation and our long established links with both Local Authorities and Housing Associations should enable us to continue to enjoy a substantial share of this market .
the government remains committed to using housing associations as the principal provider of rented accommodation and our long established links with both local authorities and housing associations should enable us to continue to enjoy a [large] share of this market .

This has already resulted in substantial savings in our construction costs , selling expenses and overheads .
this has already resulted in [large] savings in our construction costs , selling expenses and overheads .

The market now seems to be improving and we are anticipating a substantial increase in our volumes during 1993 .
the market now seems to be improving and we are anticipating a [large] increase in our volumes during 1993 .

We have again looked hard at our working practices and cost base and have made substantial changes .
we have again looked hard at our working practices and cost base and have made [large] changes .

1992 saw a substantial increase in both tendering activity and value of work obtained , provided outstanding low bids become firm contracts .
1992 saw a [large] increase in both tendering activity and value of work obtained , provided outstanding low bids become firm contracts .

2.5 We have , therefore , one very substantial consequence in terms of grammatical acceptability , namely exclusion of associatives from predicative position .
2.5 we have , therefore , one very [large] consequence in terms of grammatical acceptability , namely exclusion of associatives from predicative position .

He also brought to an end , but not without difficulty , the suit which had begun between the archbishop and the chapter of Canterbury over the church of Lambeth , which the same archbishop , against the will of the chapter , had built and endowed with many and substantial rents , instituting canons regular in it — noble men , powerful and educated .
he also brought to an end , but not without difficulty , the suit which had begun between the archbishop and the chapter of canterbury over the church of lambeth , which the same archbishop , against the will of the chapter , had built and endowed with many and [large] rents , instituting canons regular in it — noble men , powerful and educated .

Road transport network throughout Europe with substantial warehousing , wet and dry bonded storage , and wine shipping .
road transport network throughout europe with [large] warehousing , wet and dry bonded storage , and wine shipping .

Authors may present additional copies of theses to external co-sponsoring bodies , or to bodies which have rendered substantial assistance with some aspect of the research .
authors may present additional copies of theses to external co-sponsoring bodies , or to bodies which have rendered [large] assistance with some aspect of the research .

Geophysical studies tend also to lead to regional syntheses over substantial areas , and their topicality is another facet of their total influence .
geophysical studies tend also to lead to regional syntheses over [large] areas , and their topicality is another facet of their total influence .

Grangemouth was also developing rapidly although it was the early part of the present century before substantial tonnages were handled .
grangemouth was also developing rapidly although it was the early part of the present century before [large] tonnages were handled .

The complex project , which employed 7,500 people at the height of construction , will continue to provide substantial numbers of jobs to contractors , in support of commissioning , for the rest of 1992 .
the complex project , which employed 7,500 people at the height of construction , will continue to provide [large] numbers of jobs to contractors , in support of commissioning , for the rest of 1992 .

Nevertheless , a start needed to be made somewhere to build a cumulative and objective body of knowledge of the relationships between the properties of social phenomena as a prelude to the formulation of substantial theoretical laws .
nevertheless , a start needed to be made somewhere to build a cumulative and objective body of knowledge of the relationships between the properties of social phenomena as a prelude to the formulation of [large] theoretical laws .

From that moment on they were trading on nothing more substantial than every banker 's memory of their ‘ soundness .
from that moment on they were trading on nothing more [large] than every banker 's memory of their ‘ soundness .

The firm 's next substantial income would not be until February — a month away .
the firm 's next [large] income would not be until february — a month away .

In mid-July the Croatian authorities announced that they did not have the resources to cope with any more refugees unless substantial help from abroad was forthcoming .
in mid-july the croatian authorities announced that they did not have the resources to cope with any more refugees unless [large] help from abroad was forthcoming .

The New York-based human rights organization Asia Watch issued a report on May 4 which accused both the Indian government and militant groups of committing substantial human rights abuses in Jammu and Kashmir .
the new york-based human rights organization asia watch issued a report on may 4 which accused both the indian government and militant groups of committing [large] human rights abuses in jammu and kashmir .

The committee concluded its investigation in February 1991 , finding substantial evidence of improper conduct against only one of the five , Democrat Alan Cranston [ see pp .
the committee concluded its investigation in february 1991 , finding [large] evidence of improper conduct against only one of the five , democrat alan cranston [ see pp .

Renamo , which had been set up with the support of the white minority government in Rhodesia and which after Zimbabwean independence received substantial South African assistance , was opposed to the Marxist regime imposed by the Front for the Liberation of Mozambique ( Frelimo ) .
renamo , which had been set up with the support of the white minority government in rhodesia and which after zimbabwean independence received [large] south african assistance , was opposed to the marxist regime imposed by the front for the liberation of mozambique ( frelimo ) .

While not meeting the demands made by all of Quebec 's separatists , the deal represented a substantial increase in provincial autonomy .
while not meeting the demands made by all of quebec 's separatists , the deal represented a [large] increase in provincial autonomy .

Under circumstances of medical emergency , defined as a situation which involved immediate risk of death or `` substantial and irreversible impairment of major bodily function `` , the restrictions could be overridden .
under circumstances of medical emergency , defined as a situation which involved immediate risk of death or `` [large] and irreversible impairment of major bodily function `` , the restrictions could be overridden .

The report showed that although a total of 62 ballistic missiles , 18 launch pads , 33 missile warheads , 127 missile storage-racks and substantial amounts of rocket fuel had so far been destroyed , " questions remain[ed] " about Iraq 's capability to manufacture short- and long-range Scud missiles .
the report showed that although a total of 62 ballistic missiles , 18 launch pads , 33 missile warheads , 127 missile storage-racks and [large] amounts of rocket fuel had so far been destroyed , " questions remain[ed] " about iraq 's capability to manufacture short- and long-range scud missiles .

Western concern over the control structure governing the nuclear arsenal of the former Soviet Union had been compounded by reports in January that some Third-World countries , including Iran , Iraq , and Libya , had offered ex-Soviet scientists substantial financial rewards to persuade them to develop their nuclear programmes .
western concern over the control structure governing the nuclear arsenal of the former soviet union had been compounded by reports in january that some third-world countries , including iran , iraq , and libya , had offered ex-soviet scientists [large] financial rewards to persuade them to develop their nuclear programmes .

However , of these only five had received substantial foreign investment .
however , of these only five had received [large] foreign investment .

On Aug. 15 the Bundesbank had raised the discount rate from 6.5 per cent to 7.5 per cent , and its Lombard rate from 9.0 per cent to 9.25 per cent , in an effort to end the already substantial downward pressure on the Deutschmark .
on aug. 15 the bundesbank had raised the discount rate from 6.5 per cent to 7.5 per cent , and its lombard rate from 9.0 per cent to 9.25 per cent , in an effort to end the already [large] downward pressure on the deutschmark .

Brady met on Jan. 21 with the German Finance Minister Theo Waigel ( who declined afterwards to state a figure for the German contribution ) and with the Japanese Finance Minister Ryutaro Hashimoto ( who had already stated on Jan. 18 that Japan would contribute a `` substantial sum `` to be decided `` as soon as possible `` ) .
brady met on jan. 21 with the german finance minister theo waigel ( who declined afterwards to state a figure for the german contribution ) and with the japanese finance minister ryutaro hashimoto ( who had already stated on jan. 18 that japan would contribute a `` [large] sum `` to be decided `` as soon as possible `` ) .

Its judgment as published on March 3 stated that the matter hinged on the `` real and substantial risk to the life of the mother `` ; this was widely taken as referring to the possibility of suicide .
its judgment as published on march 3 stated that the matter hinged on the `` real and [large] risk to the life of the mother `` ; this was widely taken as referring to the possibility of suicide .

The first substantial alliance of opposition forces since the introduction of democracy in 1987 , the merger restored the former two-party structure after several years of regional political groupings .
the first [large] alliance of opposition forces since the introduction of democracy in 1987 , the merger restored the former two-party structure after several years of regional political groupings .

Opinion polls in 1991 indicated a substantial decline in support for parties of the governing coalition ( especially among eastern German respondents ) , a reduction in support for Kohl as Chancellor , and a growing feeling of anxiety and resentment among eastern Germans , a large majority of whom said that they were made to feel that they were " second-class citizens " in unified Germany .
opinion polls in 1991 indicated a [large] decline in support for parties of the governing coalition ( especially among eastern german respondents ) , a reduction in support for kohl as chancellor , and a growing feeling of anxiety and resentment among eastern germans , a large majority of whom said that they were made to feel that they were " second-class citizens " in unified germany .

The 1991 draft budget presented to parliament on Sept. 18 , 1990 , showed a reduced overall deficit but included substantial funds to underpin the incomes policy which linked public-sector wages to private-sector pay , as well as extra resources for public transport and environmental protection .
the 1991 draft budget presented to parliament on sept. 18 , 1990 , showed a reduced overall deficit but included [large] funds to underpin the incomes policy which linked public-sector wages to private-sector pay , as well as extra resources for public transport and environmental protection .

Foreign relations were dominated by ( i ) efforts to mediate a peaceful resolution of the Gulf conflict [ see pp. 37641 ; 37758 ; 37943 ; 37983 ] ; ( ii ) relations with the United States [ see pp. 37518-19 ; 38320-21 ] ; and ( iii ) a campaign for substantial Western economic aid to facilitate the reform and recovery of the Soviet economy [ see pp. 38272 ; 38321 ] .
foreign relations were dominated by ( i ) efforts to mediate a peaceful resolution of the gulf conflict [ see pp. 37641 ; 37758 ; 37943 ; 37983 ] ; ( ii ) relations with the united states [ see pp. 37518-19 ; 38320-21 ] ; and ( iii ) a campaign for [large] western economic aid to facilitate the reform and recovery of the soviet economy [ see pp. 38272 ; 38321 ] .

With a 60 per cent increase in consumer prices reported , there were therefore substantial increases in real wages for many workers .
with a 60 per cent increase in consumer prices reported , there were therefore [large] increases in real wages for many workers .

On Jan. 17 , 1991 , Heseltine announced the local government finance arrangements for 1991/92 , which provided for over £4,250 million more in extra support to local government than had already been granted in July 1990 for 1990-91 [ see p. 37623 ] In the budget , presented on March 19 by the Chancellor of the Exchequer Norman Lamont , a " substantial switch was proposed from local to central taxation , amounting to £4,250 million in 1991/92 , and the reducing net yield of local taxation to around £7,000 million [ see p. 38110 ] .
on jan. 17 , 1991 , heseltine announced the local government finance arrangements for 1991/92 , which provided for over £4,250 million more in extra support to local government than had already been granted in july 1990 for 1990-91 [ see p. 37623 ] in the budget , presented on march 19 by the chancellor of the exchequer norman lamont , a " [large] switch was proposed from local to central taxation , amounting to £4,250 million in 1991/92 , and the reducing net yield of local taxation to around £7,000 million [ see p. 38110 ] .

Although Hawke prevailed with a substantial majority , most political commentators believed that it was a pyrrhic victory which had left him considerably weakened and vulnerable to a future challenge .
although hawke prevailed with a [large] majority , most political commentators believed that it was a pyrrhic victory which had left him considerably weakened and vulnerable to a future challenge .

On June 26 the National Assembly approved by a substantial majority a modified bill to compensate former owners of land and property expropriated by the communist regime .
on june 26 the national assembly approved by a [large] majority a modified bill to compensate former owners of land and property expropriated by the communist regime .

34767-68 ] , based on an elected parliament with more substantial powers than those accorded to the reconstituted Council elected in June [ see p.37549 ] .
34767-68 ] , based on an elected parliament with more [large] powers than those accorded to the reconstituted council elected in june [ see p.37549 ] .

Substantial cuts in producer prices for cocoa , the country 's main export crop , were announced on Sept. 28 , 1989 .
[large] cuts in producer prices for cocoa , the country 's main export crop , were announced on sept. 28 , 1989 .

At their joint press conference on July 31 the two leaders agreed that substantial progress had been made in developing closer US-Soviet relations .
at their joint press conference on july 31 the two leaders agreed that [large] progress had been made in developing closer us-soviet relations .

The United Kingdom Northern Ireland Secretary , Peter Brooke , announced on July 3 that inter-party talks on the future of the province should be brought to an end without agreement having been reached on any substantial issue .
the united kingdom northern ireland secretary , peter brooke , announced on july 3 that inter-party talks on the future of the province should be brought to an end without agreement having been reached on any [large] issue .

Attempts to piece together the Declaration [ see also p. 38313 ] had reportedly been fraught with disagreements between the Gulf states , on the one hand , and Egypt and Syria , which were allegedly keen to assume a greater regional role entailing substantial remuneration .
attempts to piece together the declaration [ see also p. 38313 ] had reportedly been fraught with disagreements between the gulf states , on the one hand , and egypt and syria , which were allegedly keen to assume a greater regional role entailing [large] remuneration .

The 1991 edition of the World Bank 's World Development Report , released on July 8 , called for fresh initiatives to encourage a market-oriented approach to economic development and a substantial reduction in defence spending in the developing world .
the 1991 edition of the world bank 's world development report , released on july 8 , called for fresh initiatives to encourage a market-oriented approach to economic development and a [large] reduction in defence spending in the developing world .

During a parliamentary session on March 7-9 Walesa suffered his first major legislative setback when he was defeated by substantial majorities in several votes .
during a parliamentary session on march 7-9 walesa suffered his first major legislative setback when he was defeated by [large] majorities in several votes .

Lamont now proposed a `` substantial switch `` from local to central taxation , amounting to about £4,250 million in 1991-92 and reducing the net yield of local taxation to around £7,000 million .
lamont now proposed a `` [large] switch `` from local to central taxation , amounting to about £4,250 million in 1991-92 and reducing the net yield of local taxation to around £7,000 million .

The four companies revealed substantial losses in the half year to September , as the public reaction to the corruption allegations grew , and as the mood in the Tokyo exchange remained subdued by the property price collapse afflicting the country .
the four companies revealed [large] losses in the half year to september , as the public reaction to the corruption allegations grew , and as the mood in the tokyo exchange remained subdued by the property price collapse afflicting the country .

On Oct. 14 Norway 's second largest bank , Christiana Bank og Kreditkasse ( already receiving substantial state assistance — see p. 38486 ) , announced that it was technically bankrupt , with losses of NKr7,200 million in the first three quarters of 1991 .
on oct. 14 norway 's second largest bank , christiana bank og kreditkasse ( already receiving [large] state assistance — see p. 38486 ) , announced that it was technically bankrupt , with losses of nkr7,200 million in the first three quarters of 1991 .

Many funds were promising substantial returns , in some cases up 10 times the invested value within a year , and for this reason the number of citizens choosing to place their investments with them exceeding predictions .
many funds were promising [large] returns , in some cases up 10 times the invested value within a year , and for this reason the number of citizens choosing to place their investments with them exceeding predictions .

Algeria , Iran , Iraq and Venezuela were especially anxious to secure a substantial cut in general production levels .
algeria , iran , iraq and venezuela were especially anxious to secure a [large] cut in general production levels .

Substantial doubts had been raised by the difficultly of Coleman 's having committed the crime in the short space of time for which he had no alibi on the night of the murder , and by numerous statements gathered after the trial attesting that another resident of the small town of Grundy had boasted of having committed the crime .
[large] doubts had been raised by the difficultly of coleman 's having committed the crime in the short space of time for which he had no alibi on the night of the murder , and by numerous statements gathered after the trial attesting that another resident of the small town of grundy had boasted of having committed the crime .

An estimated 1,600 rural workers and union leaders were reported to have been murdered in the Amazonian region over the last decade but this was the first time that any substantial landowner had been brought to trial .
an estimated 1,600 rural workers and union leaders were reported to have been murdered in the amazonian region over the last decade but this was the first time that any [large] landowner had been brought to trial .

" The European Council reiterates its firm commitment to a substantial , balanced and global package of results of the Uruguay Round by the end of the year …
" the european council reiterates its firm commitment to a [large] , balanced and global package of results of the uruguay round by the end of the year …

According to the Financial Times of Nov. 22 , the constitution owed much to the French system , allowing substantial presidential powers .
according to the financial times of nov. 22 , the constitution owed much to the french system , allowing [large] presidential powers .

Roh also visited Japan in May 1990 to mark the resolution of several outstanding issues between the two countries , including improvements in the position of the substantial number of Koreans resident in Japan , and the acknowledgment of Japanese remorse for the occupation of Korea between 1910 and 1945 [ see p. 37457 ] .
roh also visited japan in may 1990 to mark the resolution of several outstanding issues between the two countries , including improvements in the position of the [large] number of koreans resident in japan , and the acknowledgment of japanese remorse for the occupation of korea between 1910 and 1945 [ see p. 37457 ] .

Parliamentary reform proposals on increasing remuneration and other personal allowances for parliamentarians were rejected by substantial majorities , while a proposal for increasing parliamentary participation in foreign policy was accepted by 58.1 per cent to 41.9 per cent .
parliamentary reform proposals on increasing remuneration and other personal allowances for parliamentarians were rejected by [large] majorities , while a proposal for increasing parliamentary participation in foreign policy was accepted by 58.1 per cent to 41.9 per cent .

Although Yeltsin dismissed the idea of substantial personnel changes , he said that he held common views with the industrial managers in Civic Union on economic policy .
although yeltsin dismissed the idea of [large] personnel changes , he said that he held common views with the industrial managers in civic union on economic policy .

The question of royal finances had been particularly in the public eye following the confirmation by Peter Brooke , the National Heritage Secretary , on Nov. 23 that the government would meet the costs of restoration of substantial portions of Windsor Castle which had been partly destroyed by fire on Nov. 20 .
the question of royal finances had been particularly in the public eye following the confirmation by peter brooke , the national heritage secretary , on nov. 23 that the government would meet the costs of restoration of [large] portions of windsor castle which had been partly destroyed by fire on nov. 20 .

It therefore promises to impose sustained and substantial hardship on millions of Australians , `` declared John Hewson , the Liberal Party leader .
it therefore promises to impose sustained and [large] hardship on millions of australians , `` declared john hewson , the liberal party leader .

The decline in stock market prices between early January and April 1990 were substantial , particularly in Japan , where the Tokyo stock exchange recorded historical falls .
the decline in stock market prices between early january and april 1990 were [large] , particularly in japan , where the tokyo stock exchange recorded historical falls .

No other countries required ratification by referendum , and parliamentary processes were completed , with substantial majorities in favour , as follows :
no other countries required ratification by referendum , and parliamentary processes were completed , with [large] majorities in favour , as follows :

Outside the parliament building around 2,000 Finns staged protests ; farmers were particularly concerned that they would lose substantial subsidies .
outside the parliament building around 2,000 finns staged protests ; farmers were particularly concerned that they would lose [large] subsidies .

The announcement , however , did not reflect a substantial change in the attitude of President Banda who remained steadfastly opposed to multiparty politics .
the announcement , however , did not reflect a [large] change in the attitude of president banda who remained steadfastly opposed to multiparty politics .

The reshaped republic , it was proposed , would be based on seven to 10 provincial governments with substantial power and autonomy to control education , police , health and law enforcement .
the reshaped republic , it was proposed , would be based on seven to 10 provincial governments with [large] power and autonomy to control education , police , health and law enforcement .

The parties of the centre-right coalition suffered substantial losses in nationwide local elections on Oct. 18 in what was widely seen as the voters ' initial verdict on the austerity measures .
the parties of the centre-right coalition suffered [large] losses in nationwide local elections on oct. 18 in what was widely seen as the voters ' initial verdict on the austerity measures .

The Iraqi decision not to attempt to contest allied air supremacy meant that a substantial portion of Iraq 's air force survived the war .
the iraqi decision not to attempt to contest allied air supremacy meant that a [large] portion of iraq 's air force survived the war .

Only in the case of Cranston did the committee find `` substantial credible evidence that provides credible cause `` to conclude that he might have engaged in improper conduct .
only in the case of cranston did the committee find `` [large] credible evidence that provides credible cause `` to conclude that he might have engaged in improper conduct .

Efforts were being made to develop the country 's substantial water resources , both for export and to provide electricity , through the Highlands Water Project [ see p. 31304 ; 34789 ; 35815 ] .
efforts were being made to develop the country 's [large] water resources , both for export and to provide electricity , through the highlands water project [ see p. 31304 ; 34789 ; 35815 ] .

The central features of the `` Moda ' i plan `` included a lowering of real wages , a substantial reduction in the government 's role in the capital and foreign exchange markets , the exposure of the economy to foreign imports and a reduction of the linkage between wages and prices .
the central features of the `` moda ' i plan `` included a lowering of real wages , a [large] reduction in the government 's role in the capital and foreign exchange markets , the exposure of the economy to foreign imports and a reduction of the linkage between wages and prices .

In 1989 Syria had recorded its first trade surplus in 30 years , largely reflecting substantial increases in crude oil production since the mid-1980s .
in 1989 syria had recorded its first trade surplus in 30 years , largely reflecting [large] increases in crude oil production since the mid-1980s .

The radical attack from within medicine has proved to be more substantial and enduring .
the radical attack from within medicine has proved to be more [large] and enduring .

This was matched by substantial pay rises , particularly for more senior grades , and bursaries for Project 2000 student learners .
this was matched by [large] pay rises , particularly for more senior grades , and bursaries for project 2000 student learners .

If these economies are also those with existing substantial disparities in regional prosperity then the transition to monetary union might well serve to aggravate the relative position of the latter , in that any reduction in national income arising from the processes outlined above is itself likely to have a disproportionately large effect on the disadvantaged regions of those countries .
if these economies are also those with existing [large] disparities in regional prosperity then the transition to monetary union might well serve to aggravate the relative position of the latter , in that any reduction in national income arising from the processes outlined above is itself likely to have a disproportionately large effect on the disadvantaged regions of those countries .

An in-depth study of our early land law reveal(s) the existence of a substantial body of Islamic legal principles , a historical fact which contemporary scholars find themselves in difficulty to accept , having been so engrossed with the civil law system introduced in these shores after the arrival of the English administrators towards the close of the eighteenth century . This important point needs to be reemphasised if we are to consider seriously the possibility of re-introducing Islamic precepts into the law of property in Malaysia …
an in-depth study of our early land law reveal(s) the existence of a [large] body of islamic legal principles , a historical fact which contemporary scholars find themselves in difficulty to accept , having been so engrossed with the civil law system introduced in these shores after the arrival of the english administrators towards the close of the eighteenth century . this important point needs to be reemphasised if we are to consider seriously the possibility of re-introducing islamic precepts into the law of property in malaysia …

It is a point of some general importance arising under a new statute which has made very substantial changes in the law relating to contracts for the sale of land .
it is a point of some general importance arising under a new statute which has made very [large] changes in the law relating to contracts for the sale of land .

In this century , a substantial body of functionally differentiated statute law has grown up around the landlord–tenant relationship , such that today the nineteenth-century rules have limited — though still very important — practical application .
in this century , a [large] body of functionally differentiated statute law has grown up around the landlord–tenant relationship , such that today the nineteenth-century rules have limited — though still very important — practical application .

Secondly , if direct physical interference is a necessary element in the breach of covenant that element can be found in this case to a substantial extent …
secondly , if direct physical interference is a necessary element in the breach of covenant that element can be found in this case to a [large] extent …

( 3 ) For the purposes of the valuation referred to in subsection ( 1 ) above , it shall be assumed — ( a ) that the landlord in default is selling his interest on the open market to a willing buyer ; ( b ) that neither the residential occupier nor any member of his family wishes to buy ; and ( c ) that it is unlawful to carry out any substantial development of any of the land in which the landlord 's interest subsists or to demolish the whole or part of any building on that land .
( 3 ) for the purposes of the valuation referred to in subsection ( 1 ) above , it shall be assumed — ( a ) that the landlord in default is selling his interest on the open market to a willing buyer ; ( b ) that neither the residential occupier nor any member of his family wishes to buy ; and ( c ) that it is unlawful to carry out any [large] development of any of the land in which the landlord 's interest subsists or to demolish the whole or part of any building on that land .

The question was whether any part of his anatomy had made an effective and substantial entry ( into the building ) at the moment she beckoned him in .
the question was whether any part of his anatomy had made an effective and [large] entry ( into the building ) at the moment she beckoned him in .

For example , a surgeon may justifiably run the risk of killing the patient if the operation is necessary to save life , whereas employers may not take a substantial risk with the lives of their workers in order to increase profits .
for example , a surgeon may justifiably run the risk of killing the patient if the operation is necessary to save life , whereas employers may not take a [large] risk with the lives of their workers in order to increase profits .

In all cases , however , Standard English has been present for long enough to have had a substantial impact on the language practices of the communities in question .
in all cases , however , standard english has been present for long enough to have had a [large] impact on the language practices of the communities in question .

That is one reason : another is that substantial ethnographic research on speakers of French Creole in Britain has up until now been virtually non-existent , so that there is little to report .
that is one reason : another is that [large] ethnographic research on speakers of french creole in britain has up until now been virtually non-existent , so that there is little to report .

Caribbeans were settled in many parts of Britain ; in London , they were a substantial proportion of the population in several boroughs .
caribbeans were settled in many parts of britain ; in london , they were a [large] proportion of the population in several boroughs .

Probably Brixton is the most famous of the London `` Caribbean `` areas , but there are several others with a substantial Afro-Caribbean population , such as Lewisham , Deptford , New Cross , Leyton and Harlesden .
probably brixton is the most famous of the london `` caribbean `` areas , but there are several others with a [large] afro-caribbean population , such as lewisham , deptford , new cross , leyton and harlesden .

Hence , these documents offer little on the important and possibly substantial grants of lands to Scandinavians immediately after Cnut 's accession , probably because the majority were never recorded in this form , and little more on his lay patronage at other times .
hence , these documents offer little on the important and possibly [large] grants of lands to scandinavians immediately after cnut 's accession , probably because the majority were never recorded in this form , and little more on his lay patronage at other times .

These churches had gained many of their possessions from wealthy laymen as a result of the noble piety which characterised the monastic reform movement of the tenth century , when substantial numbers of new monasteries were created and old ones re-established .
these churches had gained many of their possessions from wealthy laymen as a result of the noble piety which characterised the monastic reform movement of the tenth century , when [large] numbers of new monasteries were created and old ones re-established .

It would also overlook the substantial differences of perception and priority between de Gaulle and Moulin , on the one hand , and the resistance leaders , on the other .
it would also overlook the [large] differences of perception and priority between de gaulle and moulin , on the one hand , and the resistance leaders , on the other .

On the other side of the ledger , de Gaulle also ignored some substantial failures and disappointments , above all in economic and foreign policy .
on the other side of the ledger , de gaulle also ignored some [large] failures and disappointments , above all in economic and foreign policy .

For example , de Gaulle 's December 1944 meeting with Stalin , which led to the signing of a Franco-Soviet pact , did not bring any substantial diplomatic advantage to France ( although it did have favourable domestic repercussions ) .
for example , de gaulle 's december 1944 meeting with stalin , which led to the signing of a franco-soviet pact , did not bring any [large] diplomatic advantage to france ( although it did have favourable domestic repercussions ) .

The Rueff plan , which was presented to de Gaulle in mid-November , had three main planks : a substantial devaluation of the franc ( accompanied by the creation of a new franc equivalent to 100 old francs ) ; action to control the budget deficit , both through increased taxes and cuts in governmental expenditure ; and a decision to remove many restrictions on foreign trade and to reduce tariffs on trade with the other five Common Market countries ( in line with a commitment that had been made by the Fourth Republic the year before ) .
the rueff plan , which was presented to de gaulle in mid-november , had three main planks : a [large] devaluation of the franc ( accompanied by the creation of a new franc equivalent to 100 old francs ) ; action to control the budget deficit , both through increased taxes and cuts in governmental expenditure ; and a decision to remove many restrictions on foreign trade and to reduce tariffs on trade with the other five common market countries ( in line with a commitment that had been made by the fourth republic the year before ) .

De Gaulle 's faith in the value of the plan was amply justified by what followed : not only a substantial improvement in such indices as gold and currency reserves , balance of trade , and inflation , but a transformation in perceptions of the economy , inside France but especially abroad .
de gaulle 's faith in the value of the plan was amply justified by what followed : not only a [large] improvement in such indices as gold and currency reserves , balance of trade , and inflation , but a transformation in perceptions of the economy , inside france but especially abroad .

One of the most admired features of the educational systems in France , Germany , and Denmark is the way they integrate a substantial proportion of what we would call ‘ general education ’ into their vocational programmes .
one of the most admired features of the educational systems in france , germany , and denmark is the way they integrate a [large] proportion of what we would call ‘ general education ’ into their vocational programmes .

If an agreement successfully passes one or more of these gateways the defendants still have to demonstrate that it passes a more general gateway or `` tailpiece `` by conferring substantial benefits to the public interest , with the demonstrated benefits outweighing any detriments .
if an agreement successfully passes one or more of these gateways the defendants still have to demonstrate that it passes a more general gateway or `` tailpiece `` by conferring [large] benefits to the public interest , with the demonstrated benefits outweighing any detriments .

( a ) that the name of that business has no substantial element in common with the name of any practice of the solicitor ;
( a ) that the name of that business has no [large] element in common with the name of any practice of the solicitor ;

Where a registered foreign lawyer who would , apart from this rule , be required to pay an annual contribution or special levy , claims , and the Council agrees , that he or she is so covered in respect of dishonesty or failure to account , whether by a compensation fund other than the Solicitors ' Compensation Fund , or by an indemnity fund other than the Solicitors ' Indemnity Fund , or by compulsory insurance , that there is a substantial reduction in the risk to the Solicitors ' Compensation Fund in respect of his or her practice in comparison with the risk presented by a solicitor practising in a like manner , the Council may reduce that annual contribution or special levy to such amount as the Council thinks fit or to zero .
where a registered foreign lawyer who would , apart from this rule , be required to pay an annual contribution or special levy , claims , and the council agrees , that he or she is so covered in respect of dishonesty or failure to account , whether by a compensation fund other than the solicitors ' compensation fund , or by an indemnity fund other than the solicitors ' indemnity fund , or by compulsory insurance , that there is a [large] reduction in the risk to the solicitors ' compensation fund in respect of his or her practice in comparison with the risk presented by a solicitor practising in a like manner , the council may reduce that annual contribution or special levy to such amount as the council thinks fit or to zero .

There would probably be no need to transfer substantial assets of the business into the new company and the appropriate step might be to allocate part of the solicitors ' clientele to the company partner to establish it as having a regular practice .
there would probably be no need to transfer [large] assets of the business into the new company and the appropriate step might be to allocate part of the solicitors ' clientele to the company partner to establish it as having a regular practice .

This transferred overall authority from the parish vestry to a board of directors drawn from substantial land-holders .
this transferred overall authority from the parish vestry to a board of directors drawn from [large] land-holders .

If there are substantial doubts as to whether the provision of charity schools was ever sufficiently widespread , directed or differentiated from earlier , or later , efforts to have constituted a special movement , there is none that school provision for the poor in the middle and later years of the century remained uneven and spasmodic .
if there are [large] doubts as to whether the provision of charity schools was ever sufficiently widespread , directed or differentiated from earlier , or later , efforts to have constituted a special movement , there is none that school provision for the poor in the middle and later years of the century remained uneven and spasmodic .

The saddlers were largely justified in 1777 in stating that their 12 to 15s ( 60 to 75p ) a week was somewhat below the going rate for a skilled trade with a substantial entry premium .
the saddlers were largely justified in 1777 in stating that their 12 to 15s ( 60 to 75p ) a week was somewhat below the going rate for a skilled trade with a [large] entry premium .

There was strong anti-Catholic feeling but it was mostly against substantial rather than poor Catholics .
there was strong anti-catholic feeling but it was mostly against [large] rather than poor catholics .

Firstly , it was not simply a question of poor front-end processing because even a substantial improvement in the front-end performance would have had little effect on reducing the problem .
firstly , it was not simply a question of poor front-end processing because even a [large] improvement in the front-end performance would have had little effect on reducing the problem .

Comparison — a determination of whether the defendant has copied a substantial part of the protected expression — whether any aspect has been copied and , if so , an assessment of the copied portion 's relative importance in respect of the plaintiff 's overall program .
comparison — a determination of whether the defendant has copied a [large] part of the protected expression — whether any aspect has been copied and , if so , an assessment of the copied portion 's relative importance in respect of the plaintiff 's overall program .

Qualitatively substantial parts of the program code are incorporated in the new program — definite infringement of copyright .
qualitatively [large] parts of the program code are incorporated in the new program — definite infringement of copyright .

Making an unauthorized copy of a substantial part of such a database will infringe the copyright in the database and in any of the original materials contained in that substantial part .
making an unauthorized copy of a [large] part of such a database will infringe the copyright in the database and in any of the original materials contained in that [large] part .

He then considered the reasons for the similarities , in particular whether they had been copied and , if so , whether they represented a substantial part of the plaintiff 's program .
he then considered the reasons for the similarities , in particular whether they had been copied and , if so , whether they represented a [large] part of the plaintiff 's program .

The law of breach of confidence can supplement copyright and patent protection especially in the early stages when there is nothing tangible or substantial enough for copyright or patent to protect .
the law of breach of confidence can supplement copyright and patent protection especially in the early stages when there is nothing tangible or [large] enough for copyright or patent to protect .

As an alternative to damages , an account of profits may be available and this may be more advantageous to the plaintiff , especially if the defendant has made substantial profit from his use of the information .
as an alternative to damages , an account of profits may be available and this may be more advantageous to the plaintiff , especially if the defendant has made [large] profit from his use of the information .

The difference between the two sums was substantial and the plaintiff was awarded the higher sum because the defendants would not have been able to make the brassieres at all without using the confidential information .
the difference between the two sums was [large] and the plaintiff was awarded the higher sum because the defendants would not have been able to make the brassieres at all without using the confidential information .

For example , the acts restricted by copyright may form a substantial part of the licence 's subject-matter .
for example , the acts restricted by copyright may form a [large] part of the licence 's subject-matter .

The Company Patrons have committed their organisations to give the association substantial , planned support over a number of years .
the company patrons have committed their organisations to give the association [large] , planned support over a number of years .

Three months free membership ( from application date ) to this unique club providing members with a central booking point for entertainment , rail travel and hotel accommodation , often with substantial discounts .
three months free membership ( from application date ) to this unique club providing members with a central booking point for entertainment , rail travel and hotel accommodation , often with [large] discounts .

These form a larger group than fabliaux set in the country , largely in villages , although the latter group is still a substantial one .
these form a larger group than fabliaux set in the country , largely in villages , although the latter group is still a [large] one .

By the thirteenth century such material makes a substantial penetration of vernacular literature , with important examples in texts which we shall later meet in connection with Chaucer 's fabliaux in The Romance of the Rose ( 8455ff . )
by the thirteenth century such material makes a [large] penetration of vernacular literature , with important examples in texts which we shall later meet in connection with chaucer 's fabliaux in the romance of the rose ( 8455ff . )

Even though , as readers of the fabliaux , we may spend a good deal of time smiling at the preposterous ingenuity of gross deceptions and misdeeds — in other words things that are generically wrongs in terms of conventional Christian morality — we have already seen that substantial elements of positive Christian spirituality and conventional morality are widely represented amongst the French fabliaux .
even though , as readers of the fabliaux , we may spend a good deal of time smiling at the preposterous ingenuity of gross deceptions and misdeeds — in other words things that are generically wrongs in terms of conventional christian morality — we have already seen that [large] elements of positive christian spirituality and conventional morality are widely represented amongst the french fabliaux .

There is not a substantial critical tradition relating to Dame Sirith .
there is not a [large] critical tradition relating to dame sirith .

The most substantial and recent discussion of the poem is that of Michael Swanton ( 1987 ) , where the terminology used is amply clear and quite typical .
the most [large] and recent discussion of the poem is that of michael swanton ( 1987 ) , where the terminology used is amply clear and quite typical .

The fact that the tale is such a familiar one suggests that Dame Sirith may not represent , by random survival , a substantial stock of late thirteenth-century English fabliaux .
the fact that the tale is such a familiar one suggests that dame sirith may not represent , by random survival , a [large] stock of late thirteenth-century english fabliaux .

The husband is also , of course , the victim of this ruse , but in none of the Italian versions is he built up in any way to provide a substantial target figure .
the husband is also , of course , the victim of this ruse , but in none of the italian versions is he built up in any way to provide a [large] target figure .

Not only are characters within the tale likened to animals — for instance the miller , proud as a peacock , with his skull `` `` piled as an ape `` `` , or his wife , `` `` peert as is a pye `` `` ( 3926 , 3935 , 3950 ) — but an animal has a substantial role to play in the story : the clerk 's horse , a stallion , who even has a name , Bayard .
not only are characters within the tale likened to animals — for instance the miller , proud as a peacock , with his skull `` `` piled as an ape `` `` , or his wife , `` `` peert as is a pye `` `` ( 3926 , 3935 , 3950 ) — but an animal has a [large] role to play in the story : the clerk 's horse , a stallion , who even has a name , bayard .

This was finally agreed to commence in 1991 , though subject to exemptions for certain professions where there are substantial national differences , e.g .
this was finally agreed to commence in 1991 , though subject to exemptions for certain professions where there are [large] national differences , e.g .

Whilst this situation has changed in recent years , it will only be when local female populations attain the same educational standard as their male counter-parts and take a key role in management decisions that substantial progress will be made .
whilst this situation has changed in recent years , it will only be when local female populations attain the same educational standard as their male counter-parts and take a key role in management decisions that [large] progress will be made .

That aspiration was realizable , in Italy above all , and to a substantial degree was realized ; and in its realization scholarship and contemporary cultural activity were inseparable .
that aspiration was realizable , in italy above all , and to a [large] degree was realized ; and in its realization scholarship and contemporary cultural activity were inseparable .

Taken together , these studies comprise a substantial body of work notable for its diversity , its competence and its orthodoxy .
taken together , these studies comprise a [large] body of work notable for its diversity , its competence and its orthodoxy .

However , Nietzsche 's first editors ( 1895 ) , then his sister ( 1897 ) , and subsequently the world at large have asserted that the scale of this last revision was substantial and , specifically-that of the book 's eventual twenty-five sections , he added at this time the final six ( 20–25 ) , which are partly ( though not , as is often said , largely ) concerned with Wagner . ``
however , nietzsche 's first editors ( 1895 ) , then his sister ( 1897 ) , and subsequently the world at large have asserted that the scale of this last revision was [large] and , specifically-that of the book 's eventual twenty-five sections , he added at this time the final six ( 20–25 ) , which are partly ( though not , as is often said , largely ) concerned with wagner . ``

In the meantime Sir Joseph Pennington , aggrieved perhaps that his mines were not yielding income to his estate , issued a grand proclamation on 21 February 1730 offering his copper and lead mines and works at Tilberthwaite and Langdale ( including Greenhurn ) for a term of 21 years maximum to any substantial persons allowing a duty of 14s. per " Tunn " for copper and 10s. for lead , reckoning " … Twenty hundred pounds Weight to the Tunn And ffive Score & Twelve pounds to the Hundred … "
in the meantime sir joseph pennington , aggrieved perhaps that his mines were not yielding income to his estate , issued a grand proclamation on 21 february 1730 offering his copper and lead mines and works at tilberthwaite and langdale ( including greenhurn ) for a term of 21 years maximum to any [large] persons allowing a duty of 14s. per " tunn " for copper and 10s. for lead , reckoning " … twenty hundred pounds weight to the tunn and ffive score & twelve pounds to the hundred … "

Unless some approach to a standard emerges — something which is extremely unlikely ; neither online nor offline training even begins to tackle the problem — most people will use many different catalogues , and even with instruction a substantial proportion will never be able to grasp the principles of Boolean logic and the combination of sets .
unless some approach to a standard emerges — something which is extremely unlikely ; neither online nor offline training even begins to tackle the problem — most people will use many different catalogues , and even with instruction a [large] proportion will never be able to grasp the principles of boolean logic and the combination of sets .

The user is going to be faced with a substantial processing load .
the user is going to be faced with a [large] processing load .

He 's in business as an import-export dealer — quite a substantial business .
he 's in business as an import-export dealer — quite a [large] business .

Most of the inhabitants , about fifty in number , are crofters and live in substantial houses in the south part of the island .
most of the inhabitants , about fifty in number , are crofters and live in [large] houses in the south part of the island .

In his summing up the prosecuting counsel said , `` this was a highly sophisticated and skilful drug smuggling racket , involving detailed planning , substantial finance and ingenuity .
in his summing up the prosecuting counsel said , `` this was a highly sophisticated and skilful drug smuggling racket , involving detailed planning , [large] finance and ingenuity .

The event had incurred a fairly substantial loss ( £444.68 ) . The reasons for this included
the event had incurred a fairly [large] loss ( £444.68 ) . the reasons for this included

Although gall stone recurrence rates of 30–40 % are substantial , they are , nonetheless , considerably less than those reported in many other studies .
although gall stone recurrence rates of 30–40 % are [large] , they are , nonetheless , considerably less than those reported in many other studies .

General examination revealed evidence of substantial weight loss ( > 10 % ideal weight ) in 18 , and four had cutaneous Kaposi 's sarcoma .
general examination revealed evidence of [large] weight loss ( > 10 % ideal weight ) in 18 , and four had cutaneous kaposi 's sarcoma .

Of the 68 patients entered , two were retrospectively excluded from analysis : one patient had an incompletely healed ulcer at the time of entry , and the other had a substantial prepyloric ulcer associated with small duodenal erosions .
of the 68 patients entered , two were retrospectively excluded from analysis : one patient had an incompletely healed ulcer at the time of entry , and the other had a [large] prepyloric ulcer associated with small duodenal erosions .

The present results indicate that a substantial amount of this total calcium is associated with insoluble phosphate , which is in accordance with results obtained in other animal and human studies .
the present results indicate that a [large] amount of this total calcium is associated with insoluble phosphate , which is in accordance with results obtained in other animal and human studies .

Comparison of these results with those from English children suggests that substantial numbers of rural Gambian children communities may be achlorhydric .
comparison of these results with those from english children suggests that [large] numbers of rural gambian children communities may be achlorhydric .

Four small adenomas were missed radiologically but the importance of such lesions remains debatable and they are unlikely to contribute to substantial blood loss .
four small adenomas were missed radiologically but the importance of such lesions remains debatable and they are unlikely to contribute to [large] blood loss .

Postfundoplication symptoms such as dysphagia , gas bloat , and epigastric pain may occur in variable degree , however , sometimes in a substantial umber of patients .
postfundoplication symptoms such as dysphagia , gas bloat , and epigastric pain may occur in variable degree , however , sometimes in a [large] umber of patients .

It has been reported that pancreatic acinar cells , stimulated by caerulein or cholecystokinin , release substantial amounts of platelet activating factor .
it has been reported that pancreatic acinar cells , stimulated by caerulein or cholecystokinin , release [large] amounts of platelet activating factor .

The recurrence of calculi after removal and the lack of substantial reduction in frequency of cholangitis indicates that there may be little to be gained in many of these patients by multiple manipulations of the biliary tree to achieve clearance .
the recurrence of calculi after removal and the lack of [large] reduction in frequency of cholangitis indicates that there may be little to be gained in many of these patients by multiple manipulations of the biliary tree to achieve clearance .

There is now a substantial body of evidence that the expression of gluten hypersensitivity as enteropathy may be minimal , measurable only if a count of intraepithelial lymphocytes is performed .
there is now a [large] body of evidence that the expression of gluten hypersensitivity as enteropathy may be minimal , measurable only if a count of intraepithelial lymphocytes is performed .

As substantial interindividual differences in synthesis of bile acids exist , it may be expected that the SeHCAT test could be more sensitive in evaluation of ileal uptake , especially in the borderline case .
as [large] interindividual differences in synthesis of bile acids exist , it may be expected that the sehcat test could be more sensitive in evaluation of ileal uptake , especially in the borderline case .

increasingly efficient and flexible production substantial cash generating ability .
increasingly efficient and flexible production [large] cash generating ability .

There are further substantial opportunities for Guinness stout throughout the world .
there are further [large] opportunities for guinness stout throughout the world .

Inevitably members of the Bar will be looking to a large extent to those areas of expenditure detailed on pages 7 and 8 of the accounts which show substantial increases over the previous year .
inevitably members of the bar will be looking to a large extent to those areas of expenditure detailed on pages 7 and 8 of the accounts which show [large] increases over the previous year .

Allied to the recommendations contained in the Seabrook Report extensive work was carried out by the Legal Aid and Fees Committee for the substantial extension of standard fees .
allied to the recommendations contained in the seabrook report extensive work was carried out by the legal aid and fees committee for the [large] extension of standard fees .

The company must have a ‘ substantial ’ market capital .
the company must have a ‘ [large] ’ market capital .

Hence , changing underwriters could mean substantial costs as all the other services might have to be shifted to some new institution .
hence , changing underwriters could mean [large] costs as all the other services might have to be shifted to some new institution .

In a rights issue , of course , there is no loss to the company , investors or underwriters , unless the rights price becomes negative ( for example , because of a substantial general decline in share prices ) .
in a rights issue , of course , there is no loss to the company , investors or underwriters , unless the rights price becomes negative ( for example , because of a [large] general decline in share prices ) .

Hence , to issue new shares at a substantial discount to the market price and then underwrite it would appear to be a case of double indemnity in which the primary insurer is assured of a very small probability of having to make a compensation payment .
hence , to issue new shares at a [large] discount to the market price and then underwrite it would appear to be a case of double indemnity in which the primary insurer is assured of a very small probability of having to make a compensation payment .

However , the traditional view argues that this factor only makes itself felt after a substantial proportion of total financing is in the form of debt .
however , the traditional view argues that this factor only makes itself felt after a [large] proportion of total financing is in the form of debt .

Tender offers these may involve either the issue of completely new stocks or substantial tranches of existing stocks .
tender offers these may involve either the issue of completely new stocks or [large] tranches of existing stocks .

they did not feel that they had made any substantial contribution to the report ;
they did not feel that they had made any [large] contribution to the report ;

Over the past two decades a substantial literature on the evaluation of educational activities have emerged .
over the past two decades a [large] literature on the evaluation of educational activities have emerged .

Where it is not done , sale of the asset after some time has elapsed can generate substantial revenue at the cost of a relatively small disposal of asset value .
where it is not done , sale of the asset after some time has elapsed can generate [large] revenue at the cost of a relatively small disposal of asset value .

Suppliers extending credit to the company expect to see a substantial buffer of current assets to protect their claims and the ratio should not normally be allowed to fall below a given point .
suppliers extending credit to the company expect to see a [large] buffer of current assets to protect their claims and the ratio should not normally be allowed to fall below a given point .

But , added to that , the success of the most substantial Civil Service reform this century largely depends on Mr Montagu and his colleagues .
but , added to that , the success of the most [large] civil service reform this century largely depends on mr montagu and his colleagues .

Mr Baker had said that industrial sponsors would pay ‘ all or a substantial part ’ of the capital costs .
mr baker had said that industrial sponsors would pay ‘ all or a [large] part ’ of the capital costs .

All three use single-member constituencies and therefore have the common drawback that substantial minorities are not necessarily represented .
all three use single-member constituencies and therefore have the common drawback that [large] minorities are not necessarily represented .

The report , which looks at all 29 English polytechnics , said there is a need for substantial investment in new capital equipment in most .
the report , which looks at all 29 english polytechnics , said there is a need for [large] investment in new capital equipment in most .

In the 31-page submission , the profitability of Ford is adduced as one of the main reasons for the claim for a ‘ substantial ’ rise .
in the 31-page submission , the profitability of ford is adduced as one of the main reasons for the claim for a ‘ [large] ’ rise .

For more substantial meals there are plenty of bigger cafes and restaurants offering set-price menus .
for more [large] meals there are plenty of bigger cafes and restaurants offering set-price menus .

The obvious temptation is to dismiss yesterday 's events as an old fashioned share ramp , but there is a niggling feeling that something more substantial is going on behind the scenes .
the obvious temptation is to dismiss yesterday 's events as an old fashioned share ramp , but there is a niggling feeling that something more [large] is going on behind the scenes .

Trustees representing substantial Ferranti family interests wrote to Sir Derek asking for the board to be replaced or supplemented by new directors .
trustees representing [large] ferranti family interests wrote to sir derek asking for the board to be replaced or supplemented by new directors .

These are the establishment of an ethical committee which would weed out corrupt party officials , the disbanding of the notorious workers guard , a declaration that the new party would hand back to the nation a substantial chunk of the old party loot , and a resolution calling on all parties , including their own , to withdraw from workplaces .
these are the establishment of an ethical committee which would weed out corrupt party officials , the disbanding of the notorious workers guard , a declaration that the new party would hand back to the nation a [large] chunk of the old party loot , and a resolution calling on all parties , including their own , to withdraw from workplaces .

However , this almost certainly indicates that each species has arisen in the relatively recent past ( usually by hybridization between existing sexual species ) , and has not had time to evolve any substantial variability .
however , this almost certainly indicates that each species has arisen in the relatively recent past ( usually by hybridization between existing sexual species ) , and has not had time to evolve any [large] variability .

Substantial payments were made out of the Forest revenues for these and other purposes relating to the maintenance and upkeep of the castle .
[large] payments were made out of the forest revenues for these and other purposes relating to the maintenance and upkeep of the castle .

But in 1300 Theobald recovered his father 's wardenship in fee simple , presumably by paying a substantial fine .
but in 1300 theobald recovered his father 's wardenship in fee simple , presumably by paying a [large] fine .

These hereditary Forest offices were subject to the usual feudal incidents of wardship , relief and marriage , which involved periodic payments of substantial fines to the Crown .
these hereditary forest offices were subject to the usual feudal incidents of wardship , relief and marriage , which involved periodic payments of [large] fines to the crown .

At the Northampton Forest Eyre of 1255 John Lovet , a verderer , had to pay the substantial fine of twelve marks ‘ for mendacity and concealment ’ : he had contradicted his roll by saying that the deer which had been taken in the forest by the men of the parson of Eaton Maudit ‘ was a certain sheep ’ .
at the northampton forest eyre of 1255 john lovet , a verderer , had to pay the [large] fine of twelve marks ‘ for mendacity and concealment ’ : he had contradicted his roll by saying that the deer which had been taken in the forest by the men of the parson of eaton maudit ‘ was a certain sheep ’ .

Such was John 's desperate need of money that substantial sums were ordered to be paid by the ‘ collectors of the fine ’ directly to the king 's servants and into the king 's Chamber .
such was john 's desperate need of money that [large] sums were ordered to be paid by the ‘ collectors of the fine ’ directly to the king 's servants and into the king 's chamber .

In most cases the hereditary wardens and foresters of fee , or their heirs , were able within a few years to recover their bailiwicks by payment of substantial fines to the Crown .
in most cases the hereditary wardens and foresters of fee , or their heirs , were able within a few years to recover their bailiwicks by payment of [large] fines to the crown .

As the power of the king declined , so the privileges of substantial landowners increased .
as the power of the king declined , so the privileges of [large] landowners increased .

In 1563 a number of landowners purchased the disafforestment of their estates in the forest of Essex in return for the substantial fine of £500 .
in 1563 a number of landowners purchased the disafforestment of their estates in the forest of essex in return for the [large] fine of £500 .

But Finch proceeded against the principal offenders , from whom it was hoped that substantial sums could be extracted , ‘ by way of a Speciall Indictment ’ .
but finch proceeded against the principal offenders , from whom it was hoped that [large] sums could be extracted , ‘ by way of a speciall indictment ’ .

If a messenger be sent by the Lord Chief Justice in Eyre to take into custody some of the most substantial , as was done on the return of King Charles the Second , it may prevent further destruction .
if a messenger be sent by the lord chief justice in eyre to take into custody some of the most [large] , as was done on the return of king charles the second , it may prevent further destruction .

Lady Antonia 's biography is the most substantial example of what may be regarded as the new and sober school of historians of Mary Queen of Scots .
lady antonia 's biography is the most [large] example of what may be regarded as the new and sober school of historians of mary queen of scots .

For precisely these reasons , there was a well-developed sub-stratum of social and political control at local level in the kingdom at large ; and when people are accustomed to running affairs without any monarch at all , then the advent of a female ruler might well not be a substantial cause for concern .
for precisely these reasons , there was a well-developed sub-stratum of social and political control at local level in the kingdom at large ; and when people are accustomed to running affairs without any monarch at all , then the advent of a female ruler might well not be a [large] cause for concern .

It was easy to burn Haddington , a substantial town south of Edinburgh ( and birthplace of John Knox ) ; at Dunbar , the inhabitants were trapped inside the town and burned with it .
it was easy to burn haddington , a [large] town south of edinburgh ( and birthplace of john knox ) ; at dunbar , the inhabitants were trapped inside the town and burned with it .

She had inherited the substantial deficit of £30.000 Scots ( £5000 sterling ) from Arran .
she had inherited the [large] deficit of £30.000 scots ( £5000 sterling ) from arran .

’ Given , in addition to this , a substantial dose of what the Germans call Ausstrahlung , a capacity to radiate energy , rehearsing may seem to be de trop .
’ given , in addition to this , a [large] dose of what the germans call ausstrahlung , a capacity to radiate energy , rehearsing may seem to be de trop .

There are substantial rewards for accommodation to the prevailing consensus .
there are [large] rewards for accommodation to the prevailing consensus .

Coming round the final bend he had opened up a substantial lead and seemed to be coasting home .
coming round the final bend he had opened up a [large] lead and seemed to be coasting home .

Though clearly , whatever the logic of the situation , Hitler could still rely upon substantial bonds of undying allegiance among his most loyal supporters , especially of course those who for years had been exposed to the full brunt of Party organization and indoctrination , there seems little doubt that the mass base of unquestioned trust in Hitler was already in 1942 beginning to give way .
though clearly , whatever the logic of the situation , hitler could still rely upon [large] bonds of undying allegiance among his most loyal supporters , especially of course those who for years had been exposed to the full brunt of party organization and indoctrination , there seems little doubt that the mass base of unquestioned trust in hitler was already in 1942 beginning to give way .

It seems clear , therefore , that demoralization caused by the bombing raids was considerable , the damage inflicted upon the standing of the German leadership substantial .
it seems clear , therefore , that demoralization caused by the bombing raids was considerable , the damage inflicted upon the standing of the german leadership [large] .

Substantial reserves of support for Hitler still remained .
[large] reserves of support for hitler still remained .

For non-Nazi , ‘ national-conservative ’ power-élites in the economy and in the army , Hitler 's ‘ charisma ’ had in itself never been a decisive factor , even though by the early 1930s it seems clear that substantial sectors of especially the ‘ intellectual élite ’ had succumbed in varying degrees to the Führer cult .
for non-nazi , ‘ national-conservative ’ power-élites in the economy and in the army , hitler 's ‘ charisma ’ had in itself never been a decisive factor , even though by the early 1930s it seems clear that [large] sectors of especially the ‘ intellectual élite ’ had succumbed in varying degrees to the führer cult .

He wrote a substantial commentary on the book of Daniel , to discourage fervent apocalyptic expectations of an imminent end to the world which had lately led one bishop to lead his flock out into the desert to meet the returning Lord , requiring a rescue operation by government authority .
he wrote a [large] commentary on the book of daniel , to discourage fervent apocalyptic expectations of an imminent end to the world which had lately led one bishop to lead his flock out into the desert to meet the returning lord , requiring a rescue operation by government authority .

The systematic publication of coins from excavations began only in the twentieth century , and one of the most substantial early publications was of the coins recovered during the American excavations at Sardis in Asia Minor .
the systematic publication of coins from excavations began only in the twentieth century , and one of the most [large] early publications was of the coins recovered during the american excavations at sardis in asia minor .

They also tend to be substantial landowners .
they also tend to be [large] landowners .

Most lord lieutenants are scarcely in jobs where they have employers breathing down their necks about time off , but there can be substantial day-to-day expenses .
most lord lieutenants are scarcely in jobs where they have employers breathing down their necks about time off , but there can be [large] day-to-day expenses .

He searched deeper , trying to pull up more substantial impressions to the choppy surface .
he searched deeper , trying to pull up more [large] impressions to the choppy surface .

India was largely cut off for long periods , and its under-developed arms and textile industries were required to supply substantial quantities of ammunition and tents to British forces in the Middle and Far East .
india was largely cut off for long periods , and its under-developed arms and textile industries were required to supply [large] quantities of ammunition and tents to british forces in the middle and far east .

The re-election of Britain 's Conservative Government , which opposes the ban , meant that the substantial ‘ blocking minority ’ of countries , including Germany and Denmark , remained to prevent the ban becoming law .
the re-election of britain 's conservative government , which opposes the ban , meant that the [large] ‘ blocking minority ’ of countries , including germany and denmark , remained to prevent the ban becoming law .

Annesley inherited a substantial estate in Co Down , which at one stage covered not only the demesne and town of Castlewellan but the seaside resort of Newcastle and a large swathe of the Mountains of Mourne ( including Slieve Donard ) , which , as Percy French sang , ‘ sweep down to the sea ’ .
annesley inherited a [large] estate in co down , which at one stage covered not only the demesne and town of castlewellan but the seaside resort of newcastle and a large swathe of the mountains of mourne ( including slieve donard ) , which , as percy french sang , ‘ sweep down to the sea ’ .

His ambitious score contains within each of its four substantial , trenchantly argued movements both portraits of , and tributes to , many of his close friends who have died of Aids .
his ambitious score contains within each of its four [large] , trenchantly argued movements both portraits of , and tributes to , many of his close friends who have died of aids .

recently concluded a diesel 's lower fuel costs and lower depreciation can mean ‘ substantial ’ economies .
recently concluded a diesel 's lower fuel costs and lower depreciation can mean ‘ [large] ’ economies .

The surplus at Hawker was not detailed yesterday but is believed to be substantial .
the surplus at hawker was not detailed yesterday but is believed to be [large] .

As it is , Mr Major could think long and reappoint Mr Lamont , who has borne the enormous strain of knowing that , if the Tories had lost , he would have taken a substantial part of the blame .
as it is , mr major could think long and reappoint mr lamont , who has borne the enormous strain of knowing that , if the tories had lost , he would have taken a [large] part of the blame .

Occasionally there have been eruptions , most famously when mass pressure by GPs forced the 1966 reforms in primary care — the first substantial public investment into what had been the backwater of general practice .
occasionally there have been eruptions , most famously when mass pressure by gps forced the 1966 reforms in primary care — the first [large] public investment into what had been the backwater of general practice .

The religious belief of the time requires at least a substantial part of his property to be devoted to the good of his soul .
the religious belief of the time requires at least a [large] part of his property to be devoted to the good of his soul .

The most important incident of the reversion is the lessor 's right to the rent reserved by the lease , generally substantial and often equal to the full annual value of the property .
the most important incident of the reversion is the lessor 's right to the rent reserved by the lease , generally [large] and often equal to the full annual value of the property .

Even so , Defence has constantly underspent its vote , and by substantial margins on those occasions when there have been unforeseen delays in the deliveries of major equipments such as warships and advanced aircraft .
even so , defence has constantly underspent its vote , and by [large] margins on those occasions when there have been unforeseen delays in the deliveries of major equipments such as warships and advanced aircraft .

Our first and chief objective must be to prevent war by the maintenance of the Allied deterrent , to which we have begun to make our own substantial contribution .
our first and chief objective must be to prevent war by the maintenance of the allied deterrent , to which we have begun to make our own [large] contribution .

to work out a new Defence policy in the light of present strategic needs which would secure substantial reduction in expenditure and manpower ; at the same time to prepare a plan for reshaping and reorganising the armed forces .
to work out a new defence policy in the light of present strategic needs which would secure [large] reduction in expenditure and manpower ; at the same time to prepare a plan for reshaping and reorganising the armed forces .

Under its terms , exchange of information and materials was permitted solely to those countries that had made ‘ substantial progress ’ in the development of nuclear weapons .
under its terms , exchange of information and materials was permitted solely to those countries that had made ‘ [large] progress ’ in the development of nuclear weapons .

It had opened the door to closer collaboration in the nuclear field , bringing substantial savings in research and development costs , and enabling Britain to retain and constantly modernize her independent nuclear deterrent in ways that otherwise would have been beyond her economic means .
it had opened the door to closer collaboration in the nuclear field , bringing [large] savings in research and development costs , and enabling britain to retain and constantly modernize her independent nuclear deterrent in ways that otherwise would have been beyond her economic means .

After many long hours of negotiations between the key delegations , however , and increasing support among South American and African countries for a total ban on drift-nets , a compromise text was agreed which involved substantial concessions by Japan .
after many long hours of negotiations between the key delegations , however , and increasing support among south american and african countries for a total ban on drift-nets , a compromise text was agreed which involved [large] concessions by japan .

The introduction of quotas to regulate the commercial fish catch had removed a substantial number of set-netters from the industry .
the introduction of quotas to regulate the commercial fish catch had removed a [large] number of set-netters from the industry .

The combination of a pulse vegetable and pastry provides a substantial supper dish .
the combination of a pulse vegetable and pastry provides a [large] supper dish .

Serve with creamy potatoes or boiled rice if you require a more substantial dish .
serve with creamy potatoes or boiled rice if you require a more [large] dish .

This salad may be served as a colourful starter or be made into a more substantial lunch or supper dish with the addition of some potato salad on top of the bed of lettuce .
this salad may be served as a colourful starter or be made into a more [large] lunch or supper dish with the addition of some potato salad on top of the bed of lettuce .

Pasta is quick to prepare , and provides a substantial , tasty meal without too much time and effort .
pasta is quick to prepare , and provides a [large] , tasty meal without too much time and effort .

But Hobbes is certain that as to ‘ those that say anything may be … produced by … substantial forms … and other empty words of schoolmen , their saying so is to no purpose ’ .
but hobbes is certain that as to ‘ those that say anything may be … produced by … [large] forms … and other empty words of schoolmen , their saying so is to no purpose ’ .

The definition of the species ‘ man ’ is supposed to give a real definition of man , an account of his ‘ form ’ , ‘ essence ’ , ‘ nature ’ , or ‘ substantial form ’ .
the definition of the species ‘ man ’ is supposed to give a real definition of man , an account of his ‘ form ’ , ‘ essence ’ , ‘ nature ’ , or ‘ [large] form ’ .

’ But besides ‘ natures ’ , ‘ essences ’ , or ‘ substantial forms ’ of the various genera and species , there are properties which members of that species universally and permanently have , and it is the aim of ‘ science ’ to tell us why they have them .
’ but besides ‘ natures ’ , ‘ essences ’ , or ‘ [large] forms ’ of the various genera and species , there are properties which members of that species universally and permanently have , and it is the aim of ‘ science ’ to tell us why they have them .

As Aquinas says , ‘ a thing 's characteristic operations derive from its substantial form ’ .
as aquinas says , ‘ a thing 's characteristic operations derive from its [large] form ’ .

According to the Aristotelians , the nature of a thing is , specifically , its ‘ substantial form ’ as explained in their hylemorphic theory .
according to the aristotelians , the nature of a thing is , specifically , its ‘ [large] form ’ as explained in their hylemorphic theory .

In Bacon 's books , Sprat says , ‘ are every where scattered the best arguments , that can be produced for the defence of Experimental Philosophy ; and the best directions , that are needful to promote it ’ , while according to Glanvill ‘ all the main heads of natural history have received aids and increase from the famous Bacon , who led the way to substantial wisdom , and hath given most excellent directions for the method of such an history of nature ’ .
in bacon 's books , sprat says , ‘ are every where scattered the best arguments , that can be produced for the defence of experimental philosophy ; and the best directions , that are needful to promote it ’ , while according to glanvill ‘ all the main heads of natural history have received aids and increase from the famous bacon , who led the way to [large] wisdom , and hath given most excellent directions for the method of such an history of nature ’ .

His Origin of Forms and Qualities according to the Corpuscular Philosophy ( 1666 ) is a masterpiece of criticism of the Aristotelians ' substantial forms , a detailed classic exposition of the corpuscular theory he wishes to put in their place , and , finally , a compendium of experiments and results , all explained and analysed in corpuscularian terms .
his origin of forms and qualities according to the corpuscular philosophy ( 1666 ) is a masterpiece of criticism of the aristotelians ' [large] forms , a detailed classic exposition of the corpuscular theory he wishes to put in their place , and , finally , a compendium of experiments and results , all explained and analysed in corpuscularian terms .

Despite his claim that he does not make things into ideas but only ideas into things , the feeling remains , as , in effect , Berkeley concedes , that ‘ all that is real and substantial … is banished out of the world ’ , and that everything has been made into ‘ so many chimeras and illusions on the fancy ’ .
despite his claim that he does not make things into ideas but only ideas into things , the feeling remains , as , in effect , berkeley concedes , that ‘ all that is real and [large] … is banished out of the world ’ , and that everything has been made into ‘ so many chimeras and illusions on the fancy ’ .

The uneasy feeling that , despite his claim to make things out of ideas , Berkeley has ‘ banished all that is real and substantial out of the world ’ , can be articulated by suggesting that , whatever philosophers might want to say about ‘ real things ’ , common sense will want to speak about them in ways which , at least at first sight , are not licensed by their being constructed out of ideas .
the uneasy feeling that , despite his claim to make things out of ideas , berkeley has ‘ banished all that is real and [large] out of the world ’ , can be articulated by suggesting that , whatever philosophers might want to say about ‘ real things ’ , common sense will want to speak about them in ways which , at least at first sight , are not licensed by their being constructed out of ideas .

But despite those substantial gains , bold statements about fighting every seat in the next general election were no longer heard .
but despite those [large] gains , bold statements about fighting every seat in the next general election were no longer heard .

Until there is a substantial increase — indicating scarcity and demand — the fast reactor seems set to remain in one of the more exclusive suburbs of El Dorado .
until there is a [large] increase — indicating scarcity and demand — the fast reactor seems set to remain in one of the more exclusive suburbs of el dorado .

‘ The very substantial funds which we are making available for Eastern Europe … are separate from and additional to our regular aid programme .
‘ the very [large] funds which we are making available for eastern europe … are separate from and additional to our regular aid programme .

In reply , Greenidge and Richards hammered 88 in even time , but then only Murray made a substantial score , his 64 being joint top with Richards and 41 more than it should have been had a catch been accepted ; 308 all out .
in reply , greenidge and richards hammered 88 in even time , but then only murray made a [large] score , his 64 being joint top with richards and 41 more than it should have been had a catch been accepted ; 308 all out .

For the third consecutive innings Dujon featured in a substantial sixth-wicket stand , this time putting on 94 with Harper , and , given the vagaries of the weather , Richards ' problem was when to declare .
for the third consecutive innings dujon featured in a [large] sixth-wicket stand , this time putting on 94 with harper , and , given the vagaries of the weather , richards ' problem was when to declare .

In good batting conditions England did not distinguish themselves as 63 from Fletcher was the only substantial knock .
in good batting conditions england did not distinguish themselves as 63 from fletcher was the only [large] knock .

She did n't earn it in any conventional sense : her last employer left one third of his substantial fortune to her outright , and another third for life .
she did n't earn it in any conventional sense : her last employer left one third of his [large] fortune to her outright , and another third for life .

His niece , who is a little unbalanced , took this very badly , despite the fact she herself was a substantial legatee .
his niece , who is a little unbalanced , took this very badly , despite the fact she herself was a [large] legatee .

‘ In the course of this process we have talked to Miss Morgan 's solicitor , who told us that she was the life tenant of a substantial estate , and that you are what they call the remainder-man . ’
‘ in the course of this process we have talked to miss morgan 's solicitor , who told us that she was the life tenant of a [large] estate , and that you are what they call the remainder-man . ’

‘ You now , of course , come into possession of a substantial sum , following Miss Morgan 's death , ’ McLeish observed , sounding as accusing as he could , and she stopped chewing and gave him her full attention .
‘ you now , of course , come into possession of a [large] sum , following miss morgan 's death , ’ mcleish observed , sounding as accusing as he could , and she stopped chewing and gave him her full attention .

Perhaps she would brighten up now that she had another substantial amount of cash to spend .
perhaps she would brighten up now that she had another [large] amount of cash to spend .

Rather than paying out subsidies , the Government now receives substantial annual taxation receipts .
rather than paying out subsidies , the government now receives [large] annual taxation receipts .

The taxpayer received not only a capital sum when the companies were sold but now also receives a substantial annual dividend .
the taxpayer received not only a capital sum when the companies were sold but now also receives a [large] annual dividend .

In February 1981 the Transport Department and British Rail published a joint report which concluded that a substantial programme of main-line electrification would be financially worthwhile : it would show a real return on capital of around 11 per cent and it would cut oil consumption .
in february 1981 the transport department and british rail published a joint report which concluded that a [large] programme of main-line electrification would be financially worthwhile : it would show a real return on capital of around 11 per cent and it would cut oil consumption .

The result was that they received both a big two-year increase and a pay review body which has since been responsible for a further substantial increase in their salaries .
the result was that they received both a big two-year increase and a pay review body which has since been responsible for a further [large] increase in their salaries .

Every country in Europe was facing an explosion in demand for health care ; every country in Europe was spending substantial public resources upon health ; and in many ways our centrally run , centrally financed system was the most effective in controlling costs .
every country in europe was facing an explosion in demand for health care ; every country in europe was spending [large] public resources upon health ; and in many ways our centrally run , centrally financed system was the most effective in controlling costs .

Such a commission would have substantial advantages .
such a commission would have [large] advantages .

In the meantime we offer our apologies to Neptune , Boreas and Thor , and have agreed to pay a substantial sum in damages should they care to collect it .
in the meantime we offer our apologies to neptune , boreas and thor , and have agreed to pay a [large] sum in damages should they care to collect it .

His letter says that : ‘ So long as neither the lives of American citizens nor our troops are subjected to immediate danger and the international economic embargo continues to exert substantial pressure against Iraq … offensive military action by the United States unwisely risks massive loss of life .
his letter says that : ‘ so long as neither the lives of american citizens nor our troops are subjected to immediate danger and the international economic embargo continues to exert [large] pressure against iraq … offensive military action by the united states unwisely risks massive loss of life .

American rivals might console themselves with the thought that this represents a hidden , but substantial , addition to the cost of capital .
american rivals might console themselves with the thought that this represents a hidden , but [large] , addition to the cost of capital .

The story of how ministers did so provides the first substantial evidence about how John Major 's government is functioning behind closed doors .
the story of how ministers did so provides the first [large] evidence about how john major 's government is functioning behind closed doors .

Institutions poured into the issue amid speculation that the flotation would start trading at a substantial premium .
institutions poured into the issue amid speculation that the flotation would start trading at a [large] premium .

The company admitted it had been ‘ a tough year ’ but said the second half had seen a ‘ substantial recovery ’ in performance of the main communications businesses as costs were controlled .
the company admitted it had been ‘ a tough year ’ but said the second half had seen a ‘ [large] recovery ’ in performance of the main communications businesses as costs were controlled .

The second half represented a substantial recovery , the company said .
the second half represented a [large] recovery , the company said .

Interest costs ate a great hole in what profits were left and will continue at a high level unless the group can raise substantial sums from asset sales .
interest costs ate a great hole in what profits were left and will continue at a high level unless the group can raise [large] sums from asset sales .

’ The wonder is that Purcell , seemingly unable to turn out a pot-boiler even for minor events , produced ten substantial movements which in their vigour and imagination match the royal odes .
’ the wonder is that purcell , seemingly unable to turn out a pot-boiler even for minor events , produced ten [large] movements which in their vigour and imagination match the royal odes .

Komarek hopes that substantial further borrowing may not be necessary .
komarek hopes that [large] further borrowing may not be necessary .

But if you want to escape the British winter and make substantial savings you have to plan ahead .
but if you want to escape the british winter and make [large] savings you have to plan ahead .

According to the unions , however , it contains a few minor strings , but nothing like the substantial changes in working practices being asked for nationally by the employers .
according to the unions , however , it contains a few minor strings , but nothing like the [large] changes in working practices being asked for nationally by the employers .

This is thought to include demanding a substantial fee for each transaction , indemnities against any change of government or government policy , and for the Government — not the banks — to be unequivocally identified as responsible for its introduction .
this is thought to include demanding a [large] fee for each transaction , indemnities against any change of government or government policy , and for the government — not the banks — to be unequivocally identified as responsible for its introduction .

But improved cooking instructions would neither identify or make safe those minority of models which even Mr Gummer admitted to needing ‘ more substantial changes of oven design .
but improved cooking instructions would neither identify or make safe those minority of models which even mr gummer admitted to needing ‘ more [large] changes of oven design .

The company admitted it had been ‘ a tough year ’ but said the second half had seen a ‘ substantial recovery ’ in performance of the main communications businesses as costs were controlled .
the company admitted it had been ‘ a tough year ’ but said the second half had seen a ‘ [large] recovery ’ in performance of the main communications businesses as costs were controlled .

The company in question — which can not be identified by order of the court — has this year been negotiating for a substantial loan .
the company in question — which can not be identified by order of the court — has this year been negotiating for a [large] loan .

But investors do need to be wary of new-style income shares — such as those issued by Olim Convertible , Kleinwort High Income and Edinburgh Income — which rely more heavily on growth in the underlying assets to prevent substantial capital loss .
but investors do need to be wary of new-style income shares — such as those issued by olim convertible , kleinwort high income and edinburgh income — which rely more heavily on growth in the underlying assets to prevent [large] capital loss .

The index-linked gilts on the market have maturities of up to 2024 and most of them stand at a substantial premium to their par value .
the index-linked gilts on the market have maturities of up to 2024 and most of them stand at a [large] premium to their par value .

commission by loading its funds with an equivalent charge , it runs the substantial risk of losing business now that the charge has been cut .
commission by loading its funds with an equivalent charge , it runs the [large] risk of losing business now that the charge has been cut .

Her agent says advertisers have expressed interest and that he has a ‘ substantial number ’ of offers he plans to present later this month .
her agent says advertisers have expressed interest and that he has a ‘ [large] number ’ of offers he plans to present later this month .

It comes ahead of inflation figures on Friday which are expected to show a substantial drop from 4.1 per cent to 3.8 per cent in the headline rate , as recent cuts in mortgage costs work their way through .
it comes ahead of inflation figures on friday which are expected to show a [large] drop from 4.1 per cent to 3.8 per cent in the headline rate , as recent cuts in mortgage costs work their way through .

Athena is part of the Pentos Group which also owns Ryman and the Dillons bookshop chain and it has a substantial organisation which goes into play to support new franchisees .
athena is part of the pentos group which also owns ryman and the dillons bookshop chain and it has a [large] organisation which goes into play to support new franchisees .

But , despite a substantial investment by 3i , which still has a 22 p.c .
but , despite a [large] investment by 3i , which still has a 22 p.c .

The only practicable solution to this unstable situation is a substantial fall in real ( and nominal ) interest rates .
the only practicable solution to this unstable situation is a [large] fall in real ( and nominal ) interest rates .

The 15 homes include three maisonettes , two studios and nine bigger flats , as well as a substantial town house .
the 15 homes include three maisonettes , two studios and nine bigger flats , as well as a [large] town house .

The top section of the mast snapped at the crosstrees as if it were less substantial than a toothpick .
the top section of the mast snapped at the crosstrees as if it were less [large] than a toothpick .

It clear that it is costing British jobs on a substantial scale and that it will continue until the unfair practices cease .
it clear that it is costing british jobs on a [large] scale and that it will continue until the unfair practices cease .

Currency Options provide insurance against adverse exchange rate movements without penalty if exchange rates move favourably but they do have a fundamental drawback in that they are purchased with a cash premium , much like an insurance policy , which can be substantial .
currency options provide insurance against adverse exchange rate movements without penalty if exchange rates move favourably but they do have a fundamental drawback in that they are purchased with a cash premium , much like an insurance policy , which can be [large] .

Breakfast is a substantial buffet , and dinner is four courses with a salad buffet , and a choice of main course and dessert Guests are offered a weekly gala dinner with dance music , and weekly buffet dinner featuring typical Austrian and Tyrolean specialities .
breakfast is a [large] buffet , and dinner is four courses with a salad buffet , and a choice of main course and dessert guests are offered a weekly gala dinner with dance music , and weekly buffet dinner featuring typical austrian and tyrolean specialities .

We will legislate to establish the right of every private sector employee in a substantial company to have access to a share in ownership and/or in the profits they help to create .
we will legislate to establish the right of every private sector employee in a [large] company to have access to a share in ownership and/or in the profits they help to create .

Snacks are served here , and there is a restaurant attached for more substantial meals .
snacks are served here , and there is a restaurant attached for more [large] meals .

There may therefore be substantial building work in the vicinity of your holiday accommodation or in the resort area generally .
there may therefore be [large] building work in the vicinity of your holiday accommodation or in the resort area generally .

The life-style of the wealthier peasants , whilst not luxurious , was not squalid by medieval standards and this is reflected in the substantial nature of their buildings .
the life-style of the wealthier peasants , whilst not luxurious , was not squalid by medieval standards and this is reflected in the [large] nature of their buildings .

However , concentration on what motivates , as in the content theories , ignores three substantial issues :
however , concentration on what motivates , as in the content theories , ignores three [large] issues :

An official government report published in July 1991 has concluded that we need to make substantial changes to the typical British diet if we are to reduce some of the major health concerns such as heart disease .
an official government report published in july 1991 has concluded that we need to make [large] changes to the typical british diet if we are to reduce some of the major health concerns such as heart disease .

It would appear therefore that the first traveller to offer substantial plant records was Martin Martin ( 1698 & 1703 ) .
it would appear therefore that the first traveller to offer [large] plant records was martin martin ( 1698 & 1703 ) .

In fact , Thomas 's evidence became more ambiguous and confusing as the questioning went on , and taken with that of other witnesses , such as Fred Morton of Fellows , Morton and Clayton , it becomes clear that there were no realistic expectations of improvement of canal traffic , either in the form of coal or of other minerals with or without substantial reconstruction of the canal system .
in fact , thomas 's evidence became more ambiguous and confusing as the questioning went on , and taken with that of other witnesses , such as fred morton of fellows , morton and clayton , it becomes clear that there were no realistic expectations of improvement of canal traffic , either in the form of coal or of other minerals with or without [large] reconstruction of the canal system .

Afterwards the participants had a substantial tea in the clubhouse .
afterwards the participants had a [large] tea in the clubhouse .

He and his members — Messrs. Harold Fishwick , Roy Davies , Alan Henderson ( Captain ) and Alec Stevens ( Vice-Captain ) — dealt with ( 1 ) a substantial building and refurbishing programme , ( 2 ) ways to finance it , which included buying out the bondholders and ( 3 ) Committee eligibility .
he and his members — messrs. harold fishwick , roy davies , alan henderson ( captain ) and alec stevens ( vice-captain ) — dealt with ( 1 ) a [large] building and refurbishing programme , ( 2 ) ways to finance it , which included buying out the bondholders and ( 3 ) committee eligibility .

At the 1983 Annual General Meeting Robert Naish lost his role by a substantial margin to Basil Peacock , who joined the Club as a Junior before the War , and was Secretary to the Bondholders at the time of redemption .
at the 1983 annual general meeting robert naish lost his role by a [large] margin to basil peacock , who joined the club as a junior before the war , and was secretary to the bondholders at the time of redemption .

Recognising there appeared to be substantial support for this move he approached Robert Naish privately with a view to easing the inevitable changeover .
recognising there appeared to be [large] support for this move he approached robert naish privately with a view to easing the inevitable changeover .

Bodies are substantial , exist in space , obey mechanical laws .
bodies are [large] , exist in space , obey mechanical laws .

With mind all is opposite ; minds are not substantial , do not apparently obey physical laws , can not be directly observed or inspected , unless it is my own mind that is in question .
with mind all is opposite ; minds are not [large] , do not apparently obey physical laws , can not be directly observed or inspected , unless it is my own mind that is in question .

This involves a substantial intercalation of neurons to form an association area between the sensory and motor parts of the elementary brain .
this involves a [large] intercalation of neurons to form an association area between the sensory and motor parts of the elementary brain .

We give substantial aid to the relief of poverty and to help the struggling economies of the developing world .
we give [large] aid to the relief of poverty and to help the struggling economies of the developing world .

This led to the rapid growth of the private courier industry , with substantial benefits to business users .
this led to the rapid growth of the private courier industry , with [large] benefits to business users .

We will continue to provide substantial financial assistance for the protection and preservation of this heritage .
we will continue to provide [large] financial assistance for the protection and preservation of this heritage .

Below : Cotswold 's Cheltenham gives you a substantial double garage at a budget price . The silver stipple is one of a choice of three finishes ; side-hung pine door is standard
below : cotswold 's cheltenham gives you a [large] double garage at a budget price . the silver stipple is one of a choice of three finishes ; side-hung pine door is standard

The operation of this 3 % in three year rule is likely to be unduly restrictive when it first applies because of the expected need to grant substantial new options to sharesave scheme participants and at the same time allow for the first allocations under the proposed executive share option scheme .
the operation of this 3 % in three year rule is likely to be unduly restrictive when it first applies because of the expected need to grant [large] new options to sharesave scheme participants and at the same time allow for the first allocations under the proposed executive share option scheme .

And , do n't forget that if you make substantial improvements to your home , it may increase its value .
and , do n't forget that if you make [large] improvements to your home , it may increase its value .

And start the 21st Century with a substantial cash sum , which is yours to spend any way you wish — on improvements to your home , a new car , a special holiday .
and start the 21st century with a [large] cash sum , which is yours to spend any way you wish — on improvements to your home , a new car , a special holiday .

And you could collect a substantial cash sum free of personal taxation under current legislation in the year 2001 .
and you could collect a [large] cash sum free of personal taxation under current legislation in the year 2001 .

If your business is located in an area where coal or steel works have been closed , you could be eligible for the substantial benefits of a European Coal and Steel Community Job Creation Loan .
if your business is located in an area where coal or steel works have been closed , you could be eligible for the [large] benefits of a european coal and steel community job creation loan .

It tends to occur therefore when there is a slight , not substantial , imbalance of power .
it tends to occur therefore when there is a slight , not [large] , imbalance of power .

You will increase the chances of your report being acted upon if you plan to invest a substantial amount of time , at least as much as in the writing stage , on promoting your report .
you will increase the chances of your report being acted upon if you plan to invest a [large] amount of time , at least as much as in the writing stage , on promoting your report .

there are substantial gains for you
there are [large] gains for you

there are substantial gains for others .
there are [large] gains for others .

Should a serious accident strike , there is a plan that pays you substantial cash benefits to help you rebuild your family 's future .
should a serious accident strike , there is a plan that pays you [large] cash benefits to help you rebuild your family 's future .

The Plan will pay substantial cash benefits directly to you , free of income tax under current Inland Revenue regulations , if you are permanently disabled as a result of an accident .
the plan will pay [large] cash benefits directly to you , free of income tax under current inland revenue regulations , if you are permanently disabled as a result of an accident .

NatWest Insurance Services , the insurance broking Company of NatWest Bank , are pleased to offer you this attractive savings opportunity designed to produce a substantial cash sum in the year 2001 .
natwest insurance services , the insurance broking company of natwest bank , are pleased to offer you this attractive savings opportunity designed to produce a [large] cash sum in the year 2001 .

Should a serious accident strike , there is a Plan that pays you substantial cash benefits to help you rebuild your family 's future . Dear Mr and Mrs Jacks
should a serious accident strike , there is a plan that pays you [large] cash benefits to help you rebuild your family 's future . dear mr and mrs jacks

The Plan will pay substantial cash benefits directly to you , free of income tax under current Inland Revenue regulations , if you are permanently disabled as the result of an accident .
the plan will pay [large] cash benefits directly to you , free of income tax under current inland revenue regulations , if you are permanently disabled as the result of an accident .

But because they had taken out a personal accident insurance , they or their beneficiaries received a substantial cash lump sum just when they needed it most .
but because they had taken out a personal accident insurance , they or their beneficiaries received a [large] cash lump sum just when they needed it most .

Celebrate the year 2001 with a substantial cash sum and enjoy a valuable free gift now … plus automatically-increasing life assurance — through a special savings opportunity for NatWest Customers , arranged by NatWest Insurance Services , the Bank 's insurance broking Company .
celebrate the year 2001 with a [large] cash sum and enjoy a valuable free gift now … plus automatically-increasing life assurance — through a special savings opportunity for natwest customers , arranged by natwest insurance services , the bank 's insurance broking company .

As your personal illustration shows , this Plan is designed to produce a substantial sum in the year 2001 , which under current legislation if free from personal taxation ( Clerical Medical will have paid any taxes due on its life fund ) .
as your personal illustration shows , this plan is designed to produce a [large] sum in the year 2001 , which under current legislation if free from personal taxation ( clerical medical will have paid any taxes due on its life fund ) .

The difficulty was that a man of this calibre would almost certainly have to be prepared to take a substantial drop in salary .
the difficulty was that a man of this calibre would almost certainly have to be prepared to take a [large] drop in salary .

Substantial puddings like these were once a vital fuel and restorative for those who laboured in the fields .
[large] puddings like these were once a vital fuel and restorative for those who laboured in the fields .

So , in tasks where the effects of fatigue are substantial ( Groups 3 , 5 , and 7 ) peak performance will occur about noon rather than late in the afternoon ( see fig .
so , in tasks where the effects of fatigue are [large] ( groups 3 , 5 , and 7 ) peak performance will occur about noon rather than late in the afternoon ( see fig .

If your stay in the new time zone is brief ( 1 or 2 days ) , then a substantial adjustment to it is unlikely .
if your stay in the new time zone is brief ( 1 or 2 days ) , then a [large] adjustment to it is unlikely .

He describes the passion fruit mousse as the perfect dessert to finish a fairly rich and substantial meal .
he describes the passion fruit mousse as the perfect dessert to finish a fairly rich and [large] meal .

Hence , in 1839 , the Arun Navigation Company erected a substantial brick-built warehouse on the Newbridge site and this wharf quickly became a busy centre for the collection and conveyance of agricultural produce from the Billingshurst area until competition from the newly constructed railway robbed the canal of most of its traffic in the late 1860s .
hence , in 1839 , the arun navigation company erected a [large] brick-built warehouse on the newbridge site and this wharf quickly became a busy centre for the collection and conveyance of agricultural produce from the billingshurst area until competition from the newly constructed railway robbed the canal of most of its traffic in the late 1860s .

On these members 75mm ( 3in ) thick pine floorboards are fixed , performing a structural function as well as providing a floor surface sufficiently substantial to resist the heavy loads imposed by stored textiles .
on these members 75mm ( 3in ) thick pine floorboards are fixed , performing a structural function as well as providing a floor surface sufficiently [large] to resist the heavy loads imposed by stored textiles .

The Lewises ’ substantial house in Belfast was finally sold for £2,300 , seven months after their purchase of The Kilns .
the lewises ’ [large] house in belfast was finally sold for £2,300 , seven months after their purchase of the kilns .

There is no sense here of any engagement with the writer on what the script should be like , nor does Hepworth anticipate substantial work being done on the text after his initial moments of introspection .
there is no sense here of any engagement with the writer on what the script should be like , nor does hepworth anticipate [large] work being done on the text after his initial moments of introspection .

The Lodger represented a substantial step forward for British filmmaking .
the lodger represented a [large] step forward for british filmmaking .

New companies were set up by public subscription , and there was a substantial increase in the number of films produced .
new companies were set up by public subscription , and there was a [large] increase in the number of films produced .

The quantity of talented filmmakers coming through the quota mill was not substantial .
the quantity of talented filmmakers coming through the quota mill was not [large] .

’ Such enthusiasm may have had as much to do with the excited nationalism of wartime , as any substantial appreciation of these films ' merits , and it should not be supposed that British filmmakers had universally gone from being dull and unimaginative to become masters of the cinematic art .
’ such enthusiasm may have had as much to do with the excited nationalism of wartime , as any [large] appreciation of these films ' merits , and it should not be supposed that british filmmakers had universally gone from being dull and unimaginative to become masters of the cinematic art .

Filmmakers settled down to live with the Americans , having decided against launching any further substantial challenges on their home turf .
filmmakers settled down to live with the americans , having decided against launching any further [large] challenges on their home turf .

But there remains in Karnataka a substantial rump of the old Janata Party , which gave the country its only brief and disastrous respite from Congress rule from 1977 to 1979 .
but there remains in karnataka a [large] rump of the old janata party , which gave the country its only brief and disastrous respite from congress rule from 1977 to 1979 .

The first meal of the day should be substantial , otherwise you 're likely to feel hungry later . Good low-fat ways to start the day include :
the first meal of the day should be [large] , otherwise you 're likely to feel hungry later . good low-fat ways to start the day include :

Include prawns for a special treat or add chicken or ham for a really substantial meal .
include prawns for a special treat or add chicken or ham for a really [large] meal .

The Youth Club of the Paris Commune as it was officially known , or the ‘ Paree ’ as its more irreverent members called it , was a gimcrack affair , cracked concrete and cheap plastic panels , tucked beside the inevitable block of flats , and a health centre , but it was well equipped : table tennis , television , a library , a concert room , a rather more substantial annexe for weight lifting , a hall which doubled up for meetings of the Free German Youth and dancing , and a comfortable lounge where one could buy coffee and soft drinks .
the youth club of the paris commune as it was officially known , or the ‘ paree ’ as its more irreverent members called it , was a gimcrack affair , cracked concrete and cheap plastic panels , tucked beside the inevitable block of flats , and a health centre , but it was well equipped : table tennis , television , a library , a concert room , a rather more [large] annexe for weight lifting , a hall which doubled up for meetings of the free german youth and dancing , and a comfortable lounge where one could buy coffee and soft drinks .

But , if this argument is valid , then taxation ensures that the Government is itself a very substantial beneficiary .
but , if this argument is valid , then taxation ensures that the government is itself a very [large] beneficiary .

The leaked financial projections show that the Government is giving the authorities substantial leaway for raising dividends in real terms over the next 10 years .
the leaked financial projections show that the government is giving the authorities [large] leaway for raising dividends in real terms over the next 10 years .

The Chancellor won substantial backing from speakers in the economic debate .
the chancellor won [large] backing from speakers in the economic debate .

During the First World War a box of matches cost 1d and a matchbox grip 4d : a price just substantial enough to warrant a ‘ Thank you ’ when given free to a pub or grocer 's store customer , and just substantial enough to make money for a stationer or the many charities which sold them .
during the first world war a box of matches cost 1d and a matchbox grip 4d : a price just [large] enough to warrant a ‘ thank you ’ when given free to a pub or grocer 's store customer , and just [large] enough to make money for a stationer or the many charities which sold them .

These are paradoxical results in the light of the substantial cost increases .
these are paradoxical results in the light of the [large] cost increases .

Whether he will be as successful again is open to doubt , because his own playing career was then an issue and he had substantial sympathy backing both inside and outside the committee and membership .
whether he will be as successful again is open to doubt , because his own playing career was then an issue and he had [large] sympathy backing both inside and outside the committee and membership .

Five years later , and after an initial ‘ thrashing ’ by Birmingham for the British nomination , the bid is more substantial than a local headline , £2 million more , the Duke of Westminster and a dozen of Britain 's blue-chip companies and corporations each persuaded by Scott 's vision of a North-west renaissance to dip into their accounts for at least £100,000 .
five years later , and after an initial ‘ thrashing ’ by birmingham for the british nomination , the bid is more [large] than a local headline , £2 million more , the duke of westminster and a dozen of britain 's blue-chip companies and corporations each persuaded by scott 's vision of a north-west renaissance to dip into their accounts for at least £100,000 .

Although insulation and draught-proofing are the best ways to save money on heating bills , there are many other things you can do which , when combined , can make substantial savings .
although insulation and draught-proofing are the best ways to save money on heating bills , there are many other things you can do which , when combined , can make [large] savings .

Venturi was a university teacher , son of a famous father , Adolpho Venturi , who had made a substantial contribution to the publication of documents of Italian art .
venturi was a university teacher , son of a famous father , adolpho venturi , who had made a [large] contribution to the publication of documents of italian art .

Despite the official socialist tendencies of these two parties , a substantial number of their voters do not appear to question the maintenance of a capitalist-type class structure in a new Ireland .
despite the official socialist tendencies of these two parties , a [large] number of their voters do not appear to question the maintenance of a capitalist-type class structure in a new ireland .

Secondly , and in contrast with this respect for the state 's monopoly of violence , because the provisionals seek to destroy the Northern dominance of protestant loyalists with a view to restoring ‘ the historic integrity of Ireland ’ , there is and will remain substantial support from among the Southern population for the violence the provisionals actually commit in the North .
secondly , and in contrast with this respect for the state 's monopoly of violence , because the provisionals seek to destroy the northern dominance of protestant loyalists with a view to restoring ‘ the historic integrity of ireland ’ , there is and will remain [large] support from among the southern population for the violence the provisionals actually commit in the north .

One remembers the substantial surge in Provisional support in the North on the occasion of the hunger strikes of 1981 , and the impact they had on Northern catholic — nationalist consciousness , one which Cox himself acknowledges .
one remembers the [large] surge in provisional support in the north on the occasion of the hunger strikes of 1981 , and the impact they had on northern catholic — nationalist consciousness , one which cox himself acknowledges .

By the week of the referendum , an Irish Times opinion poll had a clear and substantial majority against the amendment , 45 per cent for and 55 per cent against ( Irish Times , 25 June 1986 ) .
by the week of the referendum , an irish times opinion poll had a clear and [large] majority against the amendment , 45 per cent for and 55 per cent against ( irish times , 25 june 1986 ) .

Firstly , it was not until the 1930s that a substantial sector of education arose which was not directly under church control .
firstly , it was not until the 1930s that a [large] sector of education arose which was not directly under church control .

In 1990/91 we carried forward a substantial reserve which allowed us to meet greater than expected demands .
in 1990/91 we carried forward a [large] reserve which allowed us to meet greater than expected demands .

Wimbledon as usual , led the way , with the first substantial grant .
wimbledon as usual , led the way , with the first [large] grant .

We have had a substantial reduction over the past 10 years .
we have had a [large] reduction over the past 10 years .

In fact , in the mature Italian dried pasta market it is the only sector showing a substantial increase .
in fact , in the mature italian dried pasta market it is the only sector showing a [large] increase .

Marie Ferrand of La Gîte du Tourne-Pierre , Challans , filled the plates with half a crawfish , stuffed Bouzigues mussels , spinach caillettes and a substantial shellfish cannelloni .
marie ferrand of la gîte du tourne-pierre , challans , filled the plates with half a crawfish , stuffed bouzigues mussels , spinach caillettes and a [large] shellfish cannelloni .

Despite a substantial reward being offered , it was never recovered .
despite a [large] reward being offered , it was never recovered .

Almost all successful and substantial talents spend years in reassessment , reorganization and the bewilderment of impending failure before fate deals a sideways measure of success which invariably comes from the direction of least expectation .
almost all successful and [large] talents spend years in reassessment , reorganization and the bewilderment of impending failure before fate deals a sideways measure of success which invariably comes from the direction of least expectation .

‘ William , It Was Really Nothing ’ had a backbone made of a far more substantial nature .
‘ william , it was really nothing ’ had a backbone made of a far more [large] nature .

The food is dumpling-based , substantial , and it would be kinder to draw a veil over the indigenous wine lake .
the food is dumpling-based , [large] , and it would be kinder to draw a veil over the indigenous wine lake .

If they were not , then the voluntary bodies would be unable to match State provision and must therefore oppose any substantial alteration to the status quo .
if they were not , then the voluntary bodies would be unable to match state provision and must therefore oppose any [large] alteration to the status quo .

The Act of 1944 remains the one substantial legislative achievement of the wartime coalition .
the act of 1944 remains the one [large] legislative achievement of the wartime coalition .

At the same time , it was clear there was a substantial need for boarding education throughout the country , and that this need was not being met .
at the same time , it was clear there was a [large] need for boarding education throughout the country , and that this need was not being met .

When Capital Transfer Tax was introduced in 1975 substantial exemptions were granted for outstanding historic houses , their contents and amenity land ( and provisions made for maintenance funds ) in return for public access and undertakings for conservation .
when capital transfer tax was introduced in 1975 [large] exemptions were granted for outstanding historic houses , their contents and amenity land ( and provisions made for maintenance funds ) in return for public access and undertakings for conservation .

There are , however , some houses where the institutional additions are just too substantial to demolish , or represent an investment that will prompt someone to offer a higher price .
there are , however , some houses where the institutional additions are just too [large] to demolish , or represent an investment that will prompt someone to offer a higher price .

He makes a point of acquiring a substantial area of grounds , not just the lawns immediately around the house , but the walled gardens and shrubberies beyond , running to twenty or even fifty acres .
he makes a point of acquiring a [large] area of grounds , not just the lawns immediately around the house , but the walled gardens and shrubberies beyond , running to twenty or even fifty acres .

As a result of the meeting and subsequent publicity , it was resolved that the council would indeed proceed with compulsory purchase , that study would be undertaken to explore new uses for the building and that English Heritage would grant substantial aid for repairs .
as a result of the meeting and subsequent publicity , it was resolved that the council would indeed proceed with compulsory purchase , that study would be undertaken to explore new uses for the building and that english heritage would grant [large] aid for repairs .

Many chapels have an important asset in the form of substantial ancillary accommodation .
many chapels have an important asset in the form of [large] ancillary accommodation .

While substantial fees are now payable for planning applications relative to the size of the building , the charge for a simple change of use may be a smaller fixed fee .
while [large] fees are now payable for planning applications relative to the size of the building , the charge for a simple change of use may be a smaller fixed fee .

However , the Historic Buildings Council for Scotland has increasingly been able to give some very substantial grants towards churches , ensuring that churches faced with closure because of a repairs crisis have been able to continue in use .
however , the historic buildings council for scotland has increasingly been able to give some very [large] grants towards churches , ensuring that churches faced with closure because of a repairs crisis have been able to continue in use .

These , if they proceed on a large scale , can have the damaging effect of taking custom away from the town centre on a substantial scale .
these , if they proceed on a large scale , can have the damaging effect of taking custom away from the town centre on a [large] scale .

Efforts should be made to preserve not just the facades but a substantial part of the interior as well , and possibly the whole building .
efforts should be made to preserve not just the facades but a [large] part of the interior as well , and possibly the whole building .

This represents a very substantial penalty and will undoubtedly make other owners and builders much more cautious over alterations .
this represents a very [large] penalty and will undoubtedly make other owners and builders much more cautious over alterations .

Demolishing them simply to rebuild , albeit in an almost identical form , involves the consumption of substantial raw materials and energy and never quite captures the spirit of the building that stood there before .
demolishing them simply to rebuild , albeit in an almost identical form , involves the consumption of [large] raw materials and energy and never quite captures the spirit of the building that stood there before .

Any substantial town or city faced with competition from out of town shopping needs to ensure its historic centre is a pleasant and welcoming place for people to come and shop and browse ; and a lively , colourful market forms a natural focal point .
any [large] town or city faced with competition from out of town shopping needs to ensure its historic centre is a pleasant and welcoming place for people to come and shop and browse ; and a lively , colourful market forms a natural focal point .

’ In the adventure of everyday life , on the other hand , the characters are affected by the events ( however fantastic ) that befall them , and the progression of changes fixes the order of events , giving a materiality to space as the scene of transformation and metamorphosis : ‘ Space becomes concrete and saturated with a time that is more substantial .
’ in the adventure of everyday life , on the other hand , the characters are affected by the events ( however fantastic ) that befall them , and the progression of changes fixes the order of events , giving a materiality to space as the scene of transformation and metamorphosis : ‘ space becomes concrete and saturated with a time that is more [large] .

The only other substantial left review was to be found in The Morning Star where Jeff Sawtell found the film politically distinctive because it was ( unusually ) a film ‘ from within the class ’ rather than simply being about the class .
the only other [large] left review was to be found in the morning star where jeff sawtell found the film politically distinctive because it was ( unusually ) a film ‘ from within the class ’ rather than simply being about the class .

In the experiment of 25th May 1940 , the treatment of four mice with penicillin required a substantial fraction of all the material so far extracted .
in the experiment of 25th may 1940 , the treatment of four mice with penicillin required a [large] fraction of all the material so far extracted .

The 1941 paper from Oxford led to some comments in the press , which included reference to Fleming and to Oxford , but Fleming 's first substantial clinical observation with penicillin appears to have occurred in August 1942 , when a patient , an employee of Fleming 's brother 's optical firm , was failing to respond to treatment for meningitis in St Mary 's Hospital .
the 1941 paper from oxford led to some comments in the press , which included reference to fleming and to oxford , but fleming 's first [large] clinical observation with penicillin appears to have occurred in august 1942 , when a patient , an employee of fleming 's brother 's optical firm , was failing to respond to treatment for meningitis in st mary 's hospital .

Epidemiologists have incriminated substances and circumstances , and identified potentially carcinogenic material , such as tobacco smoke and tobacco tar , showing how a substantial burden of cancer could be prevented by avoiding exposure to the sources of carcinogens .
epidemiologists have incriminated substances and circumstances , and identified potentially carcinogenic material , such as tobacco smoke and tobacco tar , showing how a [large] burden of cancer could be prevented by avoiding exposure to the sources of carcinogens .

Their tissues showed changes due to cancerous destruction , and contained substantial amounts of radioactive material , evidently absorbed because of the girls ' practice of licking the tips of their paint brushes to achieve a finer point .
their tissues showed changes due to cancerous destruction , and contained [large] amounts of radioactive material , evidently absorbed because of the girls ' practice of licking the tips of their paint brushes to achieve a finer point .

As crystallization occurs only when a substantial fraction of the molecules present are alike in size , composition , and shape , this achievement implied that the protein crystallized had a definite molecular structure .
as crystallization occurs only when a [large] fraction of the molecules present are alike in size , composition , and shape , this achievement implied that the protein crystallized had a definite molecular structure .

Allopurinol has withstood substantial trials , and remains a standard drug for the treatment of gout .
allopurinol has withstood [large] trials , and remains a standard drug for the treatment of gout .

As early as 1913 , when the British Medical Research Committee ( later Council ) was established ( see Chapter 4 ) , cancer was the major topic to which it did not direct attention , because a charitable find , the Imperial Cancer Research Fund , was already making substantial provision .
as early as 1913 , when the british medical research committee ( later council ) was established ( see chapter 4 ) , cancer was the major topic to which it did not direct attention , because a charitable find , the imperial cancer research fund , was already making [large] provision .

Substantial sums have been spent in the deliberate search for medicinal plants , and they have seldom been rewarded .
[large] sums have been spent in the deliberate search for medicinal plants , and they have seldom been rewarded .

The most promising compounds were selected and studied in many laboratories , and in the next few years a substantial number of monoamine oxidase inhibitors went into clinical trials , and some into widespread clinical use .
the most promising compounds were selected and studied in many laboratories , and in the next few years a [large] number of monoamine oxidase inhibitors went into clinical trials , and some into widespread clinical use .

Many compounds , more or less related to morphine , have been prepared and tested , and a substantial list of alternative drugs provides possible substitutes with merits for particular purposes .
many compounds , more or less related to morphine , have been prepared and tested , and a [large] list of alternative drugs provides possible substitutes with merits for particular purposes .

His compact and substantial build denotes great strength , agility and endurance .
his compact and [large] build denotes great strength , agility and endurance .

These libraries are now represented by the Association of Independent Libraries , made up entirely of Britain 's surviving subscription libraries of which the most substantial is the London Library , this year celebrating its 150th anniversary .
these libraries are now represented by the association of independent libraries , made up entirely of britain 's surviving subscription libraries of which the most [large] is the london library , this year celebrating its 150th anniversary .

In his report published two days ago in which he accused the Department of Trade and Industry of ‘ substantial maladministration ’ over the Barlow Clowes affair , Sir Anthony wrote : ‘ He ( the liquidator ) believed that the warrant for her arrest still remained outstanding .
in his report published two days ago in which he accused the department of trade and industry of ‘ [large] maladministration ’ over the barlow clowes affair , sir anthony wrote : ‘ he ( the liquidator ) believed that the warrant for her arrest still remained outstanding .

Farrington Stead failed in the early part of 1981 owing substantial debts to Hedderwick Stirling Grumbar , a London stockbroker .
farrington stead failed in the early part of 1981 owing [large] debts to hedderwick stirling grumbar , a london stockbroker .

The film star Arnold Schwarzenegger accepted substantial undisclosed libel damages and apologies in the High Court for allegations in the News of the World in February 1988 that he held ‘ fervent Nazi and anti-semitic views ’ and was a ‘ secret admirer of Hitler ’ .
the film star arnold schwarzenegger accepted [large] undisclosed libel damages and apologies in the high court for allegations in the news of the world in february 1988 that he held ‘ fervent nazi and anti-semitic views ’ and was a ‘ secret admirer of hitler ’ .

She had £8,000 in the Gibraltar fund , a substantial slice of which was providing her with a monthly income .
she had £8,000 in the gibraltar fund , a [large] slice of which was providing her with a monthly income .

Anyone crossing the Atlantic ( on a cash only bucket shop fare ) will quickly find filling stations only too happy to offer a substantial cash discount at the pump .
anyone crossing the atlantic ( on a cash only bucket shop fare ) will quickly find filling stations only too happy to offer a [large] cash discount at the pump .

But given the ‘ exceptional circumstances ’ and ‘ out of respect ’ for the Ombudsman , substantial tax-free payments would be made .
but given the ‘ exceptional circumstances ’ and ‘ out of respect ’ for the ombudsman , [large] tax-free payments would be made .

The cuts , which emerged in the new British Rail corporate plan for the early 1990s , will mean substantial real increases in passenger fares for the foreseeable future , more one-off sales of railway property , fewer jobs and substitution of rail services with buses insome rural areas .
the cuts , which emerged in the new british rail corporate plan for the early 1990s , will mean [large] real increases in passenger fares for the foreseeable future , more one-off sales of railway property , fewer jobs and substitution of rail services with buses insome rural areas .

Xerox further claims that Apple copied substantial portions of its Lisa and Macintosh Finder programs , including the design and appearance of the main application windows , dialogue boxes and menu , and some of the icons used .
xerox further claims that apple copied [large] portions of its lisa and macintosh finder programs , including the design and appearance of the main application windows , dialogue boxes and menu , and some of the icons used .

Nevertheless , the review represents substantial progress .
nevertheless , the review represents [large] progress .

Mr Justice Douglas Brown said that the defendants were negligent ( 1 ) in failing to appreciate that they were dealing with a husband of substantial means who might well be able to afford to pay , not only a lump sum , but also substantial periodical payments ; ( 2 ) in failing to obtain full disclosure of the husband 's financial affairs ; ( 3 ) in failing to realise that because of family trusts and wills the husband had an expectation of further assets ; ( 4 ) in advising the wife to obtain a mortgage when she had no taxable income ; ( 5 ) in recommending a settlement which removed the wife 's undoubted right to maintenance ; and ( 6 ) in failing to use ouster proceedings to remove the husband from the matrimonial home .
mr justice douglas brown said that the defendants were negligent ( 1 ) in failing to appreciate that they were dealing with a husband of [large] means who might well be able to afford to pay , not only a lump sum , but also [large] periodical payments ; ( 2 ) in failing to obtain full disclosure of the husband 's financial affairs ; ( 3 ) in failing to realise that because of family trusts and wills the husband had an expectation of further assets ; ( 4 ) in advising the wife to obtain a mortgage when she had no taxable income ; ( 5 ) in recommending a settlement which removed the wife 's undoubted right to maintenance ; and ( 6 ) in failing to use ouster proceedings to remove the husband from the matrimonial home .

Eventually the by now substantial crowds are ushered along the walls towards the square by the barely adolescent soldiers , some of whom ask for cigarettes as they do so .
eventually the by now [large] crowds are ushered along the walls towards the square by the barely adolescent soldiers , some of whom ask for cigarettes as they do so .

But despite its claims to instigate a pluralist society , the new constitution places substantial powers in the hands of the Council of National Salvation and is accompanied by the appointment of military personnel to key political positions .
but despite its claims to instigate a pluralist society , the new constitution places [large] powers in the hands of the council of national salvation and is accompanied by the appointment of military personnel to key political positions .

It will mean that a very substantial number of people who might have left Hong Kong will stay .
it will mean that a very [large] number of people who might have left hong kong will stay .

Apart from bestowing long overdue financial independence on married women , the changes also offer couples the chance of substantial tax savings .
apart from bestowing long overdue financial independence on married women , the changes also offer couples the chance of [large] tax savings .

Never before were they faced with the threat of losing substantial numbers of accounts .
never before were they faced with the threat of losing [large] numbers of accounts .

The Central Statistical Office has reduced its guesstimate of the expected monthly surplus from £300million to £100million , though it stresses the figures are subject to ‘ substantial ’ revision .
the central statistical office has reduced its guesstimate of the expected monthly surplus from £300million to £100million , though it stresses the figures are subject to ‘ [large] ’ revision .

The decision will bring more criticism of the public transport policies being adopted by Mr Cecil Parkinson , the Transport Secretary , who was under fire this week for forcing substantial increases in British Rail fares into the 1990s .
the decision will bring more criticism of the public transport policies being adopted by mr cecil parkinson , the transport secretary , who was under fire this week for forcing [large] increases in british rail fares into the 1990s .

The plan amounts to substantial price cuts , aimed at Ford 's Fiesta , which has achieved record sales in Italy .
the plan amounts to [large] price cuts , aimed at ford 's fiesta , which has achieved record sales in italy .

Here , the front wheels scrabbled for grip , slithering across a hairpin as the turbo power overtook the capacity of the American Michelin tyres to transfer such substantial clout to the ground .
here , the front wheels scrabbled for grip , slithering across a hairpin as the turbo power overtook the capacity of the american michelin tyres to transfer such [large] clout to the ground .

The Cabinet accepted the recommendation that a substantial British aircraft industry was required to hold off competition , and should be developed with more than just the Empire in mind ; also the premise that work on new aircraft should proceed under government direction , with the Treasury accepting responsibility for new types .
the cabinet accepted the recommendation that a [large] british aircraft industry was required to hold off competition , and should be developed with more than just the empire in mind ; also the premise that work on new aircraft should proceed under government direction , with the treasury accepting responsibility for new types .

It also involved a very substantial outflow of government expenditure abroad , as well as foreign investment .
it also involved a very [large] outflow of government expenditure abroad , as well as foreign investment .

In addition , the effects of overseas political and military expenditure were not exhausted by the more or less direct effects on the balance of payments but obviously also involved tying up substantial numbers of men in the armed forces and the supply industries .
in addition , the effects of overseas political and military expenditure were not exhausted by the more or less direct effects on the balance of payments but obviously also involved tying up [large] numbers of men in the armed forces and the supply industries .

One offer he describes as ‘ managing quite a lot of money ’ and the other was a partnership in a substantial firm of solicitors .
one offer he describes as ‘ managing quite a lot of money ’ and the other was a partnership in a [large] firm of solicitors .

There are , no doubt , many modern methods of construction , including far-reaching standardisation and various forms of prefabrication , which , developed and applied over years , would produce permanent and substantial economies .
there are , no doubt , many modern methods of construction , including far-reaching standardisation and various forms of prefabrication , which , developed and applied over years , would produce permanent and [large] economies .

This is the logical consequence of bringing the building industry to full productivity ; otherwise , the absurd situation is reached that housing , unlike any other normal necessity of life , is something with which a substantial proportion of the population can never be provided at a decent standard without subsidy .
this is the logical consequence of bringing the building industry to full productivity ; otherwise , the absurd situation is reached that housing , unlike any other normal necessity of life , is something with which a [large] proportion of the population can never be provided at a decent standard without subsidy .

So , the answer is that the strongest motives restrain Governments from limiting the rate of growth of public expenditure to that rate which they could be sure of meeting within the growth of the national product and thus without any substantial increase in taxation but also without relying upon borrowing and without monetisation of debt .
so , the answer is that the strongest motives restrain governments from limiting the rate of growth of public expenditure to that rate which they could be sure of meeting within the growth of the national product and thus without any [large] increase in taxation but also without relying upon borrowing and without monetisation of debt .

To complicate matters further , substantial changes in criminal and penal law were made by the Criminal Justice Act , 1967 .
to complicate matters further , [large] changes in criminal and penal law were made by the criminal justice act , 1967 .

Substantial foreign aid had helped ; weather conditions seemed likely to give good crop yields , and the early returns of the spring harvest had provided a new supply of food .
[large] foreign aid had helped ; weather conditions seemed likely to give good crop yields , and the early returns of the spring harvest had provided a new supply of food .

More problematic is the way in which such a dislocation has led to the acceptance of her ‘ Mexicanness ’ as mere decoration of the essentially feminist themes of her work , thereby defusing a substantial part of the art described by Breton as a ‘ ribbon round a bomb ’ .
more problematic is the way in which such a dislocation has led to the acceptance of her ‘ mexicanness ’ as mere decoration of the essentially feminist themes of her work , thereby defusing a [large] part of the art described by breton as a ‘ ribbon round a bomb ’ .

What is it that makes this substantial book produce , mixed-in with its rewards and knowledge , a depressing effect ?
what is it that makes this [large] book produce , mixed-in with its rewards and knowledge , a depressing effect ?

It is ‘ of course ’ unlikely that Callinicos ' criticism will cut much ice with those whose substantial career investments lie in one or another of the postmodern 's corners : movementist politics , the radical academy , post this-ism and that-ism , a variety of well-upholstered ‘ dissenting ’ niches from both the dominant culture and traditional opposition to it .
it is ‘ of course ’ unlikely that callinicos ' criticism will cut much ice with those whose [large] career investments lie in one or another of the postmodern 's corners : movementist politics , the radical academy , post this-ism and that-ism , a variety of well-upholstered ‘ dissenting ’ niches from both the dominant culture and traditional opposition to it .

It is not the means to an end conceived elsewhere : but an ‘ as if ’ , no less substantial than the as if of revolution itself .
it is not the means to an end conceived elsewhere : but an ‘ as if ’ , no less [large] than the as if of revolution itself .

successful showcases can create substantial industry interest in a band , but if you are going to pull out all the stops , you have to spend a lot of money with no guarantee of a positive result .
successful showcases can create [large] industry interest in a band , but if you are going to pull out all the stops , you have to spend a lot of money with no guarantee of a positive result .

Singles released by major , established artists often benefit from a substantial marketing campaign , with posters and media advertising .
singles released by major , established artists often benefit from a [large] marketing campaign , with posters and media advertising .

However , managers put a lot of time , energy and commitment into their artist 's careers ( as well as a substantial financial investment ) , so it would be unfair for the manager to be dismissed at a moment 's notice , just because the artist fancied a change of management .
however , managers put a lot of time , energy and commitment into their artist 's careers ( as well as a [large] financial investment ) , so it would be unfair for the manager to be dismissed at a moment 's notice , just because the artist fancied a change of management .

Nothing substantial enough to stop the noise going straight downstairs into the bars
nothing [large] enough to stop the noise going straight downstairs into the bars

As the year ended the events in the Gulf reminded us sharply that we can not take peach and freedom for granted , and that substantial risks continue to be faced by those serving in the Royal Air Force .
as the year ended the events in the gulf reminded us sharply that we can not take peach and freedom for granted , and that [large] risks continue to be faced by those serving in the royal air force .

Substantial increases on the previous year were made by 446 Branches , 138 Branches sustained their last year 's contribution , which in many cases had already been a record , and only 43 were significantly down .
[large] increases on the previous year were made by 446 branches , 138 branches sustained their last year 's contribution , which in many cases had already been a record , and only 43 were significantly down .

Even though the long , hot summer took its toll on audiences , the generous support of Cannon Cinemas still provided the Association with the substantial sum of £88,358 .
even though the long , hot summer took its toll on audiences , the generous support of cannon cinemas still provided the association with the [large] sum of £88,358 .

Substantial donations , in cash and kind , have been received from charitable trusts , commercial and industrial concerns , and many kind and generous individuals .
[large] donations , in cash and kind , have been received from charitable trusts , commercial and industrial concerns , and many kind and generous individuals .

Other centrally sponsored events , including a Film Premier and the Battle of Britain Ball , raised substantial sums for the Appeal and the Association 's links with the Rugby League led directly to a donation to the Appeal by the League of £10,000 at the Rugby League 1990 Challenge Cup Final at Wembley .
other centrally sponsored events , including a film premier and the battle of britain ball , raised [large] sums for the appeal and the association 's links with the rugby league led directly to a donation to the appeal by the league of £10,000 at the rugby league 1990 challenge cup final at wembley .

Central Council thanks all those Branches and individuals who worked so hard to ensure that the Association 's contribution to this Appeal was so substantial .
central council thanks all those branches and individuals who worked so hard to ensure that the association 's contribution to this appeal was so [large] .

1990 was a year of substantial achievement for the Association in terms of development of welfare facilities and in fund-raising .
1990 was a year of [large] achievement for the association in terms of development of welfare facilities and in fund-raising .

The top rate of finance , giving the whole of your mobility supplement for five years will not cover the cost of most cars , so you will have to find a substantial deposit .
the top rate of finance , giving the whole of your mobility supplement for five years will not cover the cost of most cars , so you will have to find a [large] deposit .

In considering priorities for the future it would be sensible to assume a substantial increase in welfare need combined with a decrease in government support .
in considering priorities for the future it would be sensible to assume a [large] increase in welfare need combined with a decrease in government support .

The effect of taxes and social benefits had achieved ‘ a substantial redistribution towards equality ’ .
the effect of taxes and social benefits had achieved ‘ a [large] redistribution towards equality ’ .

But that there was need for a substantial change in British society was a widespread conclusion .
but that there was need for a [large] change in british society was a widespread conclusion .

Even so , the unions ' power to strike and picket remained substantial ; Tebbit found himself unable to outlaw the closed shop entirely .
even so , the unions ' power to strike and picket remained [large] ; tebbit found himself unable to outlaw the closed shop entirely .

Substantial cash help has also come from the National Heritage Memorial Fund ( £40,000 ) , the Countryside Commission for Scotland ( £40,000 ) , the Christopher Brasher Trust ( £30,000 ) and many others .
[large] cash help has also come from the national heritage memorial fund ( £40,000 ) , the countryside commission for scotland ( £40,000 ) , the christopher brasher trust ( £30,000 ) and many others .

The thirty-four English clubs examined by Tony Mason were mostly run by smallish groups of substantial shareholders , though shareholding was sometimes quite widely distributed as in the case of Woolwich Arsenal with 900 manual workers holding shares in 1893 .
the thirty-four english clubs examined by tony mason were mostly run by smallish groups of [large] shareholders , though shareholding was sometimes quite widely distributed as in the case of woolwich arsenal with 900 manual workers holding shares in 1893 .

Dooley 's personal tragedy was so awful — he was so young and talented and he took the blow with such heroic , idiotic stoicism ( ‘ It 's my one regret that the ball did n't finish in the net ’ ) — that a substantial sum was raised for him and he later went to work for the club .
dooley 's personal tragedy was so awful — he was so young and talented and he took the blow with such heroic , idiotic stoicism ( ‘ it 's my one regret that the ball did n't finish in the net ’ ) — that a [large] sum was raised for him and he later went to work for the club .

Until the 1950s there were few tournaments with substantial amounts of prize-money .
until the 1950s there were few tournaments with [large] amounts of prize-money .

Substantial sums of money are raised for charity by show-biz football teams .
[large] sums of money are raised for charity by show-biz football teams .

No less a transformation has been undergone by the front seats , which now enjoy much better lateral support , thanks to substantial side bolsters , and have electronic memory adjustment for reach , height , tilt and lumbar support .
no less a transformation has been undergone by the front seats , which now enjoy much better lateral support , thanks to [large] side bolsters , and have electronic memory adjustment for reach , height , tilt and lumbar support .

As cornering acceleration increases , the increasing castor of the outer wheel and the substantial elasticity of the front longitudinal arm bearing point support the car against side forces .
as cornering acceleration increases , the increasing castor of the outer wheel and the [large] elasticity of the front longitudinal arm bearing point support the car against side forces .

So , it 's okay by the standards of the rest of the range , but what about when faced with the real world ? Again , you do n't need a twin test to know that the gap in ability , build and luxury feel between the Orion and the Rover 416 is a substantial one .
so , it 's okay by the standards of the rest of the range , but what about when faced with the real world ? again , you do n't need a twin test to know that the gap in ability , build and luxury feel between the orion and the rover 416 is a [large] one .

It has redrawn the boundaries between the public and private sectors in favour of the latter and raised substantial sums for the Treasury .
it has redrawn the boundaries between the public and private sectors in favour of the latter and raised [large] sums for the treasury .

It was outlined in the Housing Act ( 1980 ) , which gave council tenants with three years ' residence the right to buy their properties at a substantial discount .
it was outlined in the housing act ( 1980 ) , which gave council tenants with three years ' residence the right to buy their properties at a [large] discount .

a substantial increase in police numbers and pay ;
a [large] increase in police numbers and pay ;

Yet by 1988 substantial progress had been made on all but items ( 2 ) and ( 4 ) of the agenda .
yet by 1988 [large] progress had been made on all but items ( 2 ) and ( 4 ) of the agenda .

Over time the proportion preferring ‘ caring ’ to ‘ tough ’ policies has increased by one-third and the ‘ carers ’ are now in a substantial majority .
over time the proportion preferring ‘ caring ’ to ‘ tough ’ policies has increased by one-third and the ‘ carers ’ are now in a [large] majority .

Only in Britain has the fall in popular support for the left been substantial .
only in britain has the fall in popular support for the left been [large] .

The oppositions invoked in these descriptions — the substantial versus the insubstantial , depth versus shallowness — are just the ones Wilde inverted and subverted .
the oppositions invoked in these descriptions — the [large] versus the insubstantial , depth versus shallowness — are just the ones wilde inverted and subverted .

Each of the individual images had a substantial component of uniqueness .
each of the individual images had a [large] component of uniqueness .

The press had a substantial influence on their choice of the best party on economic matters , both for themselves and for Britain as a whole ; and , indeed , on their assessments of overall party performance across the full range of economic , defence , and social issues ( Table 8.9 ) .
the press had a [large] influence on their choice of the best party on economic matters , both for themselves and for britain as a whole ; and , indeed , on their assessments of overall party performance across the full range of economic , defence , and social issues ( table 8.9 ) .

Police reports on the night claimed that ‘ substantial ’ seizures of cannabis and cocaine had been made — thus effectively labelling those arrested as ‘ crack barons ’ and prejudicing their chances of a fair hearing in court .
police reports on the night claimed that ‘ [large] ’ seizures of cannabis and cocaine had been made — thus effectively labelling those arrested as ‘ crack barons ’ and prejudicing their chances of a fair hearing in court .

Explaining a new policy drift which will respect local political will at the expense of new development , Mr Patten said : ‘ Over the next 10 or 12 years we are going to need substantial numbers of new houses .
explaining a new policy drift which will respect local political will at the expense of new development , mr patten said : ‘ over the next 10 or 12 years we are going to need [large] numbers of new houses .

But it is clear the Treasury is holding out against providing substantial extra central funds , arguing it has no way of being sure that extra money will go into reducing the impact of the tax , rather than into increased spending .
but it is clear the treasury is holding out against providing [large] extra central funds , arguing it has no way of being sure that extra money will go into reducing the impact of the tax , rather than into increased spending .

‘ We are up against a substantial amount of red tape , ’ O'Donovan said .
‘ we are up against a [large] amount of red tape , ’ o'donovan said .

Evaluating the evidence , it demonstrated substantial storage by Capricorn of works of art on the premises in London .
evaluating the evidence , it demonstrated [large] storage by capricorn of works of art on the premises in london .

The museum had demonstrated a sufficiently substantial scale of those two activities to make good its case that Capricorn had an established place of business on the premises .
the museum had demonstrated a sufficiently [large] scale of those two activities to make good its case that capricorn had an established place of business on the premises .

For the past 300 years the substantial remains of one of medieval England 's most important fortresses have lain hidden beneath part of the city centre .
for the past 300 years the [large] remains of one of medieval england 's most important fortresses have lain hidden beneath part of the city centre .

It was accepted that the British troops had used a substantial amount of violence and brutality to enforce the hand-over .
it was accepted that the british troops had used a [large] amount of violence and brutality to enforce the hand-over .

Negotiators for 33,000 manual workers at Ford Motor Company yesterday put in a bid for a ‘ substantial rise ’ — thought to be at least 10 per cent .
negotiators for 33,000 manual workers at ford motor company yesterday put in a bid for a ‘ [large] rise ’ — thought to be at least 10 per cent .

Engineering workers are also asking for a ‘ substantial rise ’ in pay .
engineering workers are also asking for a ‘ [large] rise ’ in pay .

According to one , Sotheby 's had foreclosed and were seeking to sell the painting themselves in Switzerland at a price around $ 35m , a substantial reduction on the auction price — a private sale being preferred to the public ignominy of auction .
according to one , sotheby 's had foreclosed and were seeking to sell the painting themselves in switzerland at a price around $ 35m , a [large] reduction on the auction price — a private sale being preferred to the public ignominy of auction .

The Health and Safety Commission has published its 1990–91 annual report , highlighting the substantial cost of work-related accidents and ill health to industry , in addition to the employee 's pain and suffering .
the health and safety commission has published its 1990–91 annual report , highlighting the [large] cost of work-related accidents and ill health to industry , in addition to the employee 's pain and suffering .

Injury statistics and trends show that after substantial reductions in recent decades , employees fatalities appear to be levelling off at about 1.6 per 100 000 employees and that the reported major injury rate for employees has been stable over the last three years .
injury statistics and trends show that after [large] reductions in recent decades , employees fatalities appear to be levelling off at about 1.6 per 100 000 employees and that the reported major injury rate for employees has been stable over the last three years .

Janssen 's contribution to preserving the environment is substantial .
janssen 's contribution to preserving the environment is [large] .

Typically , his discoveries receive substantial , sometimes posthumous , critical acclaim , but fail to make him , or themselves , any money .
typically , his discoveries receive [large] , sometimes posthumous , critical acclaim , but fail to make him , or themselves , any money .

Because of its size and cost , copies in folio were of necessity confined to persons of substantial means .
because of its size and cost , copies in folio were of necessity confined to persons of [large] means .

Thus , in spite of the importance of the pioneering work in rural areas , it was apparent even as late as 1935 that the District had made little substantial and quantifiable impact in its rural counties and among its dispersed population .
thus , in spite of the importance of the pioneering work in rural areas , it was apparent even as late as 1935 that the district had made little [large] and quantifiable impact in its rural counties and among its dispersed population .

Other than the later stimulating and substantial growth in Norfolk and Essex , and which is considered in later sections of this chapter , the major encouraging early development for the new District Secretary occurred in Hertfordshire .
other than the later stimulating and [large] growth in norfolk and essex , and which is considered in later sections of this chapter , the major encouraging early development for the new district secretary occurred in hertfordshire .

However , in the following year the District experienced two substantial setbacks .
however , in the following year the district experienced two [large] setbacks .

She had inherited a substantial sum of money from her parents ' estates and devoted herself to works of charity .
she had inherited a [large] sum of money from her parents ' estates and devoted herself to works of charity .

Two of his nephews commanded armies in France and his wealth was so vast that he was able to make substantial loans to the Exchequer at a high rate of interest , which was not very popular .
two of his nephews commanded armies in france and his wealth was so vast that he was able to make [large] loans to the exchequer at a high rate of interest , which was not very popular .

Well before 1880 , Wesleyan Methodists had a thriving Sunday School and some form of regular public worship in the Strand-on-the-Green area , but due to the generosity of the Duke of Devonshire , a large site in Sutton Court Road was made available to the Methodists , who raised funds and built a substantial Hall in the centre of that site , opened in 1880 and used for Sunday School and public worship ; followed , in 1902 , by the erection of a Manse on the southern flank .
well before 1880 , wesleyan methodists had a thriving sunday school and some form of regular public worship in the strand-on-the-green area , but due to the generosity of the duke of devonshire , a large site in sutton court road was made available to the methodists , who raised funds and built a [large] hall in the centre of that site , opened in 1880 and used for sunday school and public worship ; followed , in 1902 , by the erection of a manse on the southern flank .

Fearing that Greece and Turkey would end up on the other side of that iron curtain the American President Truman declared that their security was vital to the Western powers and began a substantial programme of aid .
fearing that greece and turkey would end up on the other side of that iron curtain the american president truman declared that their security was vital to the western powers and began a [large] programme of aid .

The capital asset of the farms had little importance for most yet in some areas the value must have been substantial .
the capital asset of the farms had little importance for most yet in some areas the value must have been [large] .

‘ This telephone has rung four times in this house since it was installed in January , and the first call brought us news of the Glasgow Ribbon Society , the Fenian Dynamitards destroying the Tradeston gas-works in which my poor husband has substantial interests .
‘ this telephone has rung four times in this house since it was installed in january , and the first call brought us news of the glasgow ribbon society , the fenian dynamitards destroying the tradeston gas-works in which my poor husband has [large] interests .

Before the dissolution of her marriage in 1962 , Lady Onslow arranged for Clandon Park — the Onslow family seat in Surrey , designed by the Italian architect Giacomo Leoni in the 1730s — to be opened to the public and persuaded her husband 's aunt , the Countess of Iveagh , to put up a substantial endowment for its restoration and upkeep .
before the dissolution of her marriage in 1962 , lady onslow arranged for clandon park — the onslow family seat in surrey , designed by the italian architect giacomo leoni in the 1730s — to be opened to the public and persuaded her husband 's aunt , the countess of iveagh , to put up a [large] endowment for its restoration and upkeep .

Numbers are declining because of the removal of the calf subsidy , the level of calf prices and the rapid escalation in fodder prices , leading to a substantial drop in profit levels .
numbers are declining because of the removal of the calf subsidy , the level of calf prices and the rapid escalation in fodder prices , leading to a [large] drop in profit levels .

Although average stocking rates for beef cows would be around one ha/cow it has been demonstrated that 0.4 ha/cow ( 1 acre/ cow ) of productive grassland with moderate nitrogen fertiliser inputs will meet grazing requirements and produce a substantial part of the winter feed requirements .
although average stocking rates for beef cows would be around one ha/cow it has been demonstrated that 0.4 ha/cow ( 1 acre/ cow ) of productive grassland with moderate nitrogen fertiliser inputs will meet grazing requirements and produce a [large] part of the winter feed requirements .

The report pinpoints a substantial increase in the number of managers planning to run down cash balances , consistent with the move into equities .
the report pinpoints a [large] increase in the number of managers planning to run down cash balances , consistent with the move into equities .

‘ But we now have a strong cash flow able to fund substantial development programmes , and decided it was time to tidy up the balance sheet . ’
‘ but we now have a strong cash flow able to fund [large] development programmes , and decided it was time to tidy up the balance sheet . ’

‘ We have every sympathy with those who have made substantial underwriting losses in recent years but Lloyd 's owes its first duty to policyholders with valid claims which must be met , ’ he said .
‘ we have every sympathy with those who have made [large] underwriting losses in recent years but lloyd 's owes its first duty to policyholders with valid claims which must be met , ’ he said .

Strong pressures notwithstanding , the social workers undertook a substantial developmental role .
strong pressures notwithstanding , the social workers undertook a [large] developmental role .

As Table 4 indicates , substantial changes took place in the structure of residential services in Nottinghamshire over the period of the study .
as table 4 indicates , [large] changes took place in the structure of residential services in nottinghamshire over the period of the study .

In this area a substantial number of well-designed outcome studies testify to the efficacy of Cognitive–Behaviour Therapy .
in this area a [large] number of well-designed outcome studies testify to the efficacy of cognitive–behaviour therapy .

The research base is more substantial in areas such as Cognitive–Behavioural Marital Therapy , but here , again , some caution is necessary .
the research base is more [large] in areas such as cognitive–behavioural marital therapy , but here , again , some caution is necessary .

The unpredictability of being on duty , the anxiety arising out of being unsure whether anything substantial is going to happen and being in a constant state of readiness in case it does , is one of the stresses associated with duty periods and referral and investigative work generally .
the unpredictability of being on duty , the anxiety arising out of being unsure whether anything [large] is going to happen and being in a constant state of readiness in case it does , is one of the stresses associated with duty periods and referral and investigative work generally .

Interestingly though , whereas physical abuse investigations took up a substantial amount of home visit time , the sexual abuse investigations were heavy on office interview time .
interestingly though , whereas physical abuse investigations took up a [large] amount of home visit time , the sexual abuse investigations were heavy on office interview time .

Much here seems hinge on the residential sector being able to offer specialist help to that decreasing yet still substantial number of youngsters who are unable to live with families or independently .
much here seems hinge on the residential sector being able to offer specialist help to that decreasing yet still [large] number of youngsters who are unable to live with families or independently .

They were free to raise funds elsewhere if they could , and one at least got a substantial sum from a local authority which would not have supported a project of that nature if it had not come to them from their own school children .
they were free to raise funds elsewhere if they could , and one at least got a [large] sum from a local authority which would not have supported a project of that nature if it had not come to them from their own school children .

Thus , in spite of substantial emigration , the population of Lewis more than trebled during the course of the 19th century .
thus , in spite of [large] emigration , the population of lewis more than trebled during the course of the 19th century .

Substantial financial assistance is also available for housing improvements .
[large] financial assistance is also available for housing improvements .

The most relevant comparison is probably with southern Italy , where there has been substantial depopulation and many individual agricultural holdings are of economically unviable size and highly fragmented .
the most relevant comparison is probably with southern italy , where there has been [large] depopulation and many individual agricultural holdings are of economically unviable size and highly fragmented .

As regards the substantial outside assistance to the Western Isles , one wonders whether a small part of it might not usefully be redirected to subsidising the high costs of transport between them and the mainland .
as regards the [large] outside assistance to the western isles , one wonders whether a small part of it might not usefully be redirected to subsidising the high costs of transport between them and the mainland .

Among the major industrialised nations , France has traditionally been one of the most dependent on fuel imports , lacking substantial indigenous reserves of both fossil fuels and hydro-electric power .
among the major industrialised nations , france has traditionally been one of the most dependent on fuel imports , lacking [large] indigenous reserves of both fossil fuels and hydro-electric power .

Apart from Poland , with its substantial coal resources , there is little scope for any large indigenous energy production increases in the Eastern European countries .
apart from poland , with its [large] coal resources , there is little scope for any large indigenous energy production increases in the eastern european countries .

South Korea , Taiwan , Hong Kong , Thailand and Singapore are high growth countries without significant developed energy resources while Malaysia , Brunei , Indonesia and the Philippines have rapidly developing economies and substantial energy resources .
south korea , taiwan , hong kong , thailand and singapore are high growth countries without significant developed energy resources while malaysia , brunei , indonesia and the philippines have rapidly developing economies and [large] energy resources .

Significant exploration and development is underway to exploit Australia 's substantial gas resources .
significant exploration and development is underway to exploit australia 's [large] gas resources .

This led into another thoroughfare , the far side of which was bordered by a high brick wall in which two iron gates were let , seemingly at the top of Spring Street , and giving entrance to a drive leading to a substantial red-brick house .
this led into another thoroughfare , the far side of which was bordered by a high brick wall in which two iron gates were let , seemingly at the top of spring street , and giving entrance to a drive leading to a [large] red-brick house .

The figures show a similar fall in the share of social product taken by government between 1979 and 1982 , of somewhat more than 6 per cent , followed by a substantial recovery in 1987 .
the figures show a similar fall in the share of social product taken by government between 1979 and 1982 , of somewhat more than 6 per cent , followed by a [large] recovery in 1987 .

They have the final authority , through the Chamber of Republics and provinces , over all economic and financial policies , and it would be difficult in normal circumstances to get their agreement to substantial federal surpluses or deficits .
they have the final authority , through the chamber of republics and provinces , over all economic and financial policies , and it would be difficult in normal circumstances to get their agreement to [large] federal surpluses or deficits .

Instead of collecting these resources by disguised taxation , through inflation , they would then be collected by open taxation , and the public sector would no longer be exerting a substantial inflationary influence .
instead of collecting these resources by disguised taxation , through inflation , they would then be collected by open taxation , and the public sector would no longer be exerting a [large] inflationary influence .

This exists primarily because of the government 's desire to finance a substantial part of its expenditure by cheap money rather than by taxation .
this exists primarily because of the government 's desire to finance a [large] part of its expenditure by cheap money rather than by taxation .

On the import side , the dollar figures show a substantial fall from 1981 to 1983 , followed by a fairly stable level until 1985 and a substantial rise in 1986 ( the year of ‘ programmed inflation ’ and the Party Congress ) .
on the import side , the dollar figures show a [large] fall from 1981 to 1983 , followed by a fairly stable level until 1985 and a [large] rise in 1986 ( the year of ‘ programmed inflation ’ and the party congress ) .

Croatia , Slovenia , and Montenegro ( especially the first of these ) have large earnings from tourism , and all regions receive substantial amounts from remittances .
croatia , slovenia , and montenegro ( especially the first of these ) have large earnings from tourism , and all regions receive [large] amounts from remittances .

It is high country , with some moderately good agricultural land and substantial deposits of lignite and nonferrous metals .
it is high country , with some moderately good agricultural land and [large] deposits of lignite and nonferrous metals .

Therefore , a record company has to sell a large quantity of LPs before it can expect a substantial return on its investment .
therefore , a record company has to sell a large quantity of lps before it can expect a [large] return on its investment .

There is n't a substantial body of films which reflect an ongoing or developing concern with race-related themes , but rather sporadic ‘ moments ’ in which particular motifs have featured prominently . ( Pines 1981 )
there is n't a [large] body of films which reflect an ongoing or developing concern with race-related themes , but rather sporadic ‘ moments ’ in which particular motifs have featured prominently . ( pines 1981 )

Sir Derek 's preference is to bring in some friendly Continental company such as Daimler-Benz of West Germany as a substantial minority shareholder , leaving Ferranti with a share quote and at least a semblance of independence .
sir derek 's preference is to bring in some friendly continental company such as daimler-benz of west germany as a [large] minority shareholder , leaving ferranti with a share quote and at least a semblance of independence .

Campbell Allan , a director and substantial shareholder of the sausage casings company , also sits on the Panel 's appeals committee .
campbell allan , a director and [large] shareholder of the sausage casings company , also sits on the panel 's appeals committee .

The scale of the exercise will be seen as confirming suspicions that the number of security force personnel involved in collusion is substantial .
the scale of the exercise will be seen as confirming suspicions that the number of security force personnel involved in collusion is [large] .

These amounted to £120,000 in last November 's Canadian Masters and , under its partnership arrangement for overseas events with Mark McCormack 's International Management Group , £100,000 from last February 's European Open in Deauville and what seems certain to be a substantial sum from August 's Hong Kong Open .
these amounted to £120,000 in last november 's canadian masters and , under its partnership arrangement for overseas events with mark mccormack 's international management group , £100,000 from last february 's european open in deauville and what seems certain to be a [large] sum from august 's hong kong open .

One is to say that substantial expansion is simply not possible , given planned expenditure levels .
one is to say that [large] expansion is simply not possible , given planned expenditure levels .

While not primarily a composer of chamber music , his substantial Piano Trio performed by the Joubert Trio in 1985 , would appeal to a wide audience .
while not primarily a composer of chamber music , his [large] piano trio performed by the joubert trio in 1985 , would appeal to a wide audience .

Public funding is being withdrawn from research and development which is of direct benefit to growers — like the evaluation of different varieties in the National Fruit Trials at Brogdale — but the Government will still be paying for a substantial amount of horticultural research at a number of centres spread across the country .
public funding is being withdrawn from research and development which is of direct benefit to growers — like the evaluation of different varieties in the national fruit trials at brogdale — but the government will still be paying for a [large] amount of horticultural research at a number of centres spread across the country .

In a fortnight 's time , when the company replies to a call for a substantial increase in pay and a reduction in the working week , John Hougham , personnel director , will probably throw that philosophy back at him .
in a fortnight 's time , when the company replies to a call for a [large] increase in pay and a reduction in the working week , john hougham , personnel director , will probably throw that philosophy back at him .

‘ Once these countries have actually made substantial investments in a chemical arsenal , what guarantees do we have that they will eventually be willing to throw it away ? ’ asked Elisa Harris , a chemical weapons at the Brookings Institution .
‘ once these countries have actually made [large] investments in a chemical arsenal , what guarantees do we have that they will eventually be willing to throw it away ? ’ asked elisa harris , a chemical weapons at the brookings institution .

The drug barons have themselves become substantial land holders , effectively controlling several departments .
the drug barons have themselves become [large] land holders , effectively controlling several departments .

Having admitted that substantial support existed , the party spokesman went on to argue that there was no support worth talking about ! In defence of his claim that there was ‘ no evidence to suggest that people are prepared to abandon their traditional party allegiances ’ , Stott pointed out that in two recent elections , candidates supported by the Campaign for Labour Representation polled badly :
having admitted that [large] support existed , the party spokesman went on to argue that there was no support worth talking about ! in defence of his claim that there was ‘ no evidence to suggest that people are prepared to abandon their traditional party allegiances ’ , stott pointed out that in two recent elections , candidates supported by the campaign for labour representation polled badly :

The ‘ year and a day ’ rule is a legacy of times when medical science was so rudimentary that , if there was a substantial lapse of time between injury and death , it was unsafe to pronounce on whether the defendant 's conduct or some other event caused the death .
the ‘ year and a day ’ rule is a legacy of times when medical science was so rudimentary that , if there was a [large] lapse of time between injury and death , it was unsafe to pronounce on whether the defendant 's conduct or some other event caused the death .

It might also be argued that the mandatory life sentence makes a substantial contribution to public safety .
it might also be argued that the mandatory life sentence makes a [large] contribution to public safety .

It is for cases of this kind , where the evidence shows that there was active persuasion rather than compassionate assistance to someone already determined to commit suicide , that a substantial maximum penalty is thought necessary .
it is for cases of this kind , where the evidence shows that there was active persuasion rather than compassionate assistance to someone already determined to commit suicide , that a [large] maximum penalty is thought necessary .

There is no doubting the substantial culpability of the person who embarks on a course of conduct knowing that there is a risk of death to another ( e.g .
there is no doubting the [large] culpability of the person who embarks on a course of conduct knowing that there is a risk of death to another ( e.g .

In the leading case of Lawrence ( 1981 ) it was held that reckless driving consists of driving which creates an obvious and serious risk of causing physical injury to some other person who might be happening to use the road or of doing substantial damage to property , and that the fault element is that the driver either failed to give any thought to the possibility of such a risk or , having recognized the existence of a risk , went on to take it .
in the leading case of lawrence ( 1981 ) it was held that reckless driving consists of driving which creates an obvious and serious risk of causing physical injury to some other person who might be happening to use the road or of doing [large] damage to property , and that the fault element is that the driver either failed to give any thought to the possibility of such a risk or , having recognized the existence of a risk , went on to take it .

It will readily be noticed that the elements of causing death by reckless driving are virtually the same as those of ‘ reckless manslaughter ’ : indeed , in Seymour ( 1983 ) the House of Lords held that they are the same , and the only doubt arises over the reference to ‘ substantial damage to property ’ in the Lawrence test .
it will readily be noticed that the elements of causing death by reckless driving are virtually the same as those of ‘ reckless manslaughter ’ : indeed , in seymour ( 1983 ) the house of lords held that they are the same , and the only doubt arises over the reference to ‘ [large] damage to property ’ in the lawrence test .

The fault element is fairly substantial , since the Lawrence definition refers to an obvious and serious risk of at least substantial damage to property : there will be few cases where only such damage , and no risk to personal safety , is involved ; moreover , as argued above , a major reason for having rules of the road which all drivers should know is to reduce the risk of injuries and deaths resulting .
the fault element is fairly [large] , since the lawrence definition refers to an obvious and serious risk of at least [large] damage to property : there will be few cases where only such damage , and no risk to personal safety , is involved ; moreover , as argued above , a major reason for having rules of the road which all drivers should know is to reduce the risk of injuries and deaths resulting .

First , children might refrain from reporting or at least giving evidence if they know that a substantial prison sentence for a member of their family is the probable outcome .
first , children might refrain from reporting or at least giving evidence if they know that a [large] prison sentence for a member of their family is the probable outcome .

Second , defendants might defend cases more vigorously , causing greater trauma to child witnesses , if substantial imprisonment is probable .
second , defendants might defend cases more vigorously , causing greater trauma to child witnesses , if [large] imprisonment is probable .

Substantial Eukanuba prizes , quality rosettes and prize cards for 1st to 5th in the Eukanuba Dogs Today Rescue Dog of the Year Class
[large] eukanuba prizes , quality rosettes and prize cards for 1st to 5th in the eukanuba dogs today rescue dog of the year class

Under the 1990 legislation , it says , some decoupling is achieved by , for instance , the relatively low levels at which loan rates are to be set , the substantial limitation on the quantities of supported crops that are eligible for the deficiency payments and the limitations placed on changes to the area and yield bases .
under the 1990 legislation , it says , some decoupling is achieved by , for instance , the relatively low levels at which loan rates are to be set , the [large] limitation on the quantities of supported crops that are eligible for the deficiency payments and the limitations placed on changes to the area and yield bases .

So you 'll have no difficulty in spotting it — smoother , more substantial , but unmistakably Audi .
so you 'll have no difficulty in spotting it — smoother , more [large] , but unmistakably audi .

NOx production is substantial too , but controllable by lean-burn techniques and catalysts .
nox production is [large] too , but controllable by lean-burn techniques and catalysts .

They last longer and look more substantial than the singles yet are not prone , as the doubles are , to brown rot in wet summers .
they last longer and look more [large] than the singles yet are not prone , as the doubles are , to brown rot in wet summers .

In time it forms a substantial clump of green leaves above which , in summer , are carried rich yellow daisy heads on branching stems .
in time it forms a [large] clump of green leaves above which , in summer , are carried rich yellow daisy heads on branching stems .

In addition , it became clear that there was a substantial restructuring of population as regional migration occurred to the expanding light industry areas of the Midlands and the South East and from the declining industrial areas of Scotland , Wales and the North .
in addition , it became clear that there was a [large] restructuring of population as regional migration occurred to the expanding light industry areas of the midlands and the south east and from the declining industrial areas of scotland , wales and the north .

Notwithstanding the reservations of Glynn and Oxborrow it is clear that population growth rates were less than one third of their nineteenth century peaks and the fact is that there was a substantial loss of population from the old industrial areas to the new ones .
notwithstanding the reservations of glynn and oxborrow it is clear that population growth rates were less than one third of their nineteenth century peaks and the fact is that there was a [large] loss of population from the old industrial areas to the new ones .

Indeed , it is the only occasion on which there has been a substantial national strike in support of any industrial group of workers in Britain .
indeed , it is the only occasion on which there has been a [large] national strike in support of any industrial group of workers in britain .

Secondly , it must also be appreciated that there was substantial unity within trade union ranks and that , despite the suspension of the strike on 12 May , the unions had signalled their intention not to accept further wage reductions without some resistance .
secondly , it must also be appreciated that there was [large] unity within trade union ranks and that , despite the suspension of the strike on 12 may , the unions had signalled their intention not to accept further wage reductions without some resistance .

Yet , although there remained gross , indeed obscene , inequality in the distribution of wealth , substantial social changes were occurring .
yet , although there remained gross , indeed obscene , inequality in the distribution of wealth , [large] social changes were occurring .

Yet there was always an element of complacency about an administration which enjoyed a substantial parliamentary majority .
yet there was always an element of complacency about an administration which enjoyed a [large] parliamentary majority .

The energetic pursuit of these two policies should in the long run ensure a substantial improvement in the employment situation .
the energetic pursuit of these two policies should in the long run ensure a [large] improvement in the employment situation .

Two statesmen who were were in the political wilderness by the mid-1930s were hardly likely , or able , to challenge the unthinking protectionist attitude of a National government which enjoyed a substantial parliamentary majority .
two statesmen who were were in the political wilderness by the mid-1930s were hardly likely , or able , to challenge the unthinking protectionist attitude of a national government which enjoyed a [large] parliamentary majority .

What is remarkable is how impervious a government can be to changing public opinion when insulated from the threat of political defeat by a substantial parliamentary majority .
what is remarkable is how impervious a government can be to changing public opinion when insulated from the threat of political defeat by a [large] parliamentary majority .

Maybe it 's because she has the most substantial female role in any of Stone 's films to date — or maybe it 's because her character suffered the saddest fate in the backsweep of Jim Morrison 's downfall .
maybe it 's because she has the most [large] female role in any of stone 's films to date — or maybe it 's because her character suffered the saddest fate in the backsweep of jim morrison 's downfall .

‘ It may not be a substantial amount , but it does help with the bank manager .
‘ it may not be a [large] amount , but it does help with the bank manager .

’ Not only was it a Test Match victory more substantial than any before , but Hutton 's 364 scored in thirteen hours and twenty minutes was the most remarkable exhibition of concentration and endurance ever seen on a cricket field .
’ not only was it a test match victory more [large] than any before , but hutton 's 364 scored in thirteen hours and twenty minutes was the most remarkable exhibition of concentration and endurance ever seen on a cricket field .

It is about 18in ( 45cm ) high in my garden , a slim rather than substantial plant , with small , lime-green , tubular bell-shaped flowers and bright turquoise pollen .
it is about 18in ( 45cm ) high in my garden , a slim rather than [large] plant , with small , lime-green , tubular bell-shaped flowers and bright turquoise pollen .

The Chairman of the National Docks ' Authority opened the batting by reviewing plans to meet the ever-growing volume of docks ' traffic , particularly the substantial growth in roll-on , roll-off between Britain and the continent .
the chairman of the national docks ' authority opened the batting by reviewing plans to meet the ever-growing volume of docks ' traffic , particularly the [large] growth in roll-on , roll-off between britain and the continent .

But the technique was soon applied to objects which contain substantial amounts of lead , particular glazes and glasses rich in lead , such as enamels .
but the technique was soon applied to objects which contain [large] amounts of lead , particular glazes and glasses rich in lead , such as enamels .

Furthermore , of these few results , a substantial number were for charcoal , with all the attendant problems of possible age offset due to ‘ old wood ’ ( see p. 121 ) .
furthermore , of these few results , a [large] number were for charcoal , with all the attendant problems of possible age offset due to ‘ old wood ’ ( see p. 121 ) .

The task of computerising the collections of an institution like the British Museum is a substantial one , but the day will come , some years hence , when all departments have had all their documentation computerised and all their objects checked .
the task of computerising the collections of an institution like the british museum is a [large] one , but the day will come , some years hence , when all departments have had all their documentation computerised and all their objects checked .

Even if we now find it difficult to accept that these were real or substantial recompenses for the life she had chosen to live we can not reasonably question that she did .
even if we now find it difficult to accept that these were real or [large] recompenses for the life she had chosen to live we can not reasonably question that she did .

It will suffice to say here that while most people retain quite substantial and reliable memories of their own everyday lives in childhood and young adulthood , and also of the key turning-points in middle and later life , both fleeting and peripheral experience is much more rarely remembered .
it will suffice to say here that while most people retain quite [large] and reliable memories of their own everyday lives in childhood and young adulthood , and also of the key turning-points in middle and later life , both fleeting and peripheral experience is much more rarely remembered .

But they were a substantial minority , and those historians who have recently been studying inheritance have reached some interesting conclusions .
but they were a [large] minority , and those historians who have recently been studying inheritance have reached some interesting conclusions .

Although at first mainly farmers , by the nineteenth century many more were substantial tradesmen , manufacturers , or professional men , suffering , like the Birmingham banker Samuel Tertius Galton , from ‘ commercial weariness ’ .
although at first mainly farmers , by the nineteenth century many more were [large] tradesmen , manufacturers , or professional men , suffering , like the birmingham banker samuel tertius galton , from ‘ commercial weariness ’ .

This will save substantial amounts through reduced product usage .
this will save [large] amounts through reduced product usage .

While there is a substantial mechanical input from the machine this is mainly in the form of water agitation , either from high or low water sprays , or from turbulent flow in circulation systems .
while there is a [large] mechanical input from the machine this is mainly in the form of water agitation , either from high or low water sprays , or from turbulent flow in circulation systems .

Maybe techniques of evaluation ( important though they are ) need not be sharp when faced with a strong weight of empirical and impressionist evidence of the failure of conservation efforts to halt the deteriorating environmental situation in substantial areas of the world .
maybe techniques of evaluation ( important though they are ) need not be sharp when faced with a strong weight of empirical and impressionist evidence of the failure of conservation efforts to halt the deteriorating environmental situation in [large] areas of the world .

Roland drew his breath in minor shock : Maud said , ‘ Oh , the dolls ’ — and Sir George brought his light back from a blank mirror entwined with gilded roses and focused it on the three rigid figures , semi-recumbent under a dusty counterpane , in a substantial if miniature four-poster bed .
roland drew his breath in minor shock : maud said , ‘ oh , the dolls ’ — and sir george brought his light back from a blank mirror entwined with gilded roses and focused it on the three rigid figures , semi-recumbent under a dusty counterpane , in a [large] if miniature four-poster bed .

The Pier Head is , in fact , a substantial stretch of landfill between the waterfront and three majestic Edwardian buildings — the Royal Liver Building , the Cunard building and the Dock Board offices — that have been known to generations of seafarers .
the pier head is , in fact , a [large] stretch of landfill between the waterfront and three majestic edwardian buildings — the royal liver building , the cunard building and the dock board offices — that have been known to generations of seafarers .

Israel , in a position of comparative strength , remained unwilling to make any substantial concessions since it was under no costly duress to do so .
israel , in a position of comparative strength , remained unwilling to make any [large] concessions since it was under no costly duress to do so .

Egyptian non-alignment and its receipt of arms from Czechoslovakia was taken in the West to be dangerously pro-Soviet , and Britain and the United States expressed their disapproval by withdrawing their offer of substantial economic aid .
egyptian non-alignment and its receipt of arms from czechoslovakia was taken in the west to be dangerously pro-soviet , and britain and the united states expressed their disapproval by withdrawing their offer of [large] economic aid .

Israel only accepted Resolution 242 without qualification in 1970 , but acceptance did not reflect its true position for it was already opposed to the return of substantial territory in return for peace .
israel only accepted resolution 242 without qualification in 1970 , but acceptance did not reflect its true position for it was already opposed to the return of [large] territory in return for peace .

But if the West Bank can not accommodate them , will they accept a political settlement which does not allow at least a substantial proportion to return to Galilee ?
but if the west bank can not accommodate them , will they accept a political settlement which does not allow at least a [large] proportion to return to galilee ?

Without substantial economic development , there is also little prospect that Jordan could offer a reasonable living for its refugee population .
without [large] economic development , there is also little prospect that jordan could offer a reasonable living for its refugee population .

Currently a substantial proportion of Jordanian Palestinians seek a living as migrant workers elsewhere , overwhelmingly in the Gulf states .
currently a [large] proportion of jordanian palestinians seek a living as migrant workers elsewhere , overwhelmingly in the gulf states .

For many there was a substantial overlap between religious and national identity .
for many there was a [large] overlap between religious and national identity .

The comparatively large sums involved conferred on all these agencies a substantial power of patronage over recipient institutions .
the comparatively large sums involved conferred on all these agencies a [large] power of patronage over recipient institutions .

‘ The authorities in Northern Ireland were quite satisfied that a substantial amount of explosives was in the area , and it might only be a matter of time until this sort of activity was renewed .
‘ the authorities in northern ireland were quite satisfied that a [large] amount of explosives was in the area , and it might only be a matter of time until this sort of activity was renewed .

Underpinning all of these disputes was a suspicion , amounting to a certainty in the minds of most Catholics , that the Unionists were unwilling to provide substantial new housing and to extend the city boundary because that would upset the existing political balance .
underpinning all of these disputes was a suspicion , amounting to a certainty in the minds of most catholics , that the unionists were unwilling to provide [large] new housing and to extend the city boundary because that would upset the existing political balance .

His private sitting room on the second floor , a substantial , high-ceilinged chamber immediately shrank to the proportions of a toy theatre when he entered it .
his private sitting room on the second floor , a [large] , high-ceilinged chamber immediately shrank to the proportions of a toy theatre when he entered it .

Aberknowe was one of several substantial granite houses on the Balmoral land which were occupied by the estate managers .
aberknowe was one of several [large] granite houses on the balmoral land which were occupied by the estate managers .

Great Stourford had been built as the ostentatiously fashionable home of a sugar millionaire whose wealth was so substantial and political skill so keen that his grandson was elevated to the title of Lord Chamfer by Queen Victoria .
great stourford had been built as the ostentatiously fashionable home of a sugar millionaire whose wealth was so [large] and political skill so keen that his grandson was elevated to the title of lord chamfer by queen victoria .

Nicholson got nothing out of it except a few good pay days and suffered occasional touches of melancholia about his work ; he was getting ‘ old ’ and anything substantial was nowhere in sight .
nicholson got nothing out of it except a few good pay days and suffered occasional touches of melancholia about his work ; he was getting ‘ old ’ and anything [large] was nowhere in sight .

His substantial album collection contained a varied selection , including the Rolling Stones , Dylan , Cat Stevens , George Harrison 's All Things Must Pass , Strauss waltzes recorded by Fritz Reiner , and Rimsky-Korsakov 's Greatest Hits .
his [large] album collection contained a varied selection , including the rolling stones , dylan , cat stevens , george harrison 's all things must pass , strauss waltzes recorded by fritz reiner , and rimsky-korsakov 's greatest hits .

1968 ) who found , using an auditory stimulus and aversive conditioning , that latent inhibition was as substantial with a 24-h interval as when there was no delay between exposure and conditioning .
1968 ) who found , using an auditory stimulus and aversive conditioning , that latent inhibition was as [large] with a 24-h interval as when there was no delay between exposure and conditioning .

And now the substantial points :
and now the [large] points :

In the event of substantial revision being necessary to the manuscripts , we reserve the right to revise this royalty figure .
in the event of [large] revision being necessary to the manuscripts , we reserve the right to revise this royalty figure .

Should substantial sections of the population feel excluded , then there are dangers of alienation , lawlessness and damaging social divisions .
should [large] sections of the population feel excluded , then there are dangers of alienation , lawlessness and damaging social divisions .

On the other hand , the party made substantial headway on both 1986 and 1988 in a large number of boroughs .
on the other hand , the party made [large] headway on both 1986 and 1988 in a large number of boroughs .

Select committees have had substantial coverage , but all the evidence suggests — and this is my own impression , having served or attended many committees over the years and now seeing them on television — that , with a few minor modifications , the ways these committees work is little changed .
select committees have had [large] coverage , but all the evidence suggests — and this is my own impression , having served or attended many committees over the years and now seeing them on television — that , with a few minor modifications , the ways these committees work is little changed .

Earlier , he had been reunited with someone with a substantial claim to fame .
earlier , he had been reunited with someone with a [large] claim to fame .

1 am , Warwickshire North : Despite its rustic-sounding name , Warwickshire North is an industrial seat with substantial pockets of Labour strength .
1 am , warwickshire north : despite its rustic-sounding name , warwickshire north is an industrial seat with [large] pockets of labour strength .

If Labour wins , there will be a whole new set of ministers ; if the Tories retain power , there will be a substantial ministerial reshuffle .
if labour wins , there will be a whole new set of ministers ; if the tories retain power , there will be a [large] ministerial reshuffle .

The main course is a substantial dish of chicken with a creamy coconut sauce accompanied by a baked potato and bowl of crispy veg .
the main course is a [large] dish of chicken with a creamy coconut sauce accompanied by a baked potato and bowl of crispy veg .

We should take a more substantial point , though as one grapples one 's way through the forest they are not always easy to identify .
we should take a more [large] point , though as one grapples one 's way through the forest they are not always easy to identify .

In particular , it called for a pension equal to ‘ a substantial percentage of the national average wage ’ and which should be increased annually in line with earnings or prices , whichever is the higher .
in particular , it called for a pension equal to ‘ a [large] percentage of the national average wage ’ and which should be increased annually in line with earnings or prices , whichever is the higher .

But they still hold substantial portfolios of international shares and the fear is that they could attempt to sell these , setting off a chain reaction in other financial markets .
but they still hold [large] portfolios of international shares and the fear is that they could attempt to sell these , setting off a chain reaction in other financial markets .

But a particularly bleak outlook for housebuilding and property development — ’ We think it will be very rough indeed ’ said Mr Cockshaw-prompted substantial write downs on its land holdings .
but a particularly bleak outlook for housebuilding and property development — ’ we think it will be very rough indeed ’ said mr cockshaw-prompted [large] write downs on its land holdings .

There is still ample talent for England , given sensible selection , to demonstrate that they do possess organised strength in depth and that the national structure , so precarious in other years , has a substantial base .
there is still ample talent for england , given sensible selection , to demonstrate that they do possess organised strength in depth and that the national structure , so precarious in other years , has a [large] base .

He said she would be given a ‘ substantial four-figure sum ’ in compensation .
he said she would be given a ‘ [large] four-figure sum ’ in compensation .

‘ It is a bedrock of traditional liberalism to build on and it is here that we are likely to see the most substantial progress of all .
‘ it is a bedrock of traditional liberalism to build on and it is here that we are likely to see the most [large] progress of all .

He earns in the region of £33,000 a year , but has substantial outgoings .
he earns in the region of £33,000 a year , but has [large] outgoings .

These beers are also made with substantial levels of adjuncts to the malt mash : maize , rice , triticale , wheat flour and potato starch .
these beers are also made with [large] levels of adjuncts to the malt mash : maize , rice , triticale , wheat flour and potato starch .

a chivalric Don Quixote figure of absolute non-compromise in matters ( as he sees them ) of virtue and truth , in effect an overspill from The Idiot — which Dostoevsky seems to have recognized , for he abandoned the positive and sublime venture , and hived off the comic material he had accumulated into the drunken buffoon Captain Lebyadkin who grows into a substantial second-rank character in The Possessed ; , and as to Kartuzov , the novelist left us with nothing more than his cappy surname .
a chivalric don quixote figure of absolute non-compromise in matters ( as he sees them ) of virtue and truth , in effect an overspill from the idiot — which dostoevsky seems to have recognized , for he abandoned the positive and sublime venture , and hived off the comic material he had accumulated into the drunken buffoon captain lebyadkin who grows into a [large] second-rank character in the possessed ; , and as to kartuzov , the novelist left us with nothing more than his cappy surname .

It is only a limited number of pensioners who at present enjoy substantial occupational pensions .
it is only a limited number of pensioners who at present enjoy [large] occupational pensions .

The response recognises the need for substantial reform in this area of the law , including clarification and guidelines in regard to tests of capacity .
the response recognises the need for [large] reform in this area of the law , including clarification and guidelines in regard to tests of capacity .

Trustees representing substantial family interests have written to Sir Derek asking for the board to be replaced or supplemented by new directors .
trustees representing [large] family interests have written to sir derek asking for the board to be replaced or supplemented by new directors .

My first thought on picking up this very substantial volume , was how on earth can information on rock gear fill so much space .
my first thought on picking up this very [large] volume , was how on earth can information on rock gear fill so much space .

‘ Spring and All ’ , a more substantial and widely praised poem , follows the same procedure as ‘ The Red Wheelbarrow ’ with the added spice of faux-naïf cuteness ( announced in the very title , and taken up in epithets like ‘ twiggy ’ ) .
‘ spring and all ’ , a more [large] and widely praised poem , follows the same procedure as ‘ the red wheelbarrow ’ with the added spice of faux-naïf cuteness ( announced in the very title , and taken up in epithets like ‘ twiggy ’ ) .

In reality , the squabble is more over slogans and symbols left over from the Reagan years than anything substantial .
in reality , the squabble is more over slogans and symbols left over from the reagan years than anything [large] .

Since females reap substantial protective benefits from associating with alpha males , this is perhaps not surprising .
since females reap [large] protective benefits from associating with alpha males , this is perhaps not surprising .

The most substantial , ‘ Honour Hong Kong , ’ is sponsored by many of the colony 's biggest companies .
the most [large] , ‘ honour hong kong , ’ is sponsored by many of the colony 's biggest companies .

It was , by Hong Kong 's modest standards , a substantial demonstration , and the nerve it touched was quickly apparent .
it was , by hong kong 's modest standards , a [large] demonstration , and the nerve it touched was quickly apparent .

The Labour leadership 's alternative strategy for the industry would produce a ‘ substantial reduction ’ in nuclear power generation by 2000 , he said .
the labour leadership 's alternative strategy for the industry would produce a ‘ [large] reduction ’ in nuclear power generation by 2000 , he said .

We will attempt to meet a substantial part of our energy needs from benign , renewable sources of energy .
we will attempt to meet a [large] part of our energy needs from benign , renewable sources of energy .

John Howell , for Mr Hazell , told Mr Justice Woolf and Mr Justice French the council would suffer ‘ very substantial losses if the deals proved enforceable ’ .
john howell , for mr hazell , told mr justice woolf and mr justice french the council would suffer ‘ very [large] losses if the deals proved enforceable ’ .

An increase of at least 10 per cent will be demanded by union representatives , who will argue that only a substantial rise will improve morale .
an increase of at least 10 per cent will be demanded by union representatives , who will argue that only a [large] rise will improve morale .

All that is material to this case is what substantial evidence Frank has to back up his claim about Militant infiltration .
all that is material to this case is what [large] evidence frank has to back up his claim about militant infiltration .

But there is a widespread belief that the travelling public will be forced to meet a substantial share of the new safety costs through higher fares , because of the Government 's policy of reducing taxpayers ' support for the railways .
but there is a widespread belief that the travelling public will be forced to meet a [large] share of the new safety costs through higher fares , because of the government 's policy of reducing taxpayers ' support for the railways .

The downturn in television and electrical rental business appeared to be tailing off and , despite a substantial write-off , the sale of Lasky — where the group admitted its timing was wrong — was beneficial ..
the downturn in television and electrical rental business appeared to be tailing off and , despite a [large] write-off , the sale of lasky — where the group admitted its timing was wrong — was beneficial ..

There is still no substantial domestic pressure on Mr Shamir to make concessions .
there is still no [large] domestic pressure on mr shamir to make concessions .

Nevertheless , the review represents substantial progress .
nevertheless , the review represents [large] progress .

‘ But where the sentence is substantial the offence will be grave , the risk the offender represents to the public can be significant and the difference which decision to grant or not to grant parole makes , may be more than a few months .
‘ but where the sentence is [large] the offence will be grave , the risk the offender represents to the public can be significant and the difference which decision to grant or not to grant parole makes , may be more than a few months .

It is my view that there should be no automatic parole for people serving substantial terms of imprisonment .
it is my view that there should be no automatic parole for people serving [large] terms of imprisonment .

In the first official recognition of the extent of the outbreak , Dr Douglas Fleming , deputy director of the Birmingham research unit of the Royal College of General Practitioners , said there is now a ‘ substantial epidemic ’ which is likely to get worse .
in the first official recognition of the extent of the outbreak , dr douglas fleming , deputy director of the birmingham research unit of the royal college of general practitioners , said there is now a ‘ [large] epidemic ’ which is likely to get worse .

There is still no substantial domestic pressure on Mr Shamir to make concessions .
there is still no [large] domestic pressure on mr shamir to make concessions .

The big problem arose with the substantial net job losses recorded in the size range 20-49 employees , because those in the 50-1,000 range all showed increases .
the big problem arose with the [large] net job losses recorded in the size range 20-49 employees , because those in the 50-1,000 range all showed increases .

The Hatfield study found an uncritical expectation that returning women workers — women already make up a substantial part of small firm employment — would fill the gap left by young people .
the hatfield study found an uncritical expectation that returning women workers — women already make up a [large] part of small firm employment — would fill the gap left by young people .

Mr Bannock estimates that these increases have led to substantial gains in employment , with three million more people working in businesses with fewer than 1,000 staff .
mr bannock estimates that these increases have led to [large] gains in employment , with three million more people working in businesses with fewer than 1,000 staff .

Midland has already swapped a substantial part of its Chilean debt exposure for equity and has also been involved in similar , private sector , schemes in Argentina .
midland has already swapped a [large] part of its chilean debt exposure for equity and has also been involved in similar , private sector , schemes in argentina .

Failure to meet programme promises could mean losing all or part of a substantial performance bond .
failure to meet programme promises could mean losing all or part of a [large] performance bond .

The central plank of the proposals is to give the county court the power to deal with a substantial numbers of cases , particularly injury cases , reserving the High Court for complex and specialist cases .
the central plank of the proposals is to give the county court the power to deal with a [large] numbers of cases , particularly injury cases , reserving the high court for complex and specialist cases .

On concrete roads the abandonment of ministry research on water leaks coincided with substantial problems after water seeped into the joints .
on concrete roads the abandonment of ministry research on water leaks coincided with [large] problems after water seeped into the joints .

The central plank of the proposals is to give the county courts the power to deal with a substantial numbers of cases , particularly injury cases , reserving the High Court for complex and specialist cases .
the central plank of the proposals is to give the county courts the power to deal with a [large] numbers of cases , particularly injury cases , reserving the high court for complex and specialist cases .

For such a comparatively remote spot , a fairly substantial business was carried out , Tom Ayliffe running several boats in connection with the milling business .
for such a comparatively remote spot , a fairly [large] business was carried out , tom ayliffe running several boats in connection with the milling business .

During the following years , the mill lost its agricultural links and became a substantial iron and wire works .
during the following years , the mill lost its agricultural links and became a [large] iron and wire works .

At some point , the mill eventually passed to George Ford and was converted into a substantial flour mill .
at some point , the mill eventually passed to george ford and was converted into a [large] flour mill .

Oil Mill was particularly well placed for transport , for it had easy access to the road , canal and railway , a special branch line running from the latter across a substantial iron bridge to the rear of the mill , allowing direct loading and unloading .
oil mill was particularly well placed for transport , for it had easy access to the road , canal and railway , a special branch line running from the latter across a [large] iron bridge to the rear of the mill , allowing direct loading and unloading .

By 1660 , the mill had been built up to quite a substantial and sophisticated concern , now housing three pairs of fulling stocks , dye houses and shearing and warping rooms .
by 1660 , the mill had been built up to quite a [large] and sophisticated concern , now housing three pairs of fulling stocks , dye houses and shearing and warping rooms .

The castings were not only elegant but functional , providing a substantial backbone for the building as well as allowing plenty of room for line-shafting .
the castings were not only elegant but functional , providing a [large] backbone for the building as well as allowing plenty of room for line-shafting .

The mill was now a substantial concern and provided employment for nearly 1,000 .
the mill was now a [large] concern and provided employment for nearly 1,000 .

The Marling family spent substantial sums on Stanley Mills , adding power loom sheds and dye-houses .
the marling family spent [large] sums on stanley mills , adding power loom sheds and dye-houses .

Few photographs or records survive but a l9th century line drawing shows that it was a fairly substantial building of three storeys , complete with elegant chimney , bell tower and clock .
few photographs or records survive but a l9th century line drawing shows that it was a fairly [large] building of three storeys , complete with elegant chimney , bell tower and clock .

These substantial , and obviously expensive works are perhaps a little surprising , as cloth making in the Chalford area had been declining .
these [large] , and obviously expensive works are perhaps a little surprising , as cloth making in the chalford area had been declining .

Although most of the mill buildings at Ryeford have now gone , a substantial timber works still occupied the site until recently .
although most of the mill buildings at ryeford have now gone , a [large] timber works still occupied the site until recently .

The Benjamin family were substantial businessmen in the area , as well as farmers , property owners , millers and seedsmen .
the benjamin family were [large] businessmen in the area , as well as farmers , property owners , millers and seedsmen .

By the early part of the 19th century , the business had grown to quite a sizeable concern , and consisted of scribbling and burling shops , wool lofts , a dye house , as well as a rack teaze and Webb 's substantial home .
by the early part of the 19th century , the business had grown to quite a sizeable concern , and consisted of scribbling and burling shops , wool lofts , a dye house , as well as a rack teaze and webb 's [large] home .

Even fairly recent maps show a substantial pond , with buildings at either end of it , now all gone .
even fairly recent maps show a [large] pond , with buildings at either end of it , now all gone .

This was yet another corn mill , probably built during the 16th century , later turned over to fulling and subsequently enlarged to form a substantial cloth mill .
this was yet another corn mill , probably built during the 16th century , later turned over to fulling and subsequently enlarged to form a [large] cloth mill .

Shillito Stather , who then owned the mill , carried out a fairly substantial enlargement of the site , creating the Little , North , South and Middle Mills , as well as numerous related buildings .
shillito stather , who then owned the mill , carried out a fairly [large] enlargement of the site , creating the little , north , south and middle mills , as well as numerous related buildings .

The result was the appearance of a number of substantial steam-powered mills in the vicinity of the docks itself .
the result was the appearance of a number of [large] steam-powered mills in the vicinity of the docks itself .

Many were run along efficient lines and provided substantial income for their Order .
many were run along efficient lines and provided [large] income for their order .

In some situations , the mill had to provide for substantial numbers of people for , apart from the monks themselves , there were frequently large numbers of lay brethren and servants .
in some situations , the mill had to provide for [large] numbers of people for , apart from the monks themselves , there were frequently large numbers of lay brethren and servants .

Some of the religious orders built up substantial commercial empires .
some of the religious orders built up [large] commercial empires .

The Lower Mill was a stone building , as was the substantial mill house .
the lower mill was a stone building , as was the [large] mill house .

There are several early references to a fulling mill at Cudnell , let to Robert and Joan Walker , although there is little else to suggest that Cheltenham and the surrounding area had any substantial involvement with the cloth trade .
there are several early references to a fulling mill at cudnell , let to robert and joan walker , although there is little else to suggest that cheltenham and the surrounding area had any [large] involvement with the cloth trade .

The River Chelt has two headstreams , dammed at Dowdeswell in 1886 to form the substantial reservoir that now occupies the site .
the river chelt has two headstreams , dammed at dowdeswell in 1886 to form the [large] reservoir that now occupies the site .

The mill was originally powered by an iron water wheel although this , as well as the substantial mill pond , has now gone .
the mill was originally powered by an iron water wheel although this , as well as the [large] mill pond , has now gone .

Close to the mill is a large and attractive half-timbered mill house , which is still inhabited , as well as a substantial dove cote , dated 1741 , which stands taller than the mill itself .
close to the mill is a large and attractive half-timbered mill house , which is still inhabited , as well as a [large] dove cote , dated 1741 , which stands taller than the mill itself .

At different times , the town was well known for its stocking frame knitters , the substantial brick works at the Mythe , as well as , during the 19th century , its large brewery , originally founded by David Jones , and later taken over by Blizard and Colman .
at different times , the town was well known for its stocking frame knitters , the [large] brick works at the mythe , as well as , during the 19th century , its large brewery , originally founded by david jones , and later taken over by blizard and colman .

It was during the latter part of the 19th century that Tewkesbury 's commercial decline began for , at the time of building of Healing 's substantial mills , many of the smaller cottage-based trades disappeared .
it was during the latter part of the 19th century that tewkesbury 's commercial decline began for , at the time of building of healing 's [large] mills , many of the smaller cottage-based trades disappeared .

Around 1793 , a substantial rebuilding programme was carried out , the result being eight pairs of stones , powered by four water wheels .
around 1793 , a [large] rebuilding programme was carried out , the result being eight pairs of stones , powered by four water wheels .

It had stood idle and decaying since 1914 and had lost most of its floors and part of the roof-a far cry from today 's substantial and elegant building that now houses the Cotswold Country Museum .
it had stood idle and decaying since 1914 and had lost most of its floors and part of the roof-a far cry from today 's [large] and elegant building that now houses the cotswold country museum .

The wheel was fed from a large lake at the rear of the mill , the water exiting under the adjacent road through a substantial stone tunnel .
the wheel was fed from a large lake at the rear of the mill , the water exiting under the adjacent road through a [large] stone tunnel .

‘ The plan was for Bryce to drive up and get them , but he 's up to his eyes in trying to draw substantial amounts of water from our well .
‘ the plan was for bryce to drive up and get them , but he 's up to his eyes in trying to draw [large] amounts of water from our well .

The commitment and involvement during the month is intense but this system enables governors to have substantial periods when demands on their time are less heavy .
the commitment and involvement during the month is intense but this system enables governors to have [large] periods when demands on their time are less heavy .

It makes economic sense , particularly if the prospectus is printed commercially , to run off a substantial number at one time .
it makes economic sense , particularly if the prospectus is printed commercially , to run off a [large] number at one time .

Events which demand a substantial outlay that ca n't be recovered in the event of cancellation , bad weather or some other cause need to be avoided .
events which demand a [large] outlay that ca n't be recovered in the event of cancellation , bad weather or some other cause need to be avoided .

An enterprising parents ' association at one primary school took on the short term lease of a shop in the local High Street in the pre-Christmas period and made a substantial profit by buying in stock from discount warehouses and retailing in competition with other traders .
an enterprising parents ' association at one primary school took on the short term lease of a shop in the local high street in the pre-christmas period and made a [large] profit by buying in stock from discount warehouses and retailing in competition with other traders .

It is clear from Leopold 's letters to Hagenauer that Mozart had by then written a substantial number of pieces , many of them commissions .
it is clear from leopold 's letters to hagenauer that mozart had by then written a [large] number of pieces , many of them commissions .

In November Midland confidently expects to be handing over further substantial sums generated by the opening and usage of each Visa card account .
in november midland confidently expects to be handing over further [large] sums generated by the opening and usage of each visa card account .

Four : there is a substantial risk that if the child were born it would suffer from such physical or mental abnormalities as to be seriously handicapped .
four : there is a [large] risk that if the child were born it would suffer from such physical or mental abnormalities as to be seriously handicapped .

Given the substantial resource committed to education and the consistent government policy of the last 10 years of shifting the balance of power from local authorities to individuals , this is not in any way surprising .
given the [large] resource committed to education and the consistent government policy of the last 10 years of shifting the balance of power from local authorities to individuals , this is not in any way surprising .

Meanwhile the new regulations on provision of and access to information ( discussed in Chapter 5 ) will , in addition to raising levels of public accountability , increase the already substantial administrative burden resulting from the Act .
meanwhile the new regulations on provision of and access to information ( discussed in chapter 5 ) will , in addition to raising levels of public accountability , increase the already [large] administrative burden resulting from the act .

Depending on favours for a substantial part of one 's livelihood was the vulnerability which Mary Leapor was reluctant to assume .
depending on favours for a [large] part of one 's livelihood was the vulnerability which mary leapor was reluctant to assume .

In responding to children 's writing , teachers are well able to distinguish between an embryonic attempt at a story and a more developed example ; indeed , there is substantial research available on the stages of story-writing through which young writers progress .
in responding to children 's writing , teachers are well able to distinguish between an embryonic attempt at a story and a more developed example ; indeed , there is [large] research available on the stages of story-writing through which young writers progress .

Ltd were on the first floor of a substantial building , near Allhallows Church .
ltd were on the first floor of a [large] building , near allhallows church .

Not only does this mean that the rural population is not being fully utilised in terms of labour power , it also means they are too poor to provide a substantial market for industry .
not only does this mean that the rural population is not being fully utilised in terms of labour power , it also means they are too poor to provide a [large] market for industry .

Agrarian reform programmes have two basic aims , one of which is redistributive , to provide a juster pattern of landholding and alleviate poverty by giving the peasants more substantial plots of land .
agrarian reform programmes have two basic aims , one of which is redistributive , to provide a juster pattern of landholding and alleviate poverty by giving the peasants more [large] plots of land .

It may be the case that such schemes can not operate unless some people make a substantial sacrifice for them .
it may be the case that such schemes can not operate unless some people make a [large] sacrifice for them .

, when legislators are periodically elected , thus providing them with motives to find out what are their electors ' best interests and to satisfy them , at least where the prestige , power , and lawful remuneration of their office are their only rewards and where these rewards are themselves substantial ) .
, when legislators are periodically elected , thus providing them with motives to find out what are their electors ' best interests and to satisfy them , at least where the prestige , power , and lawful remuneration of their office are their only rewards and where these rewards are themselves [large] ) .

Duress that invalidates consent consists either of a credible threat to take substantial action against the agent or against a person or a cause that he values if he does not consent or in the taking of such actions against him or against persons or causes that he values with an offer to restore the situation if he does consent .
duress that invalidates consent consists either of a credible threat to take [large] action against the agent or against a person or a cause that he values if he does not consent or in the taking of such actions against him or against persons or causes that he values with an offer to restore the situation if he does consent .

However , some radiation will still find its way around even these substantial barriers , increasing the exposure to the workforce above what they would expect from the ‘ natural ’ radiation given off by the sun or the earth .
however , some radiation will still find its way around even these [large] barriers , increasing the exposure to the workforce above what they would expect from the ‘ natural ’ radiation given off by the sun or the earth .

But a further nine Magnox stations , with twin reactors on each site , and producing electricity in substantial quantities for the national grid , were brought into operation between 1962 and 1971 .
but a further nine magnox stations , with twin reactors on each site , and producing electricity in [large] quantities for the national grid , were brought into operation between 1962 and 1971 .

The Board offered a substantial package of carrots .
the board offered a [large] package of carrots .

The struggle for unification of the opposition in the Netherlands had been difficult , but at least there a much more substantial commercial class could simultaneously fight the Habsburgs and prevent the outbreak of class war .
the struggle for unification of the opposition in the netherlands had been difficult , but at least there a much more [large] commercial class could simultaneously fight the habsburgs and prevent the outbreak of class war .

Her objective is to keep him fit between shows , which in the Yorkshire Dales is not a problem ; the horses at Heyside Farm have to climb a substantial hill just to get from the stableyard to the road .
her objective is to keep him fit between shows , which in the yorkshire dales is not a problem ; the horses at heyside farm have to climb a [large] hill just to get from the stableyard to the road .

But it also covers all arrestable offences which have ( or are likely to have or are intended to have ) certain consequences like , among other things , ‘ serious harm to the security of the State or to public order ’ , ‘ serious interference with the administration of justice ’ , ‘ substantial financial gain to any person ’ , and ‘ serious financial loss to any person ’ .
but it also covers all arrestable offences which have ( or are likely to have or are intended to have ) certain consequences like , among other things , ‘ serious harm to the security of the state or to public order ’ , ‘ serious interference with the administration of justice ’ , ‘ [large] financial gain to any person ’ , and ‘ serious financial loss to any person ’ .

And here we find that the term is widely rather than narrowly defined to include an offence which carries a sentence of three years or more on first conviction ; or involves the use of violence ; or results in substantial financial gain ; or involves conduct by a large number of people in pursuit of a common purpose .
and here we find that the term is widely rather than narrowly defined to include an offence which carries a sentence of three years or more on first conviction ; or involves the use of violence ; or results in [large] financial gain ; or involves conduct by a large number of people in pursuit of a common purpose .

Failure to obey any instructions he or she might issue in this context may amount to the statutory offence of obstruction of a police officer in the execution of his duty , for which the sentence can be either imprisonment or a substantial fine .
failure to obey any instructions he or she might issue in this context may amount to the statutory offence of obstruction of a police officer in the execution of his duty , for which the sentence can be either imprisonment or a [large] fine .

Other settlers included ‘ stray Italians , Greeks and other Europeans , Syrians and many odd mixtures … escaping from tyranny or crime , or just on the look-out for adventure or fortune ’ and , more recent arrivals , many English ex-servicemen , ‘ particularly of the officer type , unemployed , with reasonably substantial cash bonuses and other means .
other settlers included ‘ stray italians , greeks and other europeans , syrians and many odd mixtures … escaping from tyranny or crime , or just on the look-out for adventure or fortune ’ and , more recent arrivals , many english ex-servicemen , ‘ particularly of the officer type , unemployed , with reasonably [large] cash bonuses and other means .

The ballet was quite well liked , and offered the most substantial evidence of John 's ability since his arrival in Britain two years earlier , but without causing any great stir .
the ballet was quite well liked , and offered the most [large] evidence of john 's ability since his arrival in britain two years earlier , but without causing any great stir .

Capital schemes , which are partially funded by grants from the Ministry of Agriculture , make substantial drainage improvements ; whereas maintenance schemes , paid for by rating precepts , aim at stopping floods from getting worse , by removing blockages such as fallen trees and shoals .
capital schemes , which are partially funded by grants from the ministry of agriculture , make [large] drainage improvements ; whereas maintenance schemes , paid for by rating precepts , aim at stopping floods from getting worse , by removing blockages such as fallen trees and shoals .

The stories of the suburb , the tales that gave number 24 , 59 , 3031 or 47 their right to their homes , these were , in their way , as substantial as the creation myths of the Eskimos .
the stories of the suburb , the tales that gave number 24 , 59 , 3031 or 47 their right to their homes , these were , in their way , as [large] as the creation myths of the eskimos .

The beauty and clarity of our spring day was forgotten momentarily when we lumbered through a mighty ocean of dung and mud , caused by a recent and substantial visitation from the farmer 's cows .
the beauty and clarity of our spring day was forgotten momentarily when we lumbered through a mighty ocean of dung and mud , caused by a recent and [large] visitation from the farmer 's cows .

By 3 and 4 May the situation was really bad , with frequent loud explosions , and substantial amounts of ash accumulating in the streets .
by 3 and 4 may the situation was really bad , with frequent loud explosions , and [large] amounts of ash accumulating in the streets .

So while it may not seem obvious that two magmas , differing only by 5 or 10 per cent in silica content , should behave quite differently on eruption , this chain of cause and effect operates to produce very substantial differences indeed .
so while it may not seem obvious that two magmas , differing only by 5 or 10 per cent in silica content , should behave quite differently on eruption , this chain of cause and effect operates to produce very [large] differences indeed .

If a substantial loss has been suffered you may be able to sue the vendor , and if you lack financial resources you may qualify for legal aid .
if a [large] loss has been suffered you may be able to sue the vendor , and if you lack financial resources you may qualify for legal aid .

Leaving aside repairs , alterations , carpets and curtains , these costs could amount to £4,000 on a £75,000 house — a substantial figure .
leaving aside repairs , alterations , carpets and curtains , these costs could amount to £4,000 on a £75,000 house — a [large] figure .

Substantial double locks and bolts on external doors , locks on internal doors operated from the hall , locks on all windows , spyglass in the front door , all-round external lights operated from inside and , of course , the alarm , if one is fitted .
[large] double locks and bolts on external doors , locks on internal doors operated from the hall , locks on all windows , spyglass in the front door , all-round external lights operated from inside and , of course , the alarm , if one is fitted .

He learned quickly and at the age of 19 met Samuel Bradbury , a noted local cricketer , in a single-wicket contest , so popular in those days , for a ‘ substantial wager .
he learned quickly and at the age of 19 met samuel bradbury , a noted local cricketer , in a single-wicket contest , so popular in those days , for a ‘ [large] wager .

Despite the much-needed rain , schools have been able to play a substantial amount of cricket before turning to address the examiners rather than their opponents .
despite the much-needed rain , schools have been able to play a [large] amount of cricket before turning to address the examiners rather than their opponents .

The elderly and disabled can obtain quite substantial financial help from several sources .
the elderly and disabled can obtain quite [large] financial help from several sources .

State on your tax return income from which tax has not been deducted at source and will therefore be assessed for tax by the Inland Revenue if it forms part of a more substantial income :
state on your tax return income from which tax has not been deducted at source and will therefore be assessed for tax by the inland revenue if it forms part of a more [large] income :

Wealth : God yah ! Substantial private income augmented by vast salary and royalties from books
wealth : god yah ! [large] private income augmented by vast salary and royalties from books

This could provide an open opportunity for women to exploit couples who are desperate for a child by persuading them to hand over a substantial sum of money in lieu of a service that can not be legally enforced .
this could provide an open opportunity for women to exploit couples who are desperate for a child by persuading them to hand over a [large] sum of money in lieu of a service that can not be legally enforced .

At only £15 for an adult and £30 for a family , joining English Heritage could mean substantial savings when compared with paying normal admission prices .
at only £15 for an adult and £30 for a family , joining english heritage could mean [large] savings when compared with paying normal admission prices .

At only £15 for an adult and £30 for a family , joining English Heritage could mean substantial savings when compared with paying normal admission prices .
at only £15 for an adult and £30 for a family , joining english heritage could mean [large] savings when compared with paying normal admission prices .

In the Erz Gebirge mountain range spanning the Czech/East German border , a substantial acreage has been decimated by acidification , both from direct exposure to sulphur dioxide and from acid rain .
in the erz gebirge mountain range spanning the czech/east german border , a [large] acreage has been decimated by acidification , both from direct exposure to sulphur dioxide and from acid rain .

Substantial reductions are possible , as the technology already exists .
[large] reductions are possible , as the technology already exists .

Burning of rainforest trees is believed to release between 15 and 25 per cent of all carbon dioxide into the atmosphere , and is therefore a substantial contribution to the greenhouse effect .
burning of rainforest trees is believed to release between 15 and 25 per cent of all carbon dioxide into the atmosphere , and is therefore a [large] contribution to the greenhouse effect .

Regardless of the Minister 's decision on this particular case , heightened developer interest is evidence that substantial public expenditure in declining areas will attract future private investment .
regardless of the minister 's decision on this particular case , heightened developer interest is evidence that [large] public expenditure in declining areas will attract future private investment .

For the Carnegies , Mellons and Heinzs were built substantial brick mansions up the slope from the river whilst the clapboard terraced houses on the riverside were occupied by mostly Eastern European immigrants drawn by work in the steel mills .
for the carnegies , mellons and heinzs were built [large] brick mansions up the slope from the river whilst the clapboard terraced houses on the riverside were occupied by mostly eastern european immigrants drawn by work in the steel mills .

Gentrification activity was indicated by a substantial reduction in properties without exclusive plumbing between 1970 and 1980 and by a disproportionate allocation of Historic Preservation Grants .
gentrification activity was indicated by a [large] reduction in properties without exclusive plumbing between 1970 and 1980 and by a disproportionate allocation of historic preservation grants .

An assessment of their monopoly power may also lead them to the conclusion that a substantial rise in their profit margin and consequent restriction of demand may increase their profit .
an assessment of their monopoly power may also lead them to the conclusion that a [large] rise in their profit margin and consequent restriction of demand may increase their profit .

The size of this type of unemployment is obviously extremely difficult to estimate , but it may be quite substantial , particularly in those industries with powerful trade unions where employers are reluctant to lay off workers for fears of initiating an industrial dispute .
the size of this type of unemployment is obviously extremely difficult to estimate , but it may be quite [large] , particularly in those industries with powerful trade unions where employers are reluctant to lay off workers for fears of initiating an industrial dispute .

It was noticeable that the libraries who listed a substantial number of local authority courses were often the ones who listed substantial numbers of internal and external courses as well , so that there was a strong relationship between total number of courses and involvement of local authority ( see Table 24 ) .
it was noticeable that the libraries who listed a [large] number of local authority courses were often the ones who listed [large] numbers of internal and external courses as well , so that there was a strong relationship between total number of courses and involvement of local authority ( see table 24 ) .

While Prussia struggled to create a tariff union of German states — the first step on the road to forming a German nation-state — the Western nations were already involved in building up their as yet un-integrated but nevertheless substantial rail networks .
while prussia struggled to create a tariff union of german states — the first step on the road to forming a german nation-state — the western nations were already involved in building up their as yet un-integrated but nevertheless [large] rail networks .

In Danzig and Pomerania , where the substantial Polish minority might have made it difficult to implement such a policy , there was a special dispensation .
in danzig and pomerania , where the [large] polish minority might have made it difficult to implement such a policy , there was a special dispensation .

In 1908 , against fierce opposition from the majority of Prussian property-owners , the Catholic Centre Party and the Union of West German Liberals , Prince Bülow equipped the Colonisation Commission with the legal power to seize Polish property , and allocated increased government funding — including a substantial bribe to the Junkers to persuade them to use German rather than the cheaper Polish labour .
in 1908 , against fierce opposition from the majority of prussian property-owners , the catholic centre party and the union of west german liberals , prince bülow equipped the colonisation commission with the legal power to seize polish property , and allocated increased government funding — including a [large] bribe to the junkers to persuade them to use german rather than the cheaper polish labour .

The advantage of daylight shooting with a rifle comes at dusk and dawn , when substantial numbers of rabbits may be out feeding .
the advantage of daylight shooting with a rifle comes at dusk and dawn , when [large] numbers of rabbits may be out feeding .

The eastern fells are reflected along its surface by day and the moon by night , The only other substantial piece of water in the western dales is Lake Semer Water , near Bainbridge , in Upper Wensleydale ,
the eastern fells are reflected along its surface by day and the moon by night , the only other [large] piece of water in the western dales is lake semer water , near bainbridge , in upper wensleydale ,

There are , for example , a large number of production photographs of outstanding quality and a substantial number of original scenery and costume designs , notably those of Percy Anderson who is closely associated with Tree .
there are , for example , a large number of production photographs of outstanding quality and a [large] number of original scenery and costume designs , notably those of percy anderson who is closely associated with tree .

The papers include a substantial amount of material relating to Tree 's three daughters , Viola , Iris and Felicity .
the papers include a [large] amount of material relating to tree 's three daughters , viola , iris and felicity .

Eric Jones-Evans began donating material to the Theatre Collection in 1980 and the remainder , including his substantial library , formed just a part of his considerable estate , the bulk of which was bequeathed to the Collection upon his death in 1989 .
eric jones-evans began donating material to the theatre collection in 1980 and the remainder , including his [large] library , formed just a part of his considerable estate , the bulk of which was bequeathed to the collection upon his death in 1989 .

For example Bergmann et al , 1978 found that 38 per cent of a sample of 83 patients with organic mental disorder referred to a day hospital assessment unit lived alone ; and the authors concluded , after following up the sample for 12 months , that those who lived alone were least likely to be maintained at home for that period of time even with substantial support from social services , and recommended that resources should be concentrated on those who lived with their families .
for example bergmann et al , 1978 found that 38 per cent of a sample of 83 patients with organic mental disorder referred to a day hospital assessment unit lived alone ; and the authors concluded , after following up the sample for 12 months , that those who lived alone were least likely to be maintained at home for that period of time even with [large] support from social services , and recommended that resources should be concentrated on those who lived with their families .

The results are shown in Table 5.3 and indicate that substantial numbers were experiencing each symptom , with some posing a problem for the majority of carers ( losing or hiding things , dangerous or risky behaviour , falling , repeating questions or actions , being restless , angry or irritable , despondent or depressed , or uninterested in what was going on ) .
the results are shown in table 5.3 and indicate that [large] numbers were experiencing each symptom , with some posing a problem for the majority of carers ( losing or hiding things , dangerous or risky behaviour , falling , repeating questions or actions , being restless , angry or irritable , despondent or depressed , or uninterested in what was going on ) .

The calves grow quickly and can be taken to substantial weights without becoming too fat , providing prime beef .
the calves grow quickly and can be taken to [large] weights without becoming too fat , providing prime beef .

’ It was from 1705 that he endowed £1,000 for five schools in Saltash , Liskeard , Looe , Penzance and Grampound ; whether education has wrought any substantial change in youth since that day is open to opinion .
’ it was from 1705 that he endowed £1,000 for five schools in saltash , liskeard , looe , penzance and grampound ; whether education has wrought any [large] change in youth since that day is open to opinion .

Another alternative is to use a bait that can be fed via a swimfeeder , but is big enough to be used on a substantial hook .
another alternative is to use a bait that can be fed via a swimfeeder , but is big enough to be used on a [large] hook .

It is a question for the court whether substantial truth is sufficient .
it is a question for the court whether [large] truth is sufficient .

It is likely that disputes over the respective responsibilities of health and local authorities will intensify , and without substantial investment by the National Health Service in continuing care many older people will remain in inappropriate hospital care .
it is likely that disputes over the respective responsibilities of health and local authorities will intensify , and without [large] investment by the national health service in continuing care many older people will remain in inappropriate hospital care .

Moreover , substantial improvements could often be easily achieved .
moreover , [large] improvements could often be easily achieved .

Other needs , however , demand a much more substantial response .
other needs , however , demand a much more [large] response .

This does not mean that all pensioners live in poverty , but the effect of age discrimination is to depress the whole of this group 's income and it is only those with access to higher incomes through , for example , substantial occupational pensions , who are able to cushion themselves against the economic consequences .
this does not mean that all pensioners live in poverty , but the effect of age discrimination is to depress the whole of this group 's income and it is only those with access to higher incomes through , for example , [large] occupational pensions , who are able to cushion themselves against the economic consequences .

She gave the name of her father , who had recently retired with a substantial pension from a very senior appointment with a multi-national corporation .
she gave the name of her father , who had recently retired with a [large] pension from a very senior appointment with a multi-national corporation .

Although older men have certainly experienced a substantial decline in job opportunities , the problems faced by older women should not be underestimated .
although older men have certainly experienced a [large] decline in job opportunities , the problems faced by older women should not be underestimated .

He said that despite a substantial grant from Lloyds Bank , the event lost £2,000 .
he said that despite a [large] grant from lloyds bank , the event lost £2,000 .

Yet Attlee 's Whitehall achieved things , substantial things , on very little money … .
yet attlee 's whitehall achieved things , [large] things , on very little money … .

It is remarkable that the present Government have never reflected upon the great increase in public expenditure , and the substantial change in its pattern , which has come about during the past five years in consequence of their policies in the field of the social services .
it is remarkable that the present government have never reflected upon the great increase in public expenditure , and the [large] change in its pattern , which has come about during the past five years in consequence of their policies in the field of the social services .

Chapman considered that to win the Double , Arsenal needed to be leading the League by a substantial margin before the Cup came round .
chapman considered that to win the double , arsenal needed to be leading the league by a [large] margin before the cup came round .

‘ Tom was built in the substantial mould of the pre-war fullbacks .
‘ tom was built in the [large] mould of the pre-war fullbacks .

In addition , universities and polytechnics commonly derive substantial funding from endowments , or from grants and gifts from foundations and benefactors .
in addition , universities and polytechnics commonly derive [large] funding from endowments , or from grants and gifts from foundations and benefactors .

Another substantial literature , recently surveyed by Craghill , relates to public library use .
another [large] literature , recently surveyed by craghill , relates to public library use .

In Spring and Autumn , the traditional publishing seasons , lists of forthcoming books with substantial annotations give a good indication of the content of the publisher 's output for the next four month period .
in spring and autumn , the traditional publishing seasons , lists of forthcoming books with [large] annotations give a good indication of the content of the publisher 's output for the next four month period .

After a section has been weeded , those books which are considered worth retaining in their existing form will remain on the shelves — one would hope , a substantial proportion .
after a section has been weeded , those books which are considered worth retaining in their existing form will remain on the shelves — one would hope , a [large] proportion .

The most recent substantial piece of work on public library stock logistics is described in Tony Houghton 's Bookstock management in public libraries ( 1985 ) , again work based upon actual research carried out in a public library system .
the most recent [large] piece of work on public library stock logistics is described in tony houghton 's bookstock management in public libraries ( 1985 ) , again work based upon actual research carried out in a public library system .

One recent study by Williams described the weeding of 20,000 volumes from a college of higher education , which did apparently result in , a substantial rise in issues .
one recent study by williams described the weeding of 20,000 volumes from a college of higher education , which did apparently result in , a [large] rise in issues .

Line and Sandison conclude , ‘ Variations between individual titles , of serials as well as monographs , are likely to be so great that substantial data must be collected for each individual title , perhaps in each library ( certainly in each type of library ) if weeding is to be done on a rational basis ’ .
line and sandison conclude , ‘ variations between individual titles , of serials as well as monographs , are likely to be so great that [large] data must be collected for each individual title , perhaps in each library ( certainly in each type of library ) if weeding is to be done on a rational basis ’ .

Neither issue statistics nor the study of date labels in the books record in-house use , which may often be substantial .
neither issue statistics nor the study of date labels in the books record in-house use , which may often be [large] .

In short , the libraries ' contribution to the market makes a substantial enough impact to gain the attention of publishers and booksellers , but not an overwhelming one in relation to overall sales .
in short , the libraries ' contribution to the market makes a [large] enough impact to gain the attention of publishers and booksellers , but not an overwhelming one in relation to overall sales .

The number of suppliers doing really substantial amounts of business with libraries is very small .
the number of suppliers doing really [large] amounts of business with libraries is very small .

From the nature conservation viewpoint there could be substantial gains if significant areas of the uplands reverted to a more natural condition without agricultural management , providing that forestry intervention on a large scale ( as agricultural land values fell ) was prevented .
from the nature conservation viewpoint there could be [large] gains if significant areas of the uplands reverted to a more natural condition without agricultural management , providing that forestry intervention on a large scale ( as agricultural land values fell ) was prevented .

In the Directive , countryside conservation seems to be equated with retaining a farmed landscape , an objective which can be achieved even with a substantial amount of agricultural intensification .
in the directive , countryside conservation seems to be equated with retaining a farmed landscape , an objective which can be achieved even with a [large] amount of agricultural intensification .

Severe fires have already caused substantial losses .
severe fires have already caused [large] losses .

The uplands and mountains of France , from the Massif Central with its extensive grasslands , large woods , forests and upland wetlands to the high mountains and foothills of the Pyrenees and Alps with their substantial areas of sub-montane and montane vegetation types and permanent snow fields , support a notably varied and impressive fauna and flora .
the uplands and mountains of france , from the massif central with its extensive grasslands , large woods , forests and upland wetlands to the high mountains and foothills of the pyrenees and alps with their [large] areas of sub-montane and montane vegetation types and permanent snow fields , support a notably varied and impressive fauna and flora .

Grants and loans are available for fertilisers but the purchasing costs ( and equipment to spread it ) are still substantial for the farmer and little is used .
grants and loans are available for fertilisers but the purchasing costs ( and equipment to spread it ) are still [large] for the farmer and little is used .

The French , in their LFAs are supporting young incomers to farming with substantial ‘ settling in ’ grants and much of their other capital expenditure goes towards farm buildings for wintering livestock and the provision of improved road accesses for winter use .
the french , in their lfas are supporting young incomers to farming with [large] ‘ settling in ’ grants and much of their other capital expenditure goes towards farm buildings for wintering livestock and the provision of improved road accesses for winter use .

It is a substantial brick watermill , and dates from the seventeenth century .
it is a [large] brick watermill , and dates from the seventeenth century .

Historically , to prohibit cruelty to animals has amounted to prohibiting the infliction of unnecessary pain , or unjustified pain , especially when the pain is substantial and the human agent has acted wantonly or maliciously , and with intent .
historically , to prohibit cruelty to animals has amounted to prohibiting the infliction of unnecessary pain , or unjustified pain , especially when the pain is [large] and the human agent has acted wantonly or maliciously , and with intent .

If these descriptions assume that the only moral prohibition we must honour is the prohibition against cruelty , then they assume that it is sometimes morally permissible to cause animals pain , even substantial pain .
if these descriptions assume that the only moral prohibition we must honour is the prohibition against cruelty , then they assume that it is sometimes morally permissible to cause animals pain , even [large] pain .

It is something that many people would not like to see , but there is no question that a high proportion of animals which are shot will carry lead shot for a while , will die after a long period — in many cases days or weeks — and there is a substantial amount of suffering when this happens .
it is something that many people would not like to see , but there is no question that a high proportion of animals which are shot will carry lead shot for a while , will die after a long period — in many cases days or weeks — and there is a [large] amount of suffering when this happens .

Captive breeding of rare species is a skill which is developing and which , in the long run , is likely to have a substantial effect on which species do survive .
captive breeding of rare species is a skill which is developing and which , in the long run , is likely to have a [large] effect on which species do survive .

In the 1980s , among an entire group of paediatric anaesthetists , a substantial fraction believed that newborn children did not feel pain and therefore they did not give analgesics to newborn babies .
in the 1980s , among an entire group of paediatric anaesthetists , a [large] fraction believed that newborn children did not feel pain and therefore they did not give analgesics to newborn babies .

Naturally , some parent companies are reluctant to give sweeping guarantees , but the arguments in favour of them are strong from the expatriate 's point of view , especially if he is being asked to transfer from the parent to a less substantial overseas subsidiary .
naturally , some parent companies are reluctant to give sweeping guarantees , but the arguments in favour of them are strong from the expatriate 's point of view , especially if he is being asked to transfer from the parent to a less [large] overseas subsidiary .

Large organisations with substantial personnel management resources tend to grade employees each year , arranging in-depth discussions and permitting appeals against adverse markings .
large organisations with [large] personnel management resources tend to grade employees each year , arranging in-depth discussions and permitting appeals against adverse markings .

The danger that , by trying to protect your future career prospects , you may throw away substantial cash sums in terms of severance payments is a real one , as the case of International Computers Ltd v Kennedy ( 1981 ) illustrates .
the danger that , by trying to protect your future career prospects , you may throw away [large] cash sums in terms of severance payments is a real one , as the case of international computers ltd v kennedy ( 1981 ) illustrates .

Indulging in litigation may mean that you have to expend substantial sums of money and wait a long time before achieving victory ; to lose could prove very costly .
indulging in litigation may mean that you have to expend [large] sums of money and wait a long time before achieving victory ; to lose could prove very costly .

His mother was Jane Coleridge , a native of the neighbouring parish of Drewsteignton , and his father , as Coleridge later claimed , was probably William Northmore ( 1640–1716 ) , member of a substantial Devon family and owner of Wonson Manor in Throwleigh .
his mother was jane coleridge , a native of the neighbouring parish of drewsteignton , and his father , as coleridge later claimed , was probably william northmore ( 1640–1716 ) , member of a [large] devon family and owner of wonson manor in throwleigh .

Within hours of his arrival , Coleridge was listening to Wordsworth recite a substantial new poem called ‘ The Ruined Cottage ’ ; after tea Coleridge replied with two and a half acts of Osorio , and in the morning followed the whole of The Borderers , Wordsworth 's north country tragedy .
within hours of his arrival , coleridge was listening to wordsworth recite a [large] new poem called ‘ the ruined cottage ’ ; after tea coleridge replied with two and a half acts of osorio , and in the morning followed the whole of the borderers , wordsworth 's north country tragedy .

Some of Wordsworth 's most radical contributions to the Lyrical Ballads were to explore the tragic experience of country people , and John Walford 's story was itself used by Wordsworth as the subject of a substantial poem .
some of wordsworth 's most radical contributions to the lyrical ballads were to explore the tragic experience of country people , and john walford 's story was itself used by wordsworth as the subject of a [large] poem .

Coleridge must soon have taken the poem to read to the Wordsworths , and in the following month had an even more substantial achievement to show them .
coleridge must soon have taken the poem to read to the wordsworths , and in the following month had an even more [large] achievement to show them .

Another poem , ‘ Fears in Solitude ’ , was also completed that April , and was probably Coleridge 's last substantial poem of the Alfoxden year .
another poem , ‘ fears in solitude ’ , was also completed that april , and was probably coleridge 's last [large] poem of the alfoxden year .

The costs involved are direct and substantial .
the costs involved are direct and [large] .

The effects of such diets individually appear small , which raises the possibility that combining several of these factors may have a more substantial effect .
the effects of such diets individually appear small , which raises the possibility that combining several of these factors may have a more [large] effect .

This led to a substantial increase in platelet cholesterol concentration , the bulk of this increase being associated with the platelet membrane .
this led to a [large] increase in platelet cholesterol concentration , the bulk of this increase being associated with the platelet membrane .

Past gradients seem unlikely to have fallen much lower than this for substantial periods of time .
past gradients seem unlikely to have fallen much lower than this for [large] periods of time .

Anhydrite in minor quantities has been reported at different Devonian horizons in two wells in France and Belgium , and in more substantial thickness in the Dinantian in Belgium ( Massa and Oudin 1980 ) ; intriguing speculations have been made that halite might be present deeper in the Namur and Dinant basins .
anhydrite in minor quantities has been reported at different devonian horizons in two wells in france and belgium , and in more [large] thickness in the dinantian in belgium ( massa and oudin 1980 ) ; intriguing speculations have been made that halite might be present deeper in the namur and dinant basins .

Much later the Boots Pure Drug Co. endowed professorships in honour of Lord and Lady Trent which made a substantial contribution to the academic growth of the University .
much later the boots pure drug co. endowed professorships in honour of lord and lady trent which made a [large] contribution to the academic growth of the university .

Following this , a substantial paper in which the subject is analysed in detail was produced by Szekeres ( 1972 ) .
following this , a [large] paper in which the subject is analysed in detail was produced by szekeres ( 1972 ) .

It would seem only prudent and realistic to adopt the wider definition , otherwise the management developer risks ignoring substantial numbers of powerful people who ‘ make things happen ’ in health care .
it would seem only prudent and realistic to adopt the wider definition , otherwise the management developer risks ignoring [large] numbers of powerful people who ‘ make things happen ’ in health care .

In private cases this was progress of a substantial order .
in private cases this was progress of a [large] order .

This view of ‘ empiricism ’ would be upheld by a substantial proportion of scientific workers .
this view of ‘ empiricism ’ would be upheld by a [large] proportion of scientific workers .

Pay was better than that for the average working man , more substantial than the ten-bob dole which was the experience of many of their compatriots .
pay was better than that for the average working man , more [large] than the ten-bob dole which was the experience of many of their compatriots .

Police earnings in the 1920s were substantial by comparison with most other occupations to which a working man could aspire .
police earnings in the 1920s were [large] by comparison with most other occupations to which a working man could aspire .

Bob was a clever inside or centre-forward who joined the Palace in September 1952 for a substantial £3,000 from Fulham .
bob was a clever inside or centre-forward who joined the palace in september 1952 for a [large] £3,000 from fulham .

In such a framework , individuals were often encouraged to take substantial initiatives and carry subordinates with them .
in such a framework , individuals were often encouraged to take [large] initiatives and carry subordinates with them .

To say anything sensible about ( d ) and ( c ) , substantial long-term studies of changes over time as well as in different places are called for .
to say anything sensible about ( d ) and ( c ) , [large] long-term studies of changes over time as well as in different places are called for .

It is equally absurd , once the working parties have consulted on content and won substantial professional support for their proposals , for subject departments to claim that content as their own .
it is equally absurd , once the working parties have consulted on content and won [large] professional support for their proposals , for subject departments to claim that content as their own .

There is a substantial body of evidence to indicate that the most effective schools — the schools that are high-achieving , highly regarded and adaptable — are those which have found ways of involving teachers in decisions , and hence in the ownership of them .
there is a [large] body of evidence to indicate that the most effective schools — the schools that are high-achieving , highly regarded and adaptable — are those which have found ways of involving teachers in decisions , and hence in the ownership of them .

Apart from the absence of any selection board , and any other substantial barrier to student entry , Coleman had some sense on his side .
apart from the absence of any selection board , and any other [large] barrier to student entry , coleman had some sense on his side .

There are often more substantial resources behind partners from large industrial companies than their partners from educational institutions .
there are often more [large] resources behind partners from large industrial companies than their partners from educational institutions .

There had been severe deindustrialisation for a decade within the local economy with substantial and permanent job losses , particularly in steel and engineering .
there had been severe deindustrialisation for a decade within the local economy with [large] and permanent job losses , particularly in steel and engineering .

The present position is especially unsatisfactory ; instability and uncertainty follow the imposition of a major government programme for education without adequate consultation and in the face of substantial calls for modification .
the present position is especially unsatisfactory ; instability and uncertainty follow the imposition of a major government programme for education without adequate consultation and in the face of [large] calls for modification .

Many teachers recognise that examinations do not measure experience and achievement ; they reflect the ability of the individual to respond to a number of questions , drawn from a substantial syllabus , at a particular time .
many teachers recognise that examinations do not measure experience and achievement ; they reflect the ability of the individual to respond to a number of questions , drawn from a [large] syllabus , at a particular time .

to cause or knowingly to permit any matter to enter a stream , so as to tend ( either directly or in combination with other matter which is caused or permitted to enter the stream ) to impede the flow of the stream in a way that would lead to a substantial aggravation of pollution due to other causes ;
to cause or knowingly to permit any matter to enter a stream , so as to tend ( either directly or in combination with other matter which is caused or permitted to enter the stream ) to impede the flow of the stream in a way that would lead to a [large] aggravation of pollution due to other causes ;

Planning permission for the erection of three poultry houses , each 34 metres by 11 metres was refused the main reason being that the development of a substantial poultry business in such close proximity to a village was considered undesirable , by reason of the inherent risk of odour .
planning permission for the erection of three poultry houses , each 34 metres by 11 metres was refused the main reason being that the development of a [large] poultry business in such close proximity to a village was considered undesirable , by reason of the inherent risk of odour .

63. — ( 1 ) : In every factory in which , in connection with any process carried on , there is given off any dust or fume or other impurity of such a character and to such extent as to be likely to be injurious or offensive to the persons employed , or any substantial quantity of dust of any kind , all practicable measures shall be taken to protect the persons employed against inhalation of the dust or fume or other impurity and to prevent its accumulation in any workroom , and in particular , where the nature of the process makes it practicable , exhaust appliances shall be provided and maintained , as near as possible to the point of origin of the dust or fume or other impurity , so as to prevent its entering the air of any workroom . ’
63. — ( 1 ) : in every factory in which , in connection with any process carried on , there is given off any dust or fume or other impurity of such a character and to such extent as to be likely to be injurious or offensive to the persons employed , or any [large] quantity of dust of any kind , all practicable measures shall be taken to protect the persons employed against inhalation of the dust or fume or other impurity and to prevent its accumulation in any workroom , and in particular , where the nature of the process makes it practicable , exhaust appliances shall be provided and maintained , as near as possible to the point of origin of the dust or fume or other impurity , so as to prevent its entering the air of any workroom . ’

The changing financial fortunes of local government have been accompanied by substantial organizational change .
the changing financial fortunes of local government have been accompanied by [large] organizational change .

And , certainly , it was difficult to find any substantial difference in approach between authorities on the basis of party political control .
and , certainly , it was difficult to find any [large] difference in approach between authorities on the basis of party political control .

This was reflected in a series of official government reports and White Papers , which offered the prospect of a still greater expansion of local authority spending and responsibility but only on the basis of substantial reorganization to provide greater efficiency and improve the calibre of councillors and officers .
this was reflected in a series of official government reports and white papers , which offered the prospect of a still greater expansion of local authority spending and responsibility but only on the basis of [large] reorganization to provide greater efficiency and improve the calibre of councillors and officers .

But circumstantial evidence suggests that his case is weaker than he would allow : in particular , there is little evidence before the late 1970s of substantial party political conflict within local government .
but circumstantial evidence suggests that his case is weaker than he would allow : in particular , there is little evidence before the late 1970s of [large] party political conflict within local government .

The ambitions of the modernizers , themselves , seem to have been exaggerated and to have encouraged commentators to believe more substantial change was taking place than was actually implemented .
the ambitions of the modernizers , themselves , seem to have been exaggerated and to have encouraged commentators to believe more [large] change was taking place than was actually implemented .

At the time those concerns were far less significant than they were to become in the late 1970s , and reorganization was actually accompanied by a substantial increase in local authority spending .
at the time those concerns were far less significant than they were to become in the late 1970s , and reorganization was actually accompanied by a [large] increase in local authority spending .

First , like Dearlove , it still seems to exaggerate the localness of local politics and the extent to which they ever presented a substantial obstacle to the programmes of the centre .
first , like dearlove , it still seems to exaggerate the localness of local politics and the extent to which they ever presented a [large] obstacle to the programmes of the centre .

Although councils have often been appointed to sit on the boards , more recently they have been more open to direct local authority involvement : in the case of Sheffield in 1988 , for example , there was a substantial degree of negotiation over representation from the start .
although councils have often been appointed to sit on the boards , more recently they have been more open to direct local authority involvement : in the case of sheffield in 1988 , for example , there was a [large] degree of negotiation over representation from the start .

Secondly , there needs to be a reasonably close relationship between taxation and accountability : if some voters can gain markedly greater benefits than others without making any substantial financial contribution , then the electoral system is likely to encourage higher levels of spending than would be justified on grounds of efficiency .
secondly , there needs to be a reasonably close relationship between taxation and accountability : if some voters can gain markedly greater benefits than others without making any [large] financial contribution , then the electoral system is likely to encourage higher levels of spending than would be justified on grounds of efficiency .

If anything , the networks of control have become tighter and the area of independent choice has been reduced , yet public choice theory would suggest that such control was unlikely to achieve substantial cuts in spending .
if anything , the networks of control have become tighter and the area of independent choice has been reduced , yet public choice theory would suggest that such control was unlikely to achieve [large] cuts in spending .

As a consequence , any increase in overall spending determined at local level will require a substantial increase in local taxation ( assuming central grant remains the same ) , i.e .
as a consequence , any increase in overall spending determined at local level will require a [large] increase in local taxation ( assuming central grant remains the same ) , i.e .

a 1 per cent increase will require a 4 per cent increase in locally raised funds including the community charge and specific fees and charges , thus reducing the likelihood of substantial local variation .
a 1 per cent increase will require a 4 per cent increase in locally raised funds including the community charge and specific fees and charges , thus reducing the likelihood of [large] local variation .

the encouragement of ‘ city technology colleges ’ , with substantial financial support from the private sector , separately funded from other schools and with specialist attention to teaching on science and technology ;
the encouragement of ‘ city technology colleges ’ , with [large] financial support from the private sector , separately funded from other schools and with specialist attention to teaching on science and technology ;

If substantial structural change is taking place , then , it does not seem to be following the lines which would be suggested by public choice theory .
if [large] structural change is taking place , then , it does not seem to be following the lines which would be suggested by public choice theory .

It was not only a substantial spender of public money , but also a major provider of public services , often allocated collectively , sometimes even on the criteria of social need .
it was not only a [large] spender of public money , but also a major provider of public services , often allocated collectively , sometimes even on the criteria of social need .

Any substantial shortfall in the nature of training may be made up , at the option of the applicant , by a period of supervised practice or by passing an examination .
any [large] shortfall in the nature of training may be made up , at the option of the applicant , by a period of supervised practice or by passing an examination .

In the 1983 draft , such matters include major closures and relocations ; substantial reductions or alterations in the business ; major organisational changes , including those arising from new technologies ; joint ventures ; and health and safety .
in the 1983 draft , such matters include major closures and relocations ; [large] reductions or alterations in the business ; major organisational changes , including those arising from new technologies ; joint ventures ; and health and safety .

The Commission is vigilant in investigating , and severely punishes ‘ naked horizontal cartels ’ such as price fixing and market sharing and the abuse by groups with a dominant position in the market in any substantial area of the Community ( Article 86 ) . The following are recent examples of situations considered and action taken by the Commission :
the commission is vigilant in investigating , and severely punishes ‘ naked horizontal cartels ’ such as price fixing and market sharing and the abuse by groups with a dominant position in the market in any [large] area of the community ( article 86 ) . the following are recent examples of situations considered and action taken by the commission :

Although the process of notification inevitably involves time spent in preparation , the provision of substantial quantities of information , not to mention the incurring of legal fees , the advantages outweigh the disadvantages .
although the process of notification inevitably involves time spent in preparation , the provision of [large] quantities of information , not to mention the incurring of legal fees , the advantages outweigh the disadvantages .

The dismantling of internal frontiers can be expected to result in major corporate reorganisations in the Community , particularly in the form of concentrations … Such a development must be welcomed as being in line with the requirements of dynamic competition and capable of increasing the competitiveness of European industry , improving the conditions of growth and raising the standard of living in the Community … It must be ensured that the process of reorganisation does not result in lasting damage to competition [ and ] Community law must therefore include provisions governing those concentrations which may impede effective competition in the common market or in a substantial part of it .
the dismantling of internal frontiers can be expected to result in major corporate reorganisations in the community , particularly in the form of concentrations … such a development must be welcomed as being in line with the requirements of dynamic competition and capable of increasing the competitiveness of european industry , improving the conditions of growth and raising the standard of living in the community … it must be ensured that the process of reorganisation does not result in lasting damage to competition [ and ] community law must therefore include provisions governing those concentrations which may impede effective competition in the common market or in a [large] part of it .

It will be incompatible if it creates or strengthens a dominant position as a result of which effective competition would be significantly impeded in the Common Market or in a substantial part of it .
it will be incompatible if it creates or strengthens a dominant position as a result of which effective competition would be significantly impeded in the common market or in a [large] part of it .

The Commission has to base its legal assessment on the aspects of competition in a substantial part of the Common Market .
the commission has to base its legal assessment on the aspects of competition in a [large] part of the common market .

In the Continental Can decision in 1973 the European Court held that a company which already held a dominant position in the Common Market or a substantial part of it could be treated as exploiting it abusively so as to infringe Article 86 , if it moved significantly towards monopoly by taking over a competitor .
in the continental can decision in 1973 the european court held that a company which already held a dominant position in the common market or a [large] part of it could be treated as exploiting it abusively so as to infringe article 86 , if it moved significantly towards monopoly by taking over a competitor .

Instead of having to prove substantial fettering of competition , it may now be enough for the Commission to show that competition has already been weakened by the presence of the dominant undertaking and that some further action on its part would impede the maintenance or development of effective competition in ( or in a substantial part of the Common Market .
instead of having to prove [large] fettering of competition , it may now be enough for the commission to show that competition has already been weakened by the presence of the dominant undertaking and that some further action on its part would impede the maintenance or development of effective competition in ( or in a [large] part of the common market .

This performance was a substantial improvement over the current diagnostic tables .
this performance was a [large] improvement over the current diagnostic tables .

Substantial investment is required in order to maintain aircraft in an airworthy condition .
[large] investment is required in order to maintain aircraft in an airworthy condition .

Under such circumstances a substantial increase in aircraft maintenance workload prevails .
under such circumstances a [large] increase in aircraft maintenance workload prevails .

The real threat was more substantial , and imminent .
the real threat was more [large] , and imminent .

More problematical is primary impotence which is the state attributed to men who have never had an erection substantial enough to permit vaginal entry .
more problematical is primary impotence which is the state attributed to men who have never had an erection [large] enough to permit vaginal entry .

The noise her substantial rump and the side of the bus produced as they came into contact , increased her alarm .
the noise her [large] rump and the side of the bus produced as they came into contact , increased her alarm .

At only £15 for an adult and £30 for a family , joining English Heritage could mean substantial savings when compared with paying normal admission prices .
at only £15 for an adult and £30 for a family , joining english heritage could mean [large] savings when compared with paying normal admission prices .

The substantial remains include a large 14th century gatehouse where you an see the newly opened exhibition on the history of this momentous site .
the [large] remains include a large 14th century gatehouse where you an see the newly opened exhibition on the history of this momentous site .

Access for visitors in wheelchairs to substantial ground-floor area and gardens ; toilets ; car park .
access for visitors in wheelchairs to [large] ground-floor area and gardens ; toilets ; car park .

Substantial vineyard shop sells wines , local crafts , Sussex cheeses and produce .
[large] vineyard shop sells wines , local crafts , sussex cheeses and produce .

In 1870 he persuaded Queen Victoria to let him , in addition , the substantial White Lodge in Richmond Park which doubled his household expenses .
in 1870 he persuaded queen victoria to let him , in addition , the [large] white lodge in richmond park which doubled his household expenses .

Filled with recipes for quick , easy , yet substantial and delicious meals it may soon become your bible .
filled with recipes for quick , easy , yet [large] and delicious meals it may soon become your bible .

There is , of course , substantial uncertainty about this figure .
there is , of course , [large] uncertainty about this figure .

There is substantial interest in the possibility of promoting these reactions with homogeneous catalysts .
there is [large] interest in the possibility of promoting these reactions with homogeneous catalysts .

Such substantial additions to the diet happen only among the largest specimens , such as Nepenthics rajah of tropical Borneo , whose pitcher could encompass a rugby ball .
such [large] additions to the diet happen only among the largest specimens , such as nepenthics rajah of tropical borneo , whose pitcher could encompass a rugby ball .

Often substantial energy savings are achieved by recycling waste materials .
often [large] energy savings are achieved by recycling waste materials .

Saint Gobain took a substantial share in Olivetti to try to cement a tie between Cii-Honeywell Bull and the big Italian multinational .
saint gobain took a [large] share in olivetti to try to cement a tie between cii-honeywell bull and the big italian multinational .

Substantial amounts have been earmarked for energy — mainly to a new agency for energy management and the atomic energy agency .
[large] amounts have been earmarked for energy — mainly to a new agency for energy management and the atomic energy agency .

But despite the doubts , it seems at least probable that substantial research spending increases have occurred , at least in the seven areas singled out for special treatment .
but despite the doubts , it seems at least probable that [large] research spending increases have occurred , at least in the seven areas singled out for special treatment .

There are four active research groups here , all receiving substantial support from Research Councils , charitable foundations , government departments and industry .
there are four active research groups here , all receiving [large] support from research councils , charitable foundations , government departments and industry .

The Russians have issued a more substantial document , telephone-directory size and with 240 pages .
the russians have issued a more [large] document , telephone-directory size and with 240 pages .

Hydroelectric power will continue to make a substantial contribution , but any further development will serve primarily to store energy , and not to produce more electricity .
hydroelectric power will continue to make a [large] contribution , but any further development will serve primarily to store energy , and not to produce more electricity .

The operating stage that follows represents a permanent addition of 1000 people , together with their families , and also , most important of all , a substantial financial contribution in the form of the taxes Electricite de France must pay to the parishes .
the operating stage that follows represents a permanent addition of 1000 people , together with their families , and also , most important of all , a [large] financial contribution in the form of the taxes electricite de france must pay to the parishes .

It can live for 10 years , and grow to a substantial 20 kilograms .
it can live for 10 years , and grow to a [large] 20 kilograms .

That is , if you exclude from ‘ physics ’ the glamour areas of astronomy and particle physics , leaving the substantial but hard-to define area that includes our knowledge of solids , liquids and gasses , interactions between atoms and electrons , magnetism , instruments and techniques .
that is , if you exclude from ‘ physics ’ the glamour areas of astronomy and particle physics , leaving the [large] but hard-to define area that includes our knowledge of solids , liquids and gasses , interactions between atoms and electrons , magnetism , instruments and techniques .

It is heartening to know that road casualties present no substantial threat to the toads at this particular lake .
it is heartening to know that road casualties present no [large] threat to the toads at this particular lake .

The Department of science and Technology had a substantial number of submissions before the Cabinet , hoping that one or two might be funded .
the department of science and technology had a [large] number of submissions before the cabinet , hoping that one or two might be funded .

The most substantial boost has gone to Antarctic research .
the most [large] boost has gone to antarctic research .

Despite serious and sometimes substantial attempts to provide policy-makers with alternatives , the view of the problem that has ‘ stuck ’ remains that expressed by Hermann Kahn 's central question , ‘ What price are we prepared to pay to deter the aggressor ?
despite serious and sometimes [large] attempts to provide policy-makers with alternatives , the view of the problem that has ‘ stuck ’ remains that expressed by hermann kahn 's central question , ‘ what price are we prepared to pay to deter the aggressor ?

These large ( 100–150 gram ) rats make a substantial meal .
these large ( 100–150 gram ) rats make a [large] meal .

Insects falling into the water during the summer provide a substantial proportion of the diet of trout .
insects falling into the water during the summer provide a [large] proportion of the diet of trout .

It seems likely that it involved the utilisation of the X-rays emitted by the fission bomb trigger to propagate the explosion throughout the charge of thermonuclear fuel ; travelling at the speed of light they could initiate the fusion reaction in all parts of the charge in a time much less than could be achieved by shock waves ( travelling at perhaps 104m/s ) , so that a substantial degree of reaction Could occur before the material was dispersed by the explosion ( New Scientist , 2 September , 1982 , p641 ) .
it seems likely that it involved the utilisation of the x-rays emitted by the fission bomb trigger to propagate the explosion throughout the charge of thermonuclear fuel ; travelling at the speed of light they could initiate the fusion reaction in all parts of the charge in a time much less than could be achieved by shock waves ( travelling at perhaps 104m/s ) , so that a [large] degree of reaction could occur before the material was dispersed by the explosion ( new scientist , 2 september , 1982 , p641 ) .

Two hundred years ago , those people who drank substantial quantities of cider often suffered a strange disability dubbed the Devonshire colic .
two hundred years ago , those people who drank [large] quantities of cider often suffered a strange disability dubbed the devonshire colic .

In substantial problems , this technique may be used many times before one finally resolves the question .
in [large] problems , this technique may be used many times before one finally resolves the question .

But apart from a few minor lines the Wüppertal line remains the only substantial operations .
but apart from a few minor lines the wüppertal line remains the only [large] operations .

Niels Reimers , director of Stanford 's office of technology licensing , told New Scientist that there was substantial support For the idea from both universities and industry , though the establishment of the corporation would require ‘ considerable effort and commitment ’ .
niels reimers , director of stanford 's office of technology licensing , told new scientist that there was [large] support for the idea from both universities and industry , though the establishment of the corporation would require ‘ considerable effort and commitment ’ .

’ It said that the ‘ benefit/cost ratio of Super-SARA is low and that , at the present time , the risk can not be discounted of substantial cost overruns .
’ it said that the ‘ benefit/cost ratio of super-sara is low and that , at the present time , the risk can not be discounted of [large] cost overruns .

The Report concluded : ‘ Moreover in recent years there was a substantial increase in Argentina 's military strengths in all three of its armed services , which must have increased its confidence in its ability to occupy the Islands and retain them . ’
the report concluded : ‘ moreover in recent years there was a [large] increase in argentina 's military strengths in all three of its armed services , which must have increased its confidence in its ability to occupy the islands and retain them . ’

Most of these fields are already well populated , excessively so in some cases , and our late entry would be unlikely to make a substantial impact .
most of these fields are already well populated , excessively so in some cases , and our late entry would be unlikely to make a [large] impact .

We try to bring about an environment in which creativity can flourish by selecting people of outstanding ability who wish to work on a problem of their own choice and for which we can imagine a substantial outcome .
we try to bring about an environment in which creativity can flourish by selecting people of outstanding ability who wish to work on a problem of their own choice and for which we can imagine a [large] outcome .

The qualitative approach may be acceptable for small systems , but for more substantial enterprises it would be surprising if the development of more disciplined and rigorous approaches , say through the wider use of mathematics , would not be more successful and lead to new types of opportunity .
the qualitative approach may be acceptable for small systems , but for more [large] enterprises it would be surprising if the development of more disciplined and rigorous approaches , say through the wider use of mathematics , would not be more successful and lead to new types of opportunity .

But in Britain , the Home Office is occupying a substantial part of this band , from 97.6 to 102.1 MHz for radios belonging to the police and emergency services .
but in britain , the home office is occupying a [large] part of this band , from 97.6 to 102.1 mhz for radios belonging to the police and emergency services .

This ore contains substantial volumes of zinc and copper , which are produced as by-products of the more valuable tin .
this ore contains [large] volumes of zinc and copper , which are produced as by-products of the more valuable tin .

The Citizen 's Band fiasco has shown the importance of establishing standards before substantial amounts of equipment are sold .
the citizen 's band fiasco has shown the importance of establishing standards before [large] amounts of equipment are sold .

The cost would be substantial , even when viewed as a military exercise , for the men would have to be supplied with food , water and ammunition by helicopter , and there would have to be medical facilities aboard nearby ships in case of broken legs and so forth .
the cost would be [large] , even when viewed as a military exercise , for the men would have to be supplied with food , water and ammunition by helicopter , and there would have to be medical facilities aboard nearby ships in case of broken legs and so forth .

In addition , when a sample is analysed by different techniques the results sometimes show substantial variations , while no technique is more precise than about 5 or 10 per cent of the measurement indicated .
in addition , when a sample is analysed by different techniques the results sometimes show [large] variations , while no technique is more precise than about 5 or 10 per cent of the measurement indicated .

Pointless , that is , to all but Richter , who had thereby acquired substantial financial support and much publicity and local kudos .
pointless , that is , to all but richter , who had thereby acquired [large] financial support and much publicity and local kudos .

1975 statistics from Lesotho reveal the following figures : Schools in Cameroon and in rural areas in Sierra Leone and Ethiopia are unlikely to fare better , while there is no country in Africa without substantial numbers of schools where physical conditions inhibit any but the most basic instruction .
1975 statistics from lesotho reveal the following figures : schools in cameroon and in rural areas in sierra leone and ethiopia are unlikely to fare better , while there is no country in africa without [large] numbers of schools where physical conditions inhibit any but the most basic instruction .

In a number of cases , however , there may be a tendency to regard it , rather , as a sort of libation to the gods — a project or programme acquiring a certain added respectability by being evaluated , but with no deep-seated resolve on the part of its organisers to make any substantial organisational or financial investment in change ( after all to contemplate fundamental change to a primary programme once it is underway is an exceptionally costly business ) .
in a number of cases , however , there may be a tendency to regard it , rather , as a sort of libation to the gods — a project or programme acquiring a certain added respectability by being evaluated , but with no deep-seated resolve on the part of its organisers to make any [large] organisational or financial investment in change ( after all to contemplate fundamental change to a primary programme once it is underway is an exceptionally costly business ) .

To James McGuire , their eldest son , he gave an estate at Houston , in Renfrewshire , and an unknown substantial sum of money , on condition that he changed his name to James McGuire Macrae .
to james mcguire , their eldest son , he gave an estate at houston , in renfrewshire , and an unknown [large] sum of money , on condition that he changed his name to james mcguire macrae .

Any organisation which handles large sums of money , yet has no need to produce evidence of substantial measurable benefits accruing from its activities , is wide open to corruption .
any organisation which handles large sums of money , yet has no need to produce evidence of [large] measurable benefits accruing from its activities , is wide open to corruption .

As he moved away from the tree it became apparent to Marian that between him and the trunk lay a substantial sack , and that it was this he had been defending so stoutly .
as he moved away from the tree it became apparent to marian that between him and the trunk lay a [large] sack , and that it was this he had been defending so stoutly .

While the heir or the heiress was in wardship , the lord enjoyed the profits of the fief , and from the marriage of a desirable heiress he might also hope to reap a substantial benefit .
while the heir or the heiress was in wardship , the lord enjoyed the profits of the fief , and from the marriage of a desirable heiress he might also hope to reap a [large] benefit .

No Norman king in England recruited his knights entirely by feudal service ; his army always had a substantial mercenary element in it .
no norman king in england recruited his knights entirely by feudal service ; his army always had a [large] mercenary element in it .

Of early Germanic epics the only substantial survivor is the English Beowulf , probably of the eighth century , whose text presupposes the existence of a large repertoire of lost epics .
of early germanic epics the only [large] survivor is the english beowulf , probably of the eighth century , whose text presupposes the existence of a large repertoire of lost epics .

These formed far and away the largest group in the population of Europe , and it is the evidence that their numbers were expanding rapidly which offers the most substantial proof that the population of western Christendom as a whole was rising at this time .
these formed far and away the largest group in the population of europe , and it is the evidence that their numbers were expanding rapidly which offers the most [large] proof that the population of western christendom as a whole was rising at this time .

By the tenth century slaves were rarely to be found in France or Germany ; they were a minority , though still a substantial minority , in England ; they were still common in southern Europe ( see pp .
by the tenth century slaves were rarely to be found in france or germany ; they were a minority , though still a [large] minority , in england ; they were still common in southern europe ( see pp .

One answer to this problem may be found in the documents which record the surrender of their freedom by substantial peasant landholders in the eleventh century : the landlords bought their subjection for a substantial grant of land ; in return , by becoming serfs , the peasants agreed never to leave their plot of land .
one answer to this problem may be found in the documents which record the surrender of their freedom by [large] peasant landholders in the eleventh century : the landlords bought their subjection for a [large] grant of land ; in return , by becoming serfs , the peasants agreed never to leave their plot of land .

The parishes disposed ( in theory at least ) of quite substantial sums intended for charitable uses , and these were supplemented by the monasteries .
the parishes disposed ( in theory at least ) of quite [large] sums intended for charitable uses , and these were supplemented by the monasteries .

This is a striking indication of the role of money in European society as a whole ; it reveals that even the peasantry must have reckoned , under good conditions , to produce , and to sell in the local market , a substantial surplus .
this is a striking indication of the role of money in european society as a whole ; it reveals that even the peasantry must have reckoned , under good conditions , to produce , and to sell in the local market , a [large] surplus .

But the prejudice against money-lending was a bar to the development of credit and of the money economy in general ; and it was singularly fortunate for the Europe of the eleventh and twelfth centuries that there was a substantial group of active and intelligent people who had overcome the prohibition of usury .
but the prejudice against money-lending was a bar to the development of credit and of the money economy in general ; and it was singularly fortunate for the europe of the eleventh and twelfth centuries that there was a [large] group of active and intelligent people who had overcome the prohibition of usury .

Sir Richard Southern has made famous the extraordinary story of how the twelve great-great-grandchildren of a tenth-century priest divided a substantial part of the income of Arezzo cathedral among themselves in the late eleventh century .
sir richard southern has made famous the extraordinary story of how the twelve great-great-grandchildren of a tenth-century priest divided a [large] part of the income of arezzo cathedral among themselves in the late eleventh century .

We do not know in detail whence the monks were recruited ; but on the whole they seem mainly to have come from the upper classes , and perhaps from the families of substantial town-dwellers .
we do not know in detail whence the monks were recruited ; but on the whole they seem mainly to have come from the upper classes , and perhaps from the families of [large] town-dwellers .

The archaeological record seemed to confirm this , for there was a singular dearth of substantial finds or evidence of major structures in most English towns , including London .
the archaeological record seemed to confirm this , for there was a singular dearth of [large] finds or evidence of major structures in most english towns , including london .

But by the time that they were completed the largest space of all was the nave , which might serve various purposes — as a shelter for great processions , as a substantial public hall and meeting place ; but above all provided space for visitors and lay worshippers .
but by the time that they were completed the largest space of all was the nave , which might serve various purposes — as a shelter for great processions , as a [large] public hall and meeting place ; but above all provided space for visitors and lay worshippers .

Already in Carolingian times the imperial army had had a nucleus of fully trained warriors who served their lord in exchange for holding substantial fiefs .
already in carolingian times the imperial army had had a nucleus of fully trained warriors who served their lord in exchange for holding [large] fiefs .

In some countries feudal institutions were not fully developed ; in many there were still substantial areas of allodial territory .
in some countries feudal institutions were not fully developed ; in many there were still [large] areas of allodial territory .

Bishops and abbots were expected to produce substantial contingents .
bishops and abbots were expected to produce [large] contingents .

Even though he appears to have been born with the skills , he needs to build up a substantial repertoire of techniques .
even though he appears to have been born with the skills , he needs to build up a [large] repertoire of techniques .

If the community of deaf people is substantial , some members of staff should be prepared to learn to sign or finger-spell , or at least to be conscious of the requirements of lip-readers .
if the community of deaf people is [large] , some members of staff should be prepared to learn to sign or finger-spell , or at least to be conscious of the requirements of lip-readers .

The response of airports and airlines to the Channel Tunnel has been coloured by the impending deregulation of air transport in Europe which is expected to lead to a substantial fall in fares and a rise in business over the next few years .
the response of airports and airlines to the channel tunnel has been coloured by the impending deregulation of air transport in europe which is expected to lead to a [large] fall in fares and a rise in business over the next few years .

The removal of administrative and physical barriers after 1992/93 could , in theory , give a substantial boost to economic growth by allowing the development of more natural economic market areas .
the removal of administrative and physical barriers after 1992/93 could , in theory , give a [large] boost to economic growth by allowing the development of more natural economic market areas .

However , the furore aroused by the rail link , and continued opposition in Ashford to development associated with the new international railway station , show that , whatever the future benefits of development might be , a substantial proportion of the population wants no part of it .
however , the furore aroused by the rail link , and continued opposition in ashford to development associated with the new international railway station , show that , whatever the future benefits of development might be , a [large] proportion of the population wants no part of it .

Although accountants may be on hand , the surveyor at partner level in a growing practice , or one of a substantial size , may find himself in the anomalous situation of spending the major part of his time on management for which he received no training rather than on technical matters , in which he is expert .
although accountants may be on hand , the surveyor at partner level in a growing practice , or one of a [large] size , may find himself in the anomalous situation of spending the major part of his time on management for which he received no training rather than on technical matters , in which he is expert .

The needs of surveyors are unlikely to justify the sophistication of operations ( or substantial costs ) inherent in these comprehensive schemes .
the needs of surveyors are unlikely to justify the sophistication of operations ( or [large] costs ) inherent in these comprehensive schemes .

For them , the more likely route for development lies in the expansion of the use of microcomputers ( for both data and word processing ) linked into substantial databases tailor-made for the individual practice .
for them , the more likely route for development lies in the expansion of the use of microcomputers ( for both data and word processing ) linked into [large] databases tailor-made for the individual practice .

However , the Secretary of State is not very keen to call in applications and there has to be some substantial justification , e.g .
however , the secretary of state is not very keen to call in applications and there has to be some [large] justification , e.g .

Structure plans are the responsibility of the counties and contain the general strategic guidance for either the county as a whole or a substantial part of it .
structure plans are the responsibility of the counties and contain the general strategic guidance for either the county as a whole or a [large] part of it .

This is not like a planning appeal because only those who are invited can actually participate , although in practice anyone with anything substantial to say , for or against any aspect of the plan , is likely to be invited .
this is not like a planning appeal because only those who are invited can actually participate , although in practice anyone with anything [large] to say , for or against any aspect of the plan , is likely to be invited .

While any works of a substantial nature are clearly caught , small works need not be .
while any works of a [large] nature are clearly caught , small works need not be .

The basic definition of ‘ development ’ being so wide , a substantial number of activities or changes have been arranged so they do not in fact need specific consent .
the basic definition of ‘ development ’ being so wide , a [large] number of activities or changes have been arranged so they do not in fact need specific consent .

It seemed to him that he had come so far in discovering so much about his problem but was unable to bring about any substantial change .
it seemed to him that he had come so far in discovering so much about his problem but was unable to bring about any [large] change .

The auto gearbox refuses to take the revcounter needle anywhere near the red line ( and that 's set only at 4500rpm ) , which means the chances of kicking down into a lower gear are limited , making A-road overtaking manoeuvres more ponderous than they should be and knocking a substantial hole in the cruising speed when you meet a hill .
the auto gearbox refuses to take the revcounter needle anywhere near the red line ( and that 's set only at 4500rpm ) , which means the chances of kicking down into a lower gear are limited , making a-road overtaking manoeuvres more ponderous than they should be and knocking a [large] hole in the cruising speed when you meet a hill .

Mr. Woodward said that there was a substantial and clearly defined trackway used by local traffic presently running parallel to the east of the track joining others to the west and north of the parish boundary .
mr. woodward said that there was a [large] and clearly defined trackway used by local traffic presently running parallel to the east of the track joining others to the west and north of the parish boundary .

In the Concerto especially , both soloist and conductor take the work entirely seriously , and make a substantial case for it as one of the leading Concertos of its time — the days are leaving us at least when Gershwin 's ‘ serious ’ works ( those are n't my scare quotes ) were treated like the fortuitous good fortune of the upstart seven-year-old playing in big brother 's room , as if he composed them by accident .
in the concerto especially , both soloist and conductor take the work entirely seriously , and make a [large] case for it as one of the leading concertos of its time — the days are leaving us at least when gershwin 's ‘ serious ’ works ( those are n't my scare quotes ) were treated like the fortuitous good fortune of the upstart seven-year-old playing in big brother 's room , as if he composed them by accident .

But all his caution ca n't hide the fact that this is a substantial achievement , with some particular memorable piano writing , especially towards the end , as the music becomes more and more compelling , ultimately aspiring to the monumental .
but all his caution ca n't hide the fact that this is a [large] achievement , with some particular memorable piano writing , especially towards the end , as the music becomes more and more compelling , ultimately aspiring to the monumental .

Fantasias ‘ on themes from such-an-such opera ’ were staple fare for many of the less substantial virtuosi of the first half of the nineteenth century , and even Liszt contributed a fair number of them to the literature .
fantasias ‘ on themes from such-an-such opera ’ were staple fare for many of the less [large] virtuosi of the first half of the nineteenth century , and even liszt contributed a fair number of them to the literature .

The effect is substantial and the listening comments below all presuppose that the link has been made .
the effect is [large] and the listening comments below all presuppose that the link has been made .

The Soviet Union used to account for a substantial slice of the factory 's exports .
the soviet union used to account for a [large] slice of the factory 's exports .

You should check that your doctor approves of the measures suggested here , and not make any substantial changes to the child ‘ s diet , or your own ( if breast feeding ) , without medical supervision .
you should check that your doctor approves of the measures suggested here , and not make any [large] changes to the child ‘ s diet , or your own ( if breast feeding ) , without medical supervision .

This group of ceramics is therefore the focus of substantial interest .
this group of ceramics is therefore the focus of [large] interest .

In view of the rather disappointing number of entries for this substantial prize the committee is reconsidering whether to run the competition in the same format again this year .
in view of the rather disappointing number of entries for this [large] prize the committee is reconsidering whether to run the competition in the same format again this year .

Blasts from high explosives caused substantial damage to all the buildings of the school , and no room escaped damage .
blasts from high explosives caused [large] damage to all the buildings of the school , and no room escaped damage .

It is not simply that cases of public library censorship appear to be on the increase ( although there is no substantial evidence to confirm this ) , but that the question of determining what is and is not censorship can be so time-consuming .
it is not simply that cases of public library censorship appear to be on the increase ( although there is no [large] evidence to confirm this ) , but that the question of determining what is and is not censorship can be so time-consuming .

Yet since so much censorship is initiated by Council members ( in the case of public libraries ) , individual readers , pressure groups , and not by librarians and decisions are finally taken by library committees , there is room for substantial protest which falls short of outright rejection of the censorship ; and that is probably as far as one can ever go in preventing the censorship taking place .
yet since so much censorship is initiated by council members ( in the case of public libraries ) , individual readers , pressure groups , and not by librarians and decisions are finally taken by library committees , there is room for [large] protest which falls short of outright rejection of the censorship ; and that is probably as far as one can ever go in preventing the censorship taking place .

They are legitimate fields of study and interest , each with a substantial literature , but their ‘ promotion ’ causes dismay in many quarters already .
they are legitimate fields of study and interest , each with a [large] literature , but their ‘ promotion ’ causes dismay in many quarters already .

Comparatively little time is spent sea-watching in the early months of the year in Sussex , but substantial easterly movements have been noted off Beachy Head as early as 31 January .
comparatively little time is spent sea-watching in the early months of the year in sussex , but [large] easterly movements have been noted off beachy head as early as 31 january .

Thus it seems likely that the winter population and a substantial passage in February and March are largely composed of stellata ; passage of this species continues through April and May , and is then joined by a large movement of arctica ; immer is always a scarce species .
thus it seems likely that the winter population and a [large] passage in february and march are largely composed of stellata ; passage of this species continues through april and may , and is then joined by a large movement of arctica ; immer is always a scarce species .

There has been a substantial heronry in the triangle formed by Rye , Brede and Beckley since at least 1297 .
there has been a [large] heronry in the triangle formed by rye , brede and beckley since at least 1297 .

The severe winters of 1955/56 ( 166 recorded ) and 1962/63 ( 165 recorded ) are the only winters in which substantial numbers have been seen .
the severe winters of 1955/56 ( 166 recorded ) and 1962/63 ( 165 recorded ) are the only winters in which [large] numbers have been seen .

Today a substantial winter population has re-established itself in both harbours and is still increasing ; there is little doubt that the numbers involved are now far greater than ever before .
today a [large] winter population has re-established itself in both harbours and is still increasing ; there is little doubt that the numbers involved are now far greater than ever before .

The return movement begins in October , but substantial numbers are not often present before November .
the return movement begins in october , but [large] numbers are not often present before november .

However , this only represents a proportion of the total wintering population , as other localities are known to attract substantial flocks ; for example , up to 250 have been recorded recently at Warnham Mill Pond and the Adur Levels , up to 300 at Pevensey Levels , up to 450 at Swanbourne Lake , and 500 in Lewes Brooks .
however , this only represents a proportion of the total wintering population , as other localities are known to attract [large] flocks ; for example , up to 250 have been recorded recently at warnham mill pond and the adur levels , up to 300 at pevensey levels , up to 450 at swanbourne lake , and 500 in lewes brooks .

Substantial wintering flocks are virtually confined to West Sussex , from Shoreham west to Chichester Harbour .
[large] wintering flocks are virtually confined to west sussex , from shoreham west to chichester harbour .

Substantial flocks were also recorded elsewhere during the period , for example of 100 or more at Burton ponds , Knepp lake , Barcombe Reservoir , and Piddinghoe pond .
[large] flocks were also recorded elsewhere during the period , for example of 100 or more at burton ponds , knepp lake , barcombe reservoir , and piddinghoe pond .

Substantial flocks are also found between Pett Level and Rye Harbour in the autumn and particularly the winter , when up to 800 have been noted .
[large] flocks are also found between pett level and rye harbour in the autumn and particularly the winter , when up to 800 have been noted .

Substantial arrivals and passage starts in July , and numbers are high throughout the period July to October , all but two of the counts illustrated being of over 1,000 birds , and the mean of all counts in this period being 2,280 .
[large] arrivals and passage starts in july , and numbers are high throughout the period july to october , all but two of the counts illustrated being of over 1,000 birds , and the mean of all counts in this period being 2,280 .

The University has produced a substantial policy document detailing the organisation and arrangements for safety within the University .
the university has produced a [large] policy document detailing the organisation and arrangements for safety within the university .

The University benefits from a substantial number of mature students .
the university benefits from a [large] number of mature students .

Each Faculty makes a substantial contribution to the field of adult and continuing education , in which the University offers a range of part-time degree , diploma and postgraduate courses together with a comprehensive programme of short courses .
each faculty makes a [large] contribution to the field of adult and continuing education , in which the university offers a range of part-time degree , diploma and postgraduate courses together with a comprehensive programme of short courses .

The University benefits from a substantial number of mature students .
the university benefits from a [large] number of mature students .

Members of the Faculty undertake substantial consultancy , research and development work in Northern Ireland , Great Britain , Europe , the United States and in many developing countries .
members of the faculty undertake [large] consultancy , research and development work in northern ireland , great britain , europe , the united states and in many developing countries .

Primary Studies : As primary school teachers are generalists , and not specialist subject teachers , a substantial proportion of the course is devoted to studies of all the relevant areas of the primary curriculum .
primary studies : as primary school teachers are generalists , and not specialist subject teachers , a [large] proportion of the course is devoted to studies of all the relevant areas of the primary curriculum .

As part of their overall assessment , students will be required to select and undertake a substantial research project in their chosen area of professional practice .
as part of their overall assessment , students will be required to select and undertake a [large] research project in their chosen area of professional practice .

In their third year , students take a special topic on which they prepare a substantial piece of work .
in their third year , students take a special topic on which they prepare a [large] piece of work .

In the third year , students choose a special subject which they study in depth and on which they prepare a substantial dissertation .
in the third year , students choose a special subject which they study in depth and on which they prepare a [large] dissertation .

History is the major discipline of the course ; politics also forms a substantial part , and there is a subsidiary social science component .
history is the major discipline of the course ; politics also forms a [large] part , and there is a subsidiary social science component .

Students are also given a substantial introduction to a range of practical skills which assist them in applying their academic understanding of the problems of peace and conflict more effectively in their future careers .
students are also given a [large] introduction to a range of practical skills which assist them in applying their academic understanding of the problems of peace and conflict more effectively in their future careers .

This requires the completion of a substantial piece of work which can be of either a practical or research nature , prepared within a strict timetable and documented and presented to an appropriate professional standard .
this requires the completion of a [large] piece of work which can be of either a practical or research nature , prepared within a strict timetable and documented and presented to an appropriate professional standard .

Students can expect to spend a substantial part of their courses doing practical laboratory work .
students can expect to spend a [large] part of their courses doing practical laboratory work .

Students will also undertake substantial projects during this year .
students will also undertake [large] projects during this year .

Regular theatre-goers can make substantial savings by buying a Saver Ticket .
regular theatre-goers can make [large] savings by buying a saver ticket .

The substantial remains include the massive 14th century gatehouse which now houses an exhibition on the history of this important site .
the [large] remains include the massive 14th century gatehouse which now houses an exhibition on the history of this important site .

Access for disabled ( substantial ground floor area and gardens only ) .
access for disabled ( [large] ground floor area and gardens only ) .

Not only will a significant proportion of information be accessible commercially via the computer but the next generation will also be inputing and retrieving a substantial proportion of its own information via the computer .
not only will a significant proportion of information be accessible commercially via the computer but the next generation will also be inputing and retrieving a [large] proportion of its own information via the computer .

The three national clearinghouses each have substantial databases .
the three national clearinghouses each have [large] databases .

There are two points here : the first is that no matter how substantial is one 's background in user education , advice can become steadily less relevant with the passage of time unless a determined effort is made to keep contact with the users to be instructed ; ie to continue to instruct the user personally .
there are two points here : the first is that no matter how [large] is one 's background in user education , advice can become steadily less relevant with the passage of time unless a determined effort is made to keep contact with the users to be instructed ; ie to continue to instruct the user personally .

These were mainly for the purpose of reinforcement or ‘ aides-memoires ’ , but they sometimes represent an effort to extend the orientation into some more substantial instruction .
these were mainly for the purpose of reinforcement or ‘ aides-memoires ’ , but they sometimes represent an effort to extend the orientation into some more [large] instruction .

However , in a recent study a substantial decline in suicide rates among young white females ( under 25 years of age ) was found in areas in which crisis centres were established , compared with a considerable increase in those in which such developments had not taken place ( Miller et al .
however , in a recent study a [large] decline in suicide rates among young white females ( under 25 years of age ) was found in areas in which crisis centres were established , compared with a considerable increase in those in which such developments had not taken place ( miller et al .

Levi defines long-firm fraud as referring to businesses which order substantial quantities of goods on credit at a time when the owners of the business either intend not to pay for them or suspect that they will not be able to pay for them .
levi defines long-firm fraud as referring to businesses which order [large] quantities of goods on credit at a time when the owners of the business either intend not to pay for them or suspect that they will not be able to pay for them .

They include businessmen who have never before committed any substantial crime ; people who make their living principally from fraud ; and other professional criminals who engage in a range of crimes of which long-firm fraud is one .
they include businessmen who have never before committed any [large] crime ; people who make their living principally from fraud ; and other professional criminals who engage in a range of crimes of which long-firm fraud is one .

documentary publications : ranging from press releases to substantial formal publications .
documentary publications : ranging from press releases to [large] formal publications .

Further research revealed that in 1414/15 an Andrew Forshey had been chosen as one of two men to represent the borough in parliament , and it seemed sensible to hazard that a man of this standing would have held property in the area , for he would have been unlikely to have been elected by his fellow bailiffs , with the assent of the whole community , if he had not been of substantial material worth .
further research revealed that in 1414/15 an andrew forshey had been chosen as one of two men to represent the borough in parliament , and it seemed sensible to hazard that a man of this standing would have held property in the area , for he would have been unlikely to have been elected by his fellow bailiffs , with the assent of the whole community , if he had not been of [large] material worth .

Even when no substantial physical remains have been found , archaeologists , using bodies of knowledge gained over many years , may have been able to infer what kinds of buildings may have stood on particular spots which show foundation-traces , and have rendered ‘ artists impressions ’ of what the structures probably looked like .
even when no [large] physical remains have been found , archaeologists , using bodies of knowledge gained over many years , may have been able to infer what kinds of buildings may have stood on particular spots which show foundation-traces , and have rendered ‘ artists impressions ’ of what the structures probably looked like .

To a substantial degree agricultural history and social history are inextricably bound up with one another — demesne and common land practices , copyhold and other tenures , enclosures — and many of the books already mentioned include sections and passages which will enlighten .
to a [large] degree agricultural history and social history are inextricably bound up with one another — demesne and common land practices , copyhold and other tenures , enclosures — and many of the books already mentioned include sections and passages which will enlighten .

Some of the archives , however , are not only of substantial national or international repute , but are of paramount relevance to local history research .
some of the archives , however , are not only of [large] national or international repute , but are of paramount relevance to local history research .

The list is not exhaustive , but what this present section sets out to do is give a very substantial selection illustrating the range of material which can be drawn on by the researcher .
the list is not exhaustive , but what this present section sets out to do is give a very [large] selection illustrating the range of material which can be drawn on by the researcher .

Many such institutions also have substantial libraries , not only about local places , people and conditions , but works by local authors , all of which can be of value in building a picture of a place , its people , and their social preoccupations .
many such institutions also have [large] libraries , not only about local places , people and conditions , but works by local authors , all of which can be of value in building a picture of a place , its people , and their social preoccupations .

In the decade after independence , the relatively high price of copper allowed the government to finance a very substantial expansion of education and other social services .
in the decade after independence , the relatively high price of copper allowed the government to finance a very [large] expansion of education and other social services .

They have to take account not only of local white vested interests , but , more importantly , of foreign and multinational capital which controls a substantial proportion of its industries , though the government has been buying out some foreign , especially South African , firms .
they have to take account not only of local white vested interests , but , more importantly , of foreign and multinational capital which controls a [large] proportion of its industries , though the government has been buying out some foreign , especially south african , firms .

While the urban groups have experienced substantial reductions in real income , their rural cousins have maintained and maybe improved their incomes .
while the urban groups have experienced [large] reductions in real income , their rural cousins have maintained and maybe improved their incomes .

There are substantial bottlenecks in the primary system — at first grade in urban schools ( causing large numbers of children to start school late ) , and at fifth grade in rural schools .
there are [large] bottlenecks in the primary system — at first grade in urban schools ( causing large numbers of children to start school late ) , and at fifth grade in rural schools .

The government has provided substantial help for the communal areas and resettlement schemes , in terms of agricultural extension services , greater access to credit and health care facilities .
the government has provided [large] help for the communal areas and resettlement schemes , in terms of agricultural extension services , greater access to credit and health care facilities .

Inflationary pressures on the standard of living are now substantial .
inflationary pressures on the standard of living are now [large] .

Regional differences in educational provision are substantial .
regional differences in educational provision are [large] .

Drop-outs from the school system are still substantial .
drop-outs from the school system are still [large] .

Although most Costa Ricans do try to send their children to school , the system still suffers from substantial drop-out and repetition rates .
although most costa ricans do try to send their children to school , the system still suffers from [large] drop-out and repetition rates .

Education in rural areas faced substantial problems , but the programmes of land reform , the development of co-operatives and higher levels of community organization , along with the provision of more educational opportunities , made learning seem more useful and attractive .
education in rural areas faced [large] problems , but the programmes of land reform , the development of co-operatives and higher levels of community organization , along with the provision of more educational opportunities , made learning seem more useful and attractive .

After the fall of Somoza , Nicaragua suffered a substantial flight of capital .
after the fall of somoza , nicaragua suffered a [large] flight of capital .

This was approached from two angles : first , what was known as the ‘ battle for the fourth grade ’ , an acknowledgement that substantial numbers of children either did not go to school or did not stay long enough to consolidate literacy .
this was approached from two angles : first , what was known as the ‘ battle for the fourth grade ’ , an acknowledgement that [large] numbers of children either did not go to school or did not stay long enough to consolidate literacy .

Education in Sudan since independence has witnessed a substantial expansion in the total number of schools , pupils and teachers at primary , intermediate and secondary levels .
education in sudan since independence has witnessed a [large] expansion in the total number of schools , pupils and teachers at primary , intermediate and secondary levels .

Relatively few students reach secondary school , with a substantial proportion of these being in the Khartoum and Northern regions .
relatively few students reach secondary school , with a [large] proportion of these being in the khartoum and northern regions .

In El Salvador , Guatemala and Honduras , education is simply not available to substantial portions of the population , particularly the rural poor and those who are not part of the majority Spanish-speaking culture .
in el salvador , guatemala and honduras , education is simply not available to [large] portions of the population , particularly the rural poor and those who are not part of the majority spanish-speaking culture .

The new ‘ model villages ’ , into which substantial numbers of Indians have been resettled , are closely supervised by the army .
the new ‘ model villages ’ , into which [large] numbers of indians have been resettled , are closely supervised by the army .

Despite this assistance , and a temporary improvement in coffee prices , by 1989 the economy had not revived significantly and the country still had a substantial debt problem .
despite this assistance , and a temporary improvement in coffee prices , by 1989 the economy had not revived significantly and the country still had a [large] debt problem .

How transitory are the most apparently substantial things .
how transitory are the most apparently [large] things .

On 11 September 1889 it was reported at a Sunday School teachers ' meeting that in the will of the late Mr James Johnston a substantial legacy had been left for the building of a Sunday School Chapel in Edenderry .
on 11 september 1889 it was reported at a sunday school teachers ' meeting that in the will of the late mr james johnston a [large] legacy had been left for the building of a sunday school chapel in edenderry .

They were automatically members of a minority which was loathed and persecuted by a substantial section of society .
they were automatically members of a minority which was loathed and persecuted by a [large] section of society .

Whatever the ultimate causes of this breakdown , it is clear that — for many of those able to perceive a substantial division in post-1945 British political attitudes — important changes occurred in the 1970s .
whatever the ultimate causes of this breakdown , it is clear that — for many of those able to perceive a [large] division in post-1945 british political attitudes — important changes occurred in the 1970s .

These and other commentators basically concluded that riots reflected a disturbing degree of political alienation by a substantial minority of inner-urban inhabitants , particularly young , single men .
these and other commentators basically concluded that riots reflected a disturbing degree of political alienation by a [large] minority of inner-urban inhabitants , particularly young , single men .

Not surprisingly , areas to the west of London were encountering severe shortages of skilled and even unskilled labour by the mid-1980s , a time of real and substantial unemployment in the older industrialized regions .
not surprisingly , areas to the west of london were encountering severe shortages of skilled and even unskilled labour by the mid-1980s , a time of real and [large] unemployment in the older industrialized regions .

This is somewhat ironic when it is realized that local government has substantial resources that can not be used because of centrally-imposed prescriptions .
this is somewhat ironic when it is realized that local government has [large] resources that can not be used because of centrally-imposed prescriptions .

Newcastle and Glasgow would Appear to be in a somewhat better position , for although both have lost substantial numbers of jobs in manufacturing , a more optimistic picture has emerged in the late 1980s , based on public — private-sector investment and cultural developments .
newcastle and glasgow would appear to be in a somewhat better position , for although both have lost [large] numbers of jobs in manufacturing , a more optimistic picture has emerged in the late 1980s , based on public — private-sector investment and cultural developments .

The comments and criticisms made can be categorized into two substantial debates — funding and management .
the comments and criticisms made can be categorized into two [large] debates — funding and management .

The Partnerships did not find themselves suddenly in receipt of substantial resources deflected from other local-authority budgets .
the partnerships did not find themselves suddenly in receipt of [large] resources deflected from other local-authority budgets .

They emerged as a result of substantial research undertaken by a series of urban experiments operating for the best part of a decade .
they emerged as a result of [large] research undertaken by a series of urban experiments operating for the best part of a decade .

Finally , it almost invariably assumes that substantial improvements can be obtained with the same resources .
finally , it almost invariably assumes that [large] improvements can be obtained with the same resources .

In some of the Pacific-rim economies , such as Hong Kong , unregulated enterprise had been associated with substantial economic progress since 1950 that , somehow , had resulted in real technological development .
in some of the pacific-rim economies , such as hong kong , unregulated enterprise had been associated with [large] economic progress since 1950 that , somehow , had resulted in real technological development .

On the other hand , a substantial minority considered that infrastructural investment was a significant factor for location within an enterprise zone .
on the other hand , a [large] minority considered that infrastructural investment was a significant factor for location within an enterprise zone .

Since the base category will be used in every comparison , it is desirable that there should be a substantial number of cases in it ; we do not want comparisons to be made with an unreliable figure .
since the base category will be used in every comparison , it is desirable that there should be a [large] number of cases in it ; we do not want comparisons to be made with an unreliable figure .

As long as there was a substantial number of people in each group , the groups would start the experiment having the same political preferences on average , since the groups were formed at random .
as long as there was a [large] number of people in each group , the groups would start the experiment having the same political preferences on average , since the groups were formed at random .

Some of these sports necessitate the use of motor-powered vehicles which can be the major agents of environmental change and in some cases , such as trail-bike racing , the environmental damage can be substantial .
some of these sports necessitate the use of motor-powered vehicles which can be the major agents of environmental change and in some cases , such as trail-bike racing , the environmental damage can be [large] .

For many terrestrial purposes , however , a substantial inference process must take place to convert the radiometric measurements into useful information ( in contrast , more direct measurements of sea state , etc .
for many terrestrial purposes , however , a [large] inference process must take place to convert the radiometric measurements into useful information ( in contrast , more direct measurements of sea state , etc .

This has itself generated a substantial literature ( see the papers in Elliot 1988 for an overview ) and is nowhere better exemplified than in Openshaw 's geographical analysis machine ( see Ch .
this has itself generated a [large] literature ( see the papers in elliot 1988 for an overview ) and is nowhere better exemplified than in openshaw 's geographical analysis machine ( see ch .

It stated that the private houses , which formed the Foreign and Colonial Offices , were ‘ inadequate to the present extent of public business , in parts unsafe , and generally in such a state of dilapidation as to render it inexpedient to expend any large sum in their substantial repair ’ .
it stated that the private houses , which formed the foreign and colonial offices , were ‘ inadequate to the present extent of public business , in parts unsafe , and generally in such a state of dilapidation as to render it inexpedient to expend any large sum in their [large] repair ’ .

Until that time the Royal Academy of Arts , which was founded in 1768 , was the only body in England with a substantial representation of architects among its membership , although they were always out-numbered by painters and sculptors .
until that time the royal academy of arts , which was founded in 1768 , was the only body in england with a [large] representation of architects among its membership , although they were always out-numbered by painters and sculptors .

Both China and India were signatories , but only on condition that they received substantial assistance from the West ( both financial and technological ) to ensure that they were not penalized economically for having to use the more expensive alternatives to CFCs .
both china and india were signatories , but only on condition that they received [large] assistance from the west ( both financial and technological ) to ensure that they were not penalized economically for having to use the more expensive alternatives to cfcs .

Accident injuries are also a major cause of morbidity in childhood , and the reason for a substantial proportion of hospital admissions among children in the 1–14 age groups ( Constantinides , 1987 ) .
accident injuries are also a major cause of morbidity in childhood , and the reason for a [large] proportion of hospital admissions among children in the 1–14 age groups ( constantinides , 1987 ) .

Safety campaigns aimed solely at pedestrians are not sufficient in view of the fact that a substantial proportion of pedestrians are struck by vehicles and killed or injured , not on the road but on the pavement .
safety campaigns aimed solely at pedestrians are not sufficient in view of the fact that a [large] proportion of pedestrians are struck by vehicles and killed or injured , not on the road but on the pavement .

One of the most serious consequences of excessive noise exposure is partial deafness which may progress to a substantial hearing loss and constitute a severe social handicap .
one of the most serious consequences of excessive noise exposure is partial deafness which may progress to a [large] hearing loss and constitute a severe social handicap .

For example , a substantial proportion of the road tax levied on vehicle owners goes towards paying for road maintenance and improvements .
for example , a [large] proportion of the road tax levied on vehicle owners goes towards paying for road maintenance and improvements .

Indeed , the substantial malleability of temperament in infancy and early childhood is explained , in large measure , by the fact that many parents and other adults are successful in guiding children with maladaptive tendencies toward more eective functioning .
indeed , the [large] malleability of temperament in infancy and early childhood is explained , in large measure , by the fact that many parents and other adults are successful in guiding children with maladaptive tendencies toward more eective functioning .

It is in some of these areas , particularly distribution and order fulfillment , that channel dynamics have undergone substantial change during the last decade .
it is in some of these areas , particularly distribution and order fulfillment , that channel dynamics have undergone [large] change during the last decade .

Analysis of detailed industry data demonstrates that there have been substantial increases in apparel suppliers ’ investments in information technologies , distribution systems , and other associated services during the same period that new types of retailing practices emerged .
analysis of detailed industry data demonstrates that there have been [large] increases in apparel suppliers ’ investments in information technologies , distribution systems , and other associated services during the same period that new types of retailing practices emerged .

Among the factors that are expected to have a substantial impact on employment in the textiles and apparel industries , perhaps the most influential will be the trade policy agreed to in the GATT ... .
among the factors that are expected to have a [large] impact on employment in the textiles and apparel industries , perhaps the most influential will be the trade policy agreed to in the gatt ... .

Such retail requirements have certainly put substantial pressure on apparel manufacturers to change their own practices .
such retail requirements have certainly put [large] pressure on apparel manufacturers to change their own practices .

Although the wages of nonsupervisory workers in retail have been and still are quite low,9 the compensation system for buyers provided substantial rewards for favorable results .
although the wages of nonsupervisory workers in retail have been and still are quite low,9 the compensation system for buyers provided [large] rewards for favorable results .

It provided great flexibility in coping with fluctuations in style , season , and economic conditions ; at the same time , jobbers did not take on the substantial costs of plant , equipment , or employees that “ inside shop ” manufacturers did .
it provided great flexibility in coping with fluctuations in style , season , and economic conditions ; at the same time , jobbers did not take on the [large] costs of plant , equipment , or employees that “ inside shop ” manufacturers did .

Cutters required substantial training , and the withdrawal of their labor could quickly shut down all sewing and pressing operations .
cutters required [large] training , and the withdrawal of their labor could quickly shut down all sewing and pressing operations .

From the outset of the Industrial Revolution , spinning , weaving , and finishing have called for substantial investments in plants , power , and equipment .
from the outset of the industrial revolution , spinning , weaving , and finishing have called for [large] investments in plants , power , and equipment .

Beyond restructuring for materials flow , the industry has experienced substantial horizontal integration .
beyond restructuring for materials flow , the industry has experienced [large] horizontal integration .

The industry underwent another substantial restructuring in the 1980s , and product lines became even more concentrated.37 Much of this happened because less efficient firms , using older technologies , went under or were absorbed by larger survivors .
the industry underwent another [large] restructuring in the 1980s , and product lines became even more concentrated.37 much of this happened because less efficient firms , using older technologies , went under or were absorbed by larger survivors .

In those industries where substantial economies of scale and scope did not exist in production , high-volume flows through the processes of production and distribution came to be guided—and the resulting cost reductions achieved—by the buying departments of mass retailers , retailers who handled a variety of related products through their facilities .
in those industries where [large] economies of scale and scope did not exist in production , high-volume flows through the processes of production and distribution came to be guided—and the resulting cost reductions achieved—by the buying departments of mass retailers , retailers who handled a variety of related products through their facilities .

Given the basic shapes of the pants pieces , it is unlikely that a substantial increase in marker efficiency can be achieved .
given the basic shapes of the pants pieces , it is unlikely that a [large] increase in marker efficiency can be achieved .

Throughout , we have argued that reducing the substantial risk presented by inventory , particularly in the presence of ever-increasing product proliferation , is essential for improving a manufacturer ’ s performance in integrated retail-apparel-textile channels .
throughout , we have argued that reducing the [large] risk presented by inventory , particularly in the presence of ever-increasing product proliferation , is essential for improving a manufacturer ’ s performance in integrated retail-apparel-textile channels .

Since the end of World War II , textile-mill products and apparel have both been characterized by substantial reductions in employment ; at the same time these sectors show substantial increases in output , including shifts to higher-value products and higher productivity .
since the end of world war ii , textile-mill products and apparel have both been characterized by [large] reductions in employment ; at the same time these sectors show [large] increases in output , including shifts to higher-value products and higher productivity .

The textile industry , in particular , has been characterized by rapid technological changes and automation ; shifts to large-scale establishments ; restructuring and consolidation of enterprises in spinning , weaving , and knitting ; substantial capital investments in these activities and finishing operations ; and a shift to products with expanding markets .
the textile industry , in particular , has been characterized by rapid technological changes and automation ; shifts to large-scale establishments ; restructuring and consolidation of enterprises in spinning , weaving , and knitting ; [large] capital investments in these activities and finishing operations ; and a shift to products with expanding markets .

Bear in mind , however , that the information-integrated channel requires substantial investment in technologies by retailers .
bear in mind , however , that the information-integrated channel requires [large] investment in technologies by retailers .

Even if textile products flowing to apparel sewn in this country ( or in Mexico and the Caribbean Basin , where contractors assemble garments using U.S. textiles ) decline , it is realistic to assume that some U.S. textile exports will increase in the near term and that there will be substantial increases in domestic industrial markets .
even if textile products flowing to apparel sewn in this country ( or in mexico and the caribbean basin , where contractors assemble garments using u.s. textiles ) decline , it is realistic to assume that some u.s. textile exports will increase in the near term and that there will be [large] increases in domestic industrial markets .

There has always been a substantial Chicano and Mexican population in Tucson .
there has always been a [large] chicano and mexican population in tucson .

Perelson and Oster guessed that the newt repertoire must cover a substantial fraction , say about 1/e = where e is the natural base for logarithms = or 37 percent of shape space .
perelson and oster guessed that the newt repertoire must cover a [large] fraction , say about 1/e = where e is the natural base for logarithms = or 37 percent of shape space .

Some substantial fraction of these reactions flow from the actual to the adjacent possible .
some [large] fraction of these reactions flow from the actual to the adjacent possible .

I didn ’ t think Steve would say yes , for the reading of over a hundred papers in the subsequent years , and cataloging the detailed results , was going to be a substantial task .
i didn ’ t think steve would say yes , for the reading of over a hundred papers in the subsequent years , and cataloging the detailed results , was going to be a [large] task .

We have observed a substantial bias toward canalyzing functions .
we have observed a [large] bias toward canalyzing functions .

String theory has gained very substantial attention as a potential “ theory of everything , ” namely , a theory that might link all four forces and all the particles of the standard model into a single coherent framework .
string theory has gained very [large] attention as a potential “ theory of everything , ” namely , a theory that might link all four forces and all the particles of the standard model into a single coherent framework .

Greece was handed a strip of land along the western coast of Asia Minor , which for over 2,000 years had had a substantial Greek population .
greece was handed a strip of land along the western coast of asia minor , which for over 2,000 years had had a [large] greek population .

To get there from the fertile farmland of the centre of the island you drive over substantial hills , alongside cliffs , and finally down to an unexpectedly placid sea .
to get there from the fertile farmland of the centre of the island you drive over [large] hills , alongside cliffs , and finally down to an unexpectedly placid sea .

The number of French citizens with non-French heritage is substantial , reviving nationalist sentiment in the form of the Front National .
the number of french citizens with non-french heritage is [large] , reviving nationalist sentiment in the form of the front national .

Soups ( çorba ) Turkish soups are usually thick and substantial .
soups ( çorba ) turkish soups are usually thick and [large] .

In West Jerusalem hotels , the room price usually includes a substantial “ Israeli ” breakfast ; in East Jerusalem , the price usually includes at least a Continental breakfast .
in west jerusalem hotels , the room price usually includes a [large] “ israeli ” breakfast ; in east jerusalem , the price usually includes at least a continental breakfast .

This is different from a French-style omelette , in that this one resembles a substantial egg-and-potato pie .
this is different from a french-style omelette , in that this one resembles a [large] egg-and-potato pie .

In 1952 , the house was acquired by the Bermuda Historical Monuments Trust and was opened as a museum in 1961 , with substantial refurbishment in 1996 .
in 1952 , the house was acquired by the bermuda historical monuments trust and was opened as a museum in 1961 , with [large] refurbishment in 1996 .

Serious , drawn-out bargaining can earn substantial reductions .
serious , drawn-out bargaining can earn [large] reductions .

This temple is only opened once a year , and for this reason , the entire pond is surrounded by a substantial fence .
this temple is only opened once a year , and for this reason , the entire pond is surrounded by a [large] fence .

Rice and fish dishes make up a substantial part of the local diet .
rice and fish dishes make up a [large] part of the local diet .

Lacking an airport , losing the status of capital , and denied any substantial cash flow from tourism , Singaraja hasn ’ t expanded as much as Denpasar .
lacking an airport , losing the status of capital , and denied any [large] cash flow from tourism , singaraja hasn ’ t expanded as much as denpasar .

The Noah ’ s Ark restaurant inside the Community Center serves up substantial kosher fare as well as holding a marvelous Tuesday night buffet .
the noah ’ s ark restaurant inside the community center serves up [large] kosher fare as well as holding a marvelous tuesday night buffet .

A substantial focus of our work then and now was encouraging lawyers to donate their services pro bono publico -- `` for the good of the public . ''
a [large] focus of our work then and now was encouraging lawyers to donate their services pro bono publico -- `` for the good of the public . ''

As a result , what might have amounted to a pittance for a client , in conglomerate became a substantial fund .
as a result , what might have amounted to a pittance for a client , in conglomerate became a [large] fund .

That figures translates into 2 million people without the ability to access the justice system , according to a new study by the California Commission on Access to Justice , which also found that despite increased spending , the gap between need and services remains substantial .
that figures translates into 2 million people without the ability to access the justice system , according to a new study by the california commission on access to justice , which also found that despite increased spending , the gap between need and services remains [large] .

Terrorist Attack Upstages Legal Services Initiative , Provides Greater Urgency For It By Thomas Adcock One morning last year , David Bookstaver arrived at work in lower Manhattan and literally pulled the plug on the first official news of what is surely the most substantial initiative for pro bono publico in the history of the New York State Unified Court System - establishment of the `` Access to Justice Center , '' the first court-sponsored entity in the nation to address the shortfall of civil legal services to the poor .
terrorist attack upstages legal services initiative , provides greater urgency for it by thomas adcock one morning last year , david bookstaver arrived at work in lower manhattan and literally pulled the plug on the first official news of what is surely the most [large] initiative for pro bono publico in the history of the new york state unified court system - establishment of the `` access to justice center , '' the first court-sponsored entity in the nation to address the shortfall of civil legal services to the poor .

Thus , if all patients with severe problems stopped drinking , a substantial number of patients with alcohol-related problems would still present to the emergency department .
thus , if all patients with severe problems stopped drinking , a [large] number of patients with alcohol-related problems would still present to the emergency department .

For example , driving while intoxicated overlaps with alcoholism , but it constitutes an important issue in its own right because surveys consistently show that a substantial number of individuals who do not meet diagnostic criteria for alcohol abuse or dependence admit to having driven an automobile while intoxicated .
for example , driving while intoxicated overlaps with alcoholism , but it constitutes an important issue in its own right because surveys consistently show that a [large] number of individuals who do not meet diagnostic criteria for alcohol abuse or dependence admit to having driven an automobile while intoxicated .

Studies on brief interventions conducted in other settings demonstrate that a substantial portion of the reduction in costs is related to a reduction in use of emergency department and hospital resources.2-4,40 Studies of cost-effectiveness should include not only direct medical costs , but also societal costs .
studies on brief interventions conducted in other settings demonstrate that a [large] portion of the reduction in costs is related to a reduction in use of emergency department and hospital resources.2-4,40 studies of cost-effectiveness should include not only direct medical costs , but also societal costs .

Issues and challenges for interventions in emergency settings Substantial evidence indicates that interventions with problem drinkers in emergency settings can produce significant change in drinking behavior and/or reduce risk of re-injury .
issues and challenges for interventions in emergency settings [large] evidence indicates that interventions with problem drinkers in emergency settings can produce significant change in drinking behavior and/or reduce risk of re-injury .

Moreover , the magnitude of the challenges that the new department faces will clearly require substantial time and effort , and will take institutional continuity and additional resources to make it fully effective .
moreover , the magnitude of the challenges that the new department faces will clearly require [large] time and effort , and will take institutional continuity and additional resources to make it fully effective .

In his midyear self-assessment for fiscal year 2002 , the senior executive stated that substantial progress is being made in achieving the collection and examination customer satisfaction goals .
in his midyear self-assessment for fiscal year 2002 , the senior executive stated that [large] progress is being made in achieving the collection and examination customer satisfaction goals .

The executive engages in substantial personal development activities such as attending training courses , reading books , and undertaking projects in order to develop skills .
the executive engages in [large] personal development activities such as attending training courses , reading books , and undertaking projects in order to develop skills .

HCFA states that it is clear that the rule will have a significant impact on a substantial number of small entities since the aggregate per-beneficiary limitation will reduce payments by approximately 9 percent .
hcfa states that it is clear that the rule will have a significant impact on a [large] number of small entities since the aggregate per-beneficiary limitation will reduce payments by approximately 9 percent .

GAO/OGC-96-12 In the preamble to the final rule , the Commission reiterated that the rule would only apply to public and transmitting utilities and again certified that the rule would not have a significant economic impact on a substantial number of small entities within the meaning of the Regulatory Flexibility Act .
gao/ogc-96-12 in the preamble to the final rule , the commission reiterated that the rule would only apply to public and transmitting utilities and again certified that the rule would not have a significant economic impact on a [large] number of small entities within the meaning of the regulatory flexibility act .

In light of the Commission 's determination that the rule would not have a significant economic impact on a substantial number of small entities , sections 605 ( a ) and ( c ) , 607 , and 609 are inapplicable .
in light of the commission 's determination that the rule would not have a significant economic impact on a [large] number of small entities , sections 605 ( a ) and ( c ) , 607 , and 609 are inapplicable .

Section 603 : Initial regulatory flexibility analysis The Supplementary Information accompanying the proposed rulemaking includes a certification , pursuant to section 605 ( b ) of title 5 , that the proposal would not have a significant impact on a substantial number of small entities , thereby exempting the proposed rule from the requirement for an initial regulatory flexibility analysis .
section 603 : initial regulatory flexibility analysis the supplementary information accompanying the proposed rulemaking includes a certification , pursuant to section 605 ( b ) of title 5 , that the proposal would not have a significant impact on a [large] number of small entities , thereby exempting the proposed rule from the requirement for an initial regulatory flexibility analysis .

Section 609 : Participation by small entities The requirements of section 609 are inapplicable to this rule since NHTSA did not determine that it would have a significant impact on a substantial number of small entities .
section 609 : participation by small entities the requirements of section 609 are inapplicable to this rule since nhtsa did not determine that it would have a significant impact on a [large] number of small entities .

Workers are considered disabled if they have severe physical or mental conditions that prevent them from engaging in substantial gainful activity .
workers are considered disabled if they have severe physical or mental conditions that prevent them from engaging in [large] gainful activity .

The Under Secretary for Food , Nutrition , and Consumer Services has certified under section 605 of the Act that this rule does not have a significant economic impact on a substantial number of small entities .
the under secretary for food , nutrition , and consumer services has certified under section 605 of the act that this rule does not have a significant economic impact on a [large] number of small entities .

Stewardship Investments - items treated as expenses in calculating net cost but meriting special treatment to highlight their substantial investment and long-term-benefit nature .
stewardship investments - items treated as expenses in calculating net cost but meriting special treatment to highlight their [large] investment and long-term-benefit nature .

HAZARDOUS WASTE - A solid , liquid , or gaseous waste , or combination of these wastes , which because of its quantity , concentration , or physical , chemical , or infectious characteristics may cause or significantly contribute to an increase in mortality or an increase in serious irreversible , or incapacitating reversible , illness or pose a substantial present or potential hazard to human health or the environment when improperly treated , stored , transported , disposed of , or otherwise managed .
hazardous waste - a solid , liquid , or gaseous waste , or combination of these wastes , which because of its quantity , concentration , or physical , chemical , or infectious characteristics may cause or significantly contribute to an increase in mortality or an increase in serious irreversible , or incapacitating reversible , illness or pose a [large] present or potential hazard to human health or the environment when improperly treated , stored , transported , disposed of , or otherwise managed .

STEWARDSHIP INVESTMENTS -Items recognized as expense in calculating net cost , but meriting special treatment to highlight the substantial investment and long-term benefit of the expenses .
stewardship investments -items recognized as expense in calculating net cost , but meriting special treatment to highlight the [large] investment and long-term benefit of the expenses .

In the preamble to the final rule , the Final Regulatory Flexibility Analysis is discussed and the Department has found that the final rule will have a significant economic impact on a substantial number of small entities .
in the preamble to the final rule , the final regulatory flexibility analysis is discussed and the department has found that the final rule will have a significant economic impact on a [large] number of small entities .

Major statutes now in their first years of implementation hold substantial promise for creating a more accountable and effective federal government .
major statutes now in their first years of implementation hold [large] promise for creating a more accountable and effective federal government .

The Commission determined that one part of the fee schedule -- specifically , the annual fee for materials licensees -- will have a significant impact on a substantial number of small entities .
the commission determined that one part of the fee schedule -- specifically , the annual fee for materials licensees -- will have a significant impact on a [large] number of small entities .

The Health Care Financing Administration ( HCFA ) determined that the proposed rule would affect a substantial number of small rural hospitals , and that the effects on some could be significant .
the health care financing administration ( hcfa ) determined that the proposed rule would affect a [large] number of small rural hospitals , and that the effects on some could be significant .

The Secretary of Health and Human Services has certified that the final rule will not have a significant impact on the operations of a substantial number of rural hospitals , as required by section 1102 ( b ) of the Social Security Act ( 42 U.S.C .
the secretary of health and human services has certified that the final rule will not have a significant impact on the operations of a [large] number of rural hospitals , as required by section 1102 ( b ) of the social security act ( 42 u.s.c .

The preamble to the final rule actually states that the rule will not have a substantial `` adverse effect '' on a significant number of small broker-dealers .
the preamble to the final rule actually states that the rule will not have a [large] `` adverse effect '' on a significant number of small broker-dealers .

However , we understand from the preamble to the proposed rule and the Board 's letter to our Office that the Board intended this statement to constitute a certification under section 605 ( b ) that the rule would not have any significant economic impact on a substantial number of small entities .
however , we understand from the preamble to the proposed rule and the board 's letter to our office that the board intended this statement to constitute a certification under section 605 ( b ) that the rule would not have any significant economic impact on a [large] number of small entities .

President Reagan , for example , required the agency head , if a substantial question was raised , to notify and consult with the Attorney General and the White House Counsel « s Office .
president reagan , for example , required the agency head , if a [large] question was raised , to notify and consult with the attorney general and the white house counsel « s office .

Section 604 - Final Regulatory Flexibility Analysis EPA analyzed the potential impact on small entities by the Standard Industrial Classification ( SIC ) code and concluded that there would not be a significant economic impact on a substantial number of small entities .
section 604 - final regulatory flexibility analysis epa analyzed the potential impact on small entities by the standard industrial classification ( sic ) code and concluded that there would not be a significant economic impact on a [large] number of small entities .

Following this analysis , EPA has concluded and certified that the rule will not have a significant economic impact on a substantial number of small entities .
following this analysis , epa has concluded and certified that the rule will not have a significant economic impact on a [large] number of small entities .

There are several major areas in the payment process where technological advances have had and will continue to have a substantial impact .
there are several major areas in the payment process where technological advances have had and will continue to have a [large] impact .

These circumstances involve situations in which the request ( 1 ) addresses an important issue of broad interest to multiple committees or the Congress as a whole , ( 2 ) involves an issue that is a legislative priority or is on a fast legislative track , or ( 3 ) asks for a compilation of information which GAO has developed from a substantial body of prior work and/or work originally requested by others .
these circumstances involve situations in which the request ( 1 ) addresses an important issue of broad interest to multiple committees or the congress as a whole , ( 2 ) involves an issue that is a legislative priority or is on a fast legislative track , or ( 3 ) asks for a compilation of information which gao has developed from a [large] body of prior work and/or work originally requested by others .

The analysis concluded that , because the rule relaxed the hog cholera-related restrictions imposed on the importation of live swine and prepared pork products from Sonora , Mexico , the proposed rule could have a significant economic impact on a substantial number of small entities in the United States .
the analysis concluded that , because the rule relaxed the hog cholera-related restrictions imposed on the importation of live swine and prepared pork products from sonora , mexico , the proposed rule could have a significant economic impact on a [large] number of small entities in the united states .

Regarding benefits , HHS discusses the use of the value of a statistical life as a quantifying benefit and the fact that , in the area of transplantation , the usefulness of such a measure is reduced because of the older average age of recipients and the substantial risk of either the graft or the patient not surviving .
regarding benefits , hhs discusses the use of the value of a statistical life as a quantifying benefit and the fact that , in the area of transplantation , the usefulness of such a measure is reduced because of the older average age of recipients and the [large] risk of either the graft or the patient not surviving .

This report addresses how DOD can manage its weapon system acquisition process to ensure important knowledge about a system 's design , critical manufacturing processes , and reliability is captured and used to make informed and timely decisions before committing to substantial development and production investments .
this report addresses how dod can manage its weapon system acquisition process to ensure important knowledge about a system 's design , critical manufacturing processes , and reliability is captured and used to make informed and timely decisions before committing to [large] development and production investments .

Finally , leading companies created an environment for their managers that emphasized capturing design and manufacturing knowledge early , before committing substantial investments in a product development that made cancellation a more difficult decision to make .
finally , leading companies created an environment for their managers that emphasized capturing design and manufacturing knowledge early , before committing [large] investments in a product development that made cancellation a more difficult decision to make .

The exit criteria should be demonstrated and verified by the program manager before the program can make the substantial investments needed to begin manufacturing production representative prototypes in the next phase of development-system demonstration .
the exit criteria should be demonstrated and verified by the program manager before the program can make the [large] investments needed to begin manufacturing production representative prototypes in the next phase of development-system demonstration .

The analysis concluded that , because the rule relaxed the foot and mouth disease-related restrictions on the importation of beef from Argentina , the proposed rule could have a significant economic impact on a substantial number of small entities in the United States .
the analysis concluded that , because the rule relaxed the foot and mouth disease-related restrictions on the importation of beef from argentina , the proposed rule could have a significant economic impact on a [large] number of small entities in the united states .

Our work resulted in substantial financial savings and significant improvements to government that will benefit all Americans .
our work resulted in [large] financial savings and significant improvements to government that will benefit all americans .

HUD states that the interim rule will not have a substantial , direct effect on the States or on the relationship between the federal government and the States or on the distribution of power or responsibilities among various levels of government because the interim rule primarily involves relationships between HUD and private entities .
hud states that the interim rule will not have a [large] , direct effect on the states or on the relationship between the federal government and the states or on the distribution of power or responsibilities among various levels of government because the interim rule primarily involves relationships between hud and private entities .

Require external consultants/internal specialists that are responsible for following GAGAS in planning and directing an assignment , performing substantial portions of field work , or reporting on the assignment meet CPE requirements ( par .
require external consultants/internal specialists that are responsible for following gagas in planning and directing an assignment , performing [large] portions of field work , or reporting on the assignment meet cpe requirements ( par .

Auditors are considered responsible for `` conducting substantial portions of field work '' when , in a given CPE year , time chargeable to audits and attestation engagements following GAGAS is 20 percent or more of their total chargeable time .
auditors are considered responsible for `` conducting [large] portions of field work '' when , in a given cpe year , time chargeable to audits and attestation engagements following gagas is 20 percent or more of their total chargeable time .

However , they are not required to meet the above CPE requirements unless they are responsible for following GAGAS in planning or directing the assignment , performing substantial portions of field work , or reporting on the assignment .
however , they are not required to meet the above cpe requirements unless they are responsible for following gagas in planning or directing the assignment , performing [large] portions of field work , or reporting on the assignment .

GAO was created in 1921 as a result of the Budget and Accounting Act , a law designed to improve government financial controls and management in the aftermath of World War I. Wartime spending had increased the national debt , escalated costs for many government purchases , and created substantial disarray in the financial operations of the War Department and other agencies .
gao was created in 1921 as a result of the budget and accounting act , a law designed to improve government financial controls and management in the aftermath of world war i. wartime spending had increased the national debt , escalated costs for many government purchases , and created [large] disarray in the financial operations of the war department and other agencies .

Let me note at this point that all the Comptrollers General made substantial contributions to GAO , and I am particularly pleased to be here with my immediate predecessors , Elmer Staats and Charles Bowsher- both made enormous contributions to the agency .
let me note at this point that all the comptrollers general made [large] contributions to gao , and i am particularly pleased to be here with my immediate predecessors , elmer staats and charles bowsher- both made enormous contributions to the agency .

During fiscal year 1999 , GAO made substantial contributions to help the Congress and the executive branch agencies improve government programs and services .
during fiscal year 1999 , gao made [large] contributions to help the congress and the executive branch agencies improve government programs and services .

Although the increased presence of women and minorities caused substantial growth in the U.S. labor force in recent decades , this trend seems to be changing .
although the increased presence of women and minorities caused [large] growth in the u.s. labor force in recent decades , this trend seems to be changing .

The structure of U.S. armed forces has been reviewed a number of times since the end of the Cold War , resulting in substantial reductions .
the structure of u.s. armed forces has been reviewed a number of times since the end of the cold war , resulting in [large] reductions .

The health benefits could not be quantified by the FDA , but FDA believes the benefits to be substantial .
the health benefits could not be quantified by the fda , but fda believes the benefits to be [large] .

GAO/OGC-96-45 However , in the preamble to the final rule , EPA has now determined that the rule will not have a significant impact on a substantial number of small entities .
gao/ogc-96-45 however , in the preamble to the final rule , epa has now determined that the rule will not have a significant impact on a [large] number of small entities .

They also said that standardization would require substantial resources and that those resources might be better used in other endeavors .
they also said that standardization would require [large] resources and that those resources might be better used in other endeavors .

In each of these dimensions , DOT 's docket management system appeared to allow substantial public access and utility .
in each of these dimensions , dot 's docket management system appeared to allow [large] public access and utility .

For example , the Small Business Regulatory Enforcement Fairness Act ( SBREFA ) requires that EPA and OSHA convene a special review panel before issuing a proposed rule that the agency believes will have a significant economic impact on a substantial number of small entities .
for example , the small business regulatory enforcement fairness act ( sbrefa ) requires that epa and osha convene a special review panel before issuing a proposed rule that the agency believes will have a significant economic impact on a [large] number of small entities .

The Board of Governors has concluded that the final rule will have a significant economic impact on a substantial number of small entities , and an initial regulatory flexibility analysis and final regulatory flexibility analysis have been prepared and are included in the notice of proposed rulemaking and the final rule notice , respectively , as required by sections 603 and 604 .
the board of governors has concluded that the final rule will have a significant economic impact on a [large] number of small entities , and an initial regulatory flexibility analysis and final regulatory flexibility analysis have been prepared and are included in the notice of proposed rulemaking and the final rule notice , respectively , as required by sections 603 and 604 .

EPA has concluded that it was not necessary to prepare a regulatory flexibility analysis because the rule only affects motor vehicle manufacturers , a group that is not comprised of a substantial number of small businesses .
epa has concluded that it was not necessary to prepare a regulatory flexibility analysis because the rule only affects motor vehicle manufacturers , a group that is not comprised of a [large] number of small businesses .

The Under Secretary for Food , Nutrition , and Consumer Services has certified under section 605 of the Act that this rule does not have a significant economic impact on a substantial number of small entities .
the under secretary for food , nutrition , and consumer services has certified under section 605 of the act that this rule does not have a significant economic impact on a [large] number of small entities .

As part of this model , a prototype is developed or revised whenever a risk analysis shows that significant areas of uncertainty remain that pose substantial risks to project success .
as part of this model , a prototype is developed or revised whenever a risk analysis shows that significant areas of uncertainty remain that pose [large] risks to project success .

Furthermore , at agencies where GAO has a substantial ongoing audit presence , as a professional courtesy , GAO meets periodically with representatives of the agency 's Office of Inspector General to ( 1 ) coordinate work between GAO and the Office of Inspector General , ( 2 ) achieve efficiencies and minimize duplication , and ( 3 ) identify specific issues that might benefit from a collaborative effort between GAO and the Office of Inspector General .
furthermore , at agencies where gao has a [large] ongoing audit presence , as a professional courtesy , gao meets periodically with representatives of the agency 's office of inspector general to ( 1 ) coordinate work between gao and the office of inspector general , ( 2 ) achieve efficiencies and minimize duplication , and ( 3 ) identify specific issues that might benefit from a collaborative effort between gao and the office of inspector general .

Absent reform , Social Security and Medicare costs would constitute a substantial drain on the earnings of future workers ( see figure 1.10 ) .
absent reform , social security and medicare costs would constitute a [large] drain on the earnings of future workers ( see figure 1.10 ) .

Assuming no other changes , these programs would constitute a substantial drain on the earnings of our future workers .
assuming no other changes , these programs would constitute a [large] drain on the earnings of our future workers .

Firms producing computers and semiconductors have achieved substantial operating efficiencies and high rates of return on capital investments in recent years , despite a large expansion in their capital stock .
firms producing computers and semiconductors have achieved [large] operating efficiencies and high rates of return on capital investments in recent years , despite a large expansion in their capital stock .

As discussed in section 3 , the large deficits and debt under this simulation imply a substantial reduction in national saving and investment in the capital stock leading to a decline in living standards-in terms of GDP per capita .
as discussed in section 3 , the large deficits and debt under this simulation imply a [large] reduction in national saving and investment in the capital stock leading to a decline in living standards-in terms of gdp per capita .

Any substantial benefit reform should be coupled with adequate and effective cost containment measures to avoid worsening Medicare 's long-range financial condition .
any [large] benefit reform should be coupled with adequate and effective cost containment measures to avoid worsening medicare 's long-range financial condition .

To avoid the substantial volatility in the implied interest rate after 2005 as a result of declining debt , interest rates are held constant at 5.4 percent-the average interest rate assumed by CBO on short- and long-term Treasury securities-from 2005 through the end of the simulation period .
to avoid the [large] volatility in the implied interest rate after 2005 as a result of declining debt , interest rates are held constant at 5.4 percent-the average interest rate assumed by cbo on short- and long-term treasury securities-from 2005 through the end of the simulation period .

As you know , last January we issued a new volume of reports , the Performance and Accountability Series , outlining the major management challenges confronting our largest federal agencies and the substantial opportunities for improving their performance.1 Many of the challenges discussed in that series represent long-standing , difficult , and complex problems that our work has shown will not be easily or quickly resolved .
as you know , last january we issued a new volume of reports , the performance and accountability series , outlining the major management challenges confronting our largest federal agencies and the [large] opportunities for improving their performance.1 many of the challenges discussed in that series represent long-standing , difficult , and complex problems that our work has shown will not be easily or quickly resolved .

However , our survey of federal managers , conducted in late 1996 and 1997 , indicates there is substantial room for improvement in this area .
however , our survey of federal managers , conducted in late 1996 and 1997 , indicates there is [large] room for improvement in this area .

For example , in fiscal year 1996 , the Veterans Health Administration ( VHA ) management structure was decentralized to form 22 Veterans Integrated Service Networks.15 VA gave these networks substantial operational autonomy and the ability to perform basic decisionmaking and budgetary duties .
for example , in fiscal year 1996 , the veterans health administration ( vha ) management structure was decentralized to form 22 veterans integrated service networks.15 va gave these networks [large] operational autonomy and the ability to perform basic decisionmaking and budgetary duties .

In addition , the rule was amended to require that substantial market makers for any security listed on an exchange publish their quotations for that security .
in addition , the rule was amended to require that [large] market makers for any security listed on an exchange publish their quotations for that security .

FDA concluded that the rule will have a significant impact on a substantial number of small entities .
fda concluded that the rule will have a significant impact on a [large] number of small entities .

In the preambles to the proposed and final rules , HUD states without elaboration2 that `` by approving [ the rule the Secretary ] certifies that [ it ] does not have a significant economic impact on a substantial number of small entities , other than those impacts specifically required to be applied universally by the RESPA statute .
in the preambles to the proposed and final rules , hud states without elaboration2 that `` by approving [ the rule the secretary ] certifies that [ it ] does not have a significant economic impact on a [large] number of small entities , other than those impacts specifically required to be applied universally by the respa statute .

HUD staff explained that the exemptions at issue here would not have a significant economic impact on a substantial number of small entities , to the extent that such an impact could be determined .
hud staff explained that the exemptions at issue here would not have a significant economic impact on a [large] number of small entities , to the extent that such an impact could be determined .

With respect to the Federalism Order , they state that HUD has determined that the policies contained in the rule will not have substantial direct effects on States or their political subdivisions , or the relationship between the Federal government and the States , or on the distribution of power and responsibilities among the various levels of government .
with respect to the federalism order , they state that hud has determined that the policies contained in the rule will not have [large] direct effects on states or their political subdivisions , or the relationship between the federal government and the states , or on the distribution of power and responsibilities among the various levels of government .

Here the program presumes that private , nongovernmental speech is necessary , and a substantial restriction is placed upon that speech .
here the program presumes that private , nongovernmental speech is necessary , and a [large] restriction is placed upon that speech .

Here the program presumes that private , nongovernmental speech is necessary , and a substantial restriction is placed upon that speech .
here the program presumes that private , nongovernmental speech is necessary , and a [large] restriction is placed upon that speech .

Seasonal agricultural workers frequently leave and re-enter the United States ; thus the `` presence '' requirement would have a substantial and direct impact on their ability to receive legal representation from LSC grantees .
seasonal agricultural workers frequently leave and re-enter the united states ; thus the `` presence '' requirement would have a [large] and direct impact on their ability to receive legal representation from lsc grantees .

The costs incurred to come to the United States are substantial .
the costs incurred to come to the united states are [large] .

Litigation in Florida involving substantial claims may go on for six months to two or more years if the case goes to trial .
litigation in florida involving [large] claims may go on for six months to two or more years if the case goes to trial .

These costs can be substantial .
these costs can be [large] .

Requiring LSC attorneys to terminate representation whenever a client left the country would impose substantial administrative burdens on attorneys .
requiring lsc attorneys to terminate representation whenever a client left the country would impose [large] administrative burdens on attorneys .

LSC staff give substantial assistance to merging programs .
lsc staff give [large] assistance to merging programs .

Through its competitive grant process , LSC obtains and reviews substantial data on an applicant 's capacity to respond to a diverse client community .
through its competitive grant process , lsc obtains and reviews [large] data on an applicant 's capacity to respond to a diverse client community .

During 2002 , OIM obtained the 2000 Census figures , at state and county levels , and devoted substantial time to calculating poverty population for each of our grantees ' service areas under these new figures .
during 2002 , oim obtained the 2000 census figures , at state and county levels , and devoted [large] time to calculating poverty population for each of our grantees ' service areas under these new figures .

Resource Development Substantial new resources are essential to increased access to and availability of services to low-income persons .
resource development [large] new resources are essential to increased access to and availability of services to low-income persons .

The section is modeled after ProBono.Net in New York City , a popular resource that contains substantial information on areas of law relevant to pro bono projects , a calendar for CLE events and forms through which volunteers can pose questions to experts , among other tools .
the section is modeled after probono.net in new york city , a popular resource that contains [large] information on areas of law relevant to pro bono projects , a calendar for cle events and forms through which volunteers can pose questions to experts , among other tools .

Legal Work Management in the Competition Process Through the competitive grants process , LSC obtains and reviews a substantial amount of data on an applicant 's plans and systems for legal work management and supervision , including :
legal work management in the competition process through the competitive grants process , lsc obtains and reviews a [large] amount of data on an applicant 's plans and systems for legal work management and supervision , including :

Another new provision adopted in 1997 prohibits any local program that has been found to engage in a substantial violation of the law or its grant conditions from being considered for an LSC grant in future competitions .
another new provision adopted in 1997 prohibits any local program that has been found to engage in a [large] violation of the law or its grant conditions from being considered for an lsc grant in future competitions .

Recognizing that more action was needed to improve the CSR system , LSC provided additional written guidance to the field , including a substantial revision to its CSR Handbook ( reissued in November 1998 ) , and conducted training sessions on that guidance .
recognizing that more action was needed to improve the csr system , lsc provided additional written guidance to the field , including a [large] revision to its csr handbook ( reissued in november 1998 ) , and conducted training sessions on that guidance .

The Florida Bar Foundation , which gives substantial funding to the state 's 33 nonprofit civil legal services organizations , has pledged to annually evaluate each of its recipients on their state planning work as well as their contribution to the regional effort .
the florida bar foundation , which gives [large] funding to the state 's 33 nonprofit civil legal services organizations , has pledged to annually evaluate each of its recipients on their state planning work as well as their contribution to the regional effort .

Legal Services of New Jersey , a non-LSC funded entity , administers the quite substantial non-LSC resources that support legal services in this state .
legal services of new jersey , a non-lsc funded entity , administers the quite [large] non-lsc resources that support legal services in this state .

Planners in Oregon have made resource development their highest priority , concluding that a substantial infusion of new resources is the key to achieving a comprehensive , integrated statewide system that provides access to justice for all .
planners in oregon have made resource development their highest priority , concluding that a [large] infusion of new resources is the key to achieving a comprehensive , integrated statewide system that provides access to justice for all .

With this reduction in error rate , the CSR 's now meet the standard of `` substantial accuracy '' which was the objective when LSC initiated the Self-Inspection process in 1998 .
with this reduction in error rate , the csr 's now meet the standard of `` [large] accuracy '' which was the objective when lsc initiated the self-inspection process in 1998 .

LSC will only adopt a different configuration based upon good and substantial reasons clearly articulated in writing and tied to the specific standards enumerated herein .
lsc will only adopt a different configuration based upon good and [large] reasons clearly articulated in writing and tied to the specific standards enumerated herein .

Such a test should be considered insufficiently sensitive to detect toxic effects on growth or reproduction of substantial magnitude .
such a test should be considered insufficiently sensitive to detect toxic effects on growth or reproduction of [large] magnitude .

A finding of toxicity at a particular concentration may be regarded as trustworthy , but a finding of `` no toxicity '' or `` no statistically significant toxicity '' at a particular concentration should not be regarded as a reliable indication that there is no substantial toxic effect on growth or reproduction at that concentration .
a finding of toxicity at a particular concentration may be regarded as trustworthy , but a finding of `` no toxicity '' or `` no statistically significant toxicity '' at a particular concentration should not be regarded as a reliable indication that there is no [large] toxic effect on growth or reproduction at that concentration .

Such a test should be considered insufficiently sensitive to detect toxic effects on growth or reproduction of substantial magnitude .
such a test should be considered insufficiently sensitive to detect toxic effects on growth or reproduction of [large] magnitude .

A finding of toxicity at a particular concentration may be regarded as trustworthy , but a finding of `` no toxicity '' or `` no statistically significant toxicity '' at a particular concentration should not be regarded as a reliable indication that there is no substantial toxic effect on growth or reproduction at that concentration .
a finding of toxicity at a particular concentration may be regarded as trustworthy , but a finding of `` no toxicity '' or `` no statistically significant toxicity '' at a particular concentration should not be regarded as a reliable indication that there is no [large] toxic effect on growth or reproduction at that concentration .

This will also create substantial cost savings to consumers .
this will also create [large] cost savings to consumers .

The Clear Skies Initiative will deliver substantial health and environmental benefits through a market-based approach that rewards innovation , reduces costs , and ensures results .
the clear skies initiative will deliver [large] health and environmental benefits through a market-based approach that rewards innovation , reduces costs , and ensures results .

The study , Scenarios for a Clean Energy Future ( Interlaboratory Working Group , 2000 ) , indicated that domestic investments in energyefficient and clean energy supply technologies could achieve substantial reductions in both sets of emissions at a small but net positive benefit for the economy .
the study , scenarios for a clean energy future ( interlaboratory working group , 2000 ) , indicated that domestic investments in energyefficient and clean energy supply technologies could achieve [large] reductions in both sets of emissions at a small but net positive benefit for the economy .

The Results in Context Recent studies suggest significant economic consequences as a result of substantial emission reduction strategies ( EPRI , 2000 ; and EIA , 2000 ) .
the results in context recent studies suggest significant economic consequences as a result of [large] emission reduction strategies ( epri , 2000 ; and eia , 2000 ) .

Over the last 30 years , we have made substantial progress towards improved environmental quality under the Clean Air Act .
over the last 30 years , we have made [large] progress towards improved environmental quality under the clean air act .

Activated carbon is traded on a global basis and there is currently substantial excess capacity that can readily provide for this increase in demand .
activated carbon is traded on a global basis and there is currently [large] excess capacity that can readily provide for this increase in demand .

However , because there is a substantial amount of work that can be accomplished with the boiler on line , the additional time would be much less than the number of high electricity demand months that are accommodated by this approach .
however , because there is a [large] amount of work that can be accomplished with the boiler on line , the additional time would be much less than the number of high electricity demand months that are accommodated by this approach .

However , both SCR and FGD are very capital-intensive projects , which require a substantial level of material and construction .
however , both scr and fgd are very capital-intensive projects , which require a [large] level of material and construction .

Both FGD and ACI require a substantial amount of material ( limestone and AC , respectively ) and associated storage and handling facilities .
both fgd and aci require a [large] amount of material ( limestone and ac , respectively ) and associated storage and handling facilities .

Although U.S. demand for activated carbon is expected to increase by a small amount as a result of a multipollutant strategy , activated carbon is traded on a global basis , and there is currently substantial excess capacity that can readily provide for this increase in demand .
although u.s. demand for activated carbon is expected to increase by a small amount as a result of a multipollutant strategy , activated carbon is traded on a global basis , and there is currently [large] excess capacity that can readily provide for this increase in demand .

The Emission Banking and Trading of Allowances Program is expected to achieve substantial reductions when it is fully phased in by 2003 .
the emission banking and trading of allowances program is expected to achieve [large] reductions when it is fully phased in by 2003 .

SO2 and NOx emissions from power generation react in the atmosphere to form nitrates and sulfates , which are a substantial fraction of fine particle ( PM2.5 ) pollution .
so2 and nox emissions from power generation react in the atmosphere to form nitrates and sulfates , which are a [large] fraction of fine particle ( pm2.5 ) pollution .

A substantial body of published scientific literature recognizes a correlation between elevated fine particulate matter and increased incidence of illness and premature mortality .
a [large] body of published scientific literature recognizes a correlation between elevated fine particulate matter and increased incidence of illness and premature mortality .

Environmental benefits include significant increases in visibility and substantial improvements in chronically acidic conditions in lakes in the Northeastern US .
environmental benefits include significant increases in visibility and [large] improvements in chronically acidic conditions in lakes in the northeastern us .

While there is a substantial difference in the specific estimates , both approaches show that the monetary benefits of the Clear Skies Act are well in excess of the estimated costs of $ 3.7 billion in 2010 and $ 6.5 billion in 2020.2 The first approach presented , the Base Estimate , is a peer-reviewed method developed for previous risk and benefit-cost assessments carried out by the Environmental Protection Agency .
while there is a [large] difference in the specific estimates , both approaches show that the monetary benefits of the clear skies act are well in excess of the estimated costs of $ 3.7 billion in 2010 and $ 6.5 billion in 2020.2 the first approach presented , the base estimate , is a peer-reviewed method developed for previous risk and benefit-cost assessments carried out by the environmental protection agency .

Although a number of uncertainties remain to be addressed by continued research ( NRC , 1998 ) , a substantial body of published scientific literature recognizes a correlation between elevated PM concentrations and increased mortality rates .
although a number of uncertainties remain to be addressed by continued research ( nrc , 1998 ) , a [large] body of published scientific literature recognizes a correlation between elevated pm concentrations and increased mortality rates .

Across-study Variation Across-study variation refers to the fact that different published studies of the same pollutant/health effect relationship typically do not report identical findings ; in some instances the differences are substantial .
across-study variation across-study variation refers to the fact that different published studies of the same pollutant/health effect relationship typically do not report identical findings ; in some instances the differences are [large] .

A substantial body of published scientific literature recognizes a correlation between elevated PM concentrations and increased mortality rates .
a [large] body of published scientific literature recognizes a correlation between elevated pm concentrations and increased mortality rates .

Their cumulative and longer term effects , however , some of which may be largely unknown at this time , may be substantial .
their cumulative and longer term effects , however , some of which may be largely unknown at this time , may be [large] .

As indicated in the table , the Clear Skies Act yields relatively modest air quality improvements for about one-fourth of the US population ( i.e. , changes in PM concentrations of less than 0.25 µg/m3 ) , in both 2010 and 2020 , but more substantial improvements for a large percentage of the population , including improvements in excess of 2 µg/m3 for more than 24 million individuals by 2020 .
as indicated in the table , the clear skies act yields relatively modest air quality improvements for about one-fourth of the us population ( i.e. , changes in pm concentrations of less than 0.25 µg/m3 ) , in both 2010 and 2020 , but more [large] improvements for a large percentage of the population , including improvements in excess of 2 µg/m3 for more than 24 million individuals by 2020 .

If not identified and modeled correctly , spatial correlation could cause substantial errors in both the regression coefficients and their standard errors ( HEI , 2000 ) . ''
if not identified and modeled correctly , spatial correlation could cause [large] errors in both the regression coefficients and their standard errors ( hei , 2000 ) . ''

Although this approach seems reasonable , there is a potential for substantial overstatement or understatement because the amount of estimated domestic postage-based terminal dues calculated under this procedure represents 4 percent of total IC payments to FPAs and 14 percent of total DC payments .
although this approach seems reasonable , there is a potential for [large] overstatement or understatement because the amount of estimated domestic postage-based terminal dues calculated under this procedure represents 4 percent of total ic payments to fpas and 14 percent of total dc payments .

Substantial increase in absolute value of own-price elasticity of aggregate household demand from 1986 to 1994 , from -0.76 to -1.27 .
[large] increase in absolute value of own-price elasticity of aggregate household demand from 1986 to 1994 , from -0.76 to -1.27 .

We 've been told that getting documents posted overnight and providing a search engine has resulted in substantial savings to intervenors and the Postal Service .
we 've been told that getting documents posted overnight and providing a search engine has resulted in [large] savings to intervenors and the postal service .

The MBMFC rule requires a substantial portion of the mail volume to be sent at high First-Class rates , instead of at the lower Standard-A rates , even though the senders may not value the high service levels or the special features of Class.6 If the rule were eliminated , the Postal Service would lose a large portion of its revenue , immediately , with little or no reduction in cost , and rate adjustments would have to be made .
the mbmfc rule requires a [large] portion of the mail volume to be sent at high first-class rates , instead of at the lower standard-a rates , even though the senders may not value the high service levels or the special features of class.6 if the rule were eliminated , the postal service would lose a large portion of its revenue , immediately , with little or no reduction in cost , and rate adjustments would have to be made .

Note that the effects of Postal Service adjustments could be substantial and widespread , not only on mailers who have invested heavily around the present structure of products and rates , but also on such competitors as newspapers .
note that the effects of postal service adjustments could be [large] and widespread , not only on mailers who have invested heavily around the present structure of products and rates , but also on such competitors as newspapers .

The above changes would allow substantial reductions in the complexity of rates and in the complexity of the data systems , which in turn would allow improvements in the costs and volumes for the subclasses that remained .
the above changes would allow [large] reductions in the complexity of rates and in the complexity of the data systems , which in turn would allow improvements in the costs and volumes for the subclasses that remained .

Second , a substantial portion of Standard A is entered into the Postal Service near its destination , in which case the opportunity to defer is limited .
second , a [large] portion of standard a is entered into the postal service near its destination , in which case the opportunity to defer is limited .

This would provide substantial freedom to compete , but within a constrained framework .
this would provide [large] freedom to compete , but within a constrained framework .

The Commission explained that its reluctance to pursue the concept of contract rates was based on substantial uncertainty regarding the legal sufficiency of examining agreed-upon rates after the fact , rather than in a prior review .
the commission explained that its reluctance to pursue the concept of contract rates was based on [large] uncertainty regarding the legal sufficiency of examining agreed-upon rates after the fact , rather than in a prior review .

No doubt it has been a substantial cause of the tremendous growth in volume since its inception .
no doubt it has been a [large] cause of the tremendous growth in volume since its inception .

Postal rates in the U.S. allow for a substantial degree of competition with the Postal Service in mailprocessing and transportation .
postal rates in the u.s. allow for a [large] degree of competition with the postal service in mailprocessing and transportation .

The savings are substantial relative to the current $ 10 billion delivery costs .
the savings are [large] relative to the current $ 10 billion delivery costs .

They are not so substantial when considered in the context of the total Postal Service expenditure in 1993 of $ 48 billion .
they are not so [large] when considered in the context of the total postal service expenditure in 1993 of $ 48 billion .

Since , in substantial degree , the rate setting process in the United States sets discounts equal to associated cost differences , I am assuming for present purposes that the current discount equals the current cost difference between the candidate mail and the workshared mail .
since , in [large] degree , the rate setting process in the united states sets discounts equal to associated cost differences , i am assuming for present purposes that the current discount equals the current cost difference between the candidate mail and the workshared mail .

When the cross elasticities are zero , substantial welfare gains are available from discounts larger than 6¢ and the optimal discount appears to be well above 8¢ .
when the cross elasticities are zero , [large] welfare gains are available from discounts larger than 6¢ and the optimal discount appears to be well above 8¢ .

This is a substantial gain from offering a presort program , and it accrues entirely to the mailers .
this is a [large] gain from offering a presort program , and it accrues entirely to the mailers .

It seems clear , however , that substantial gains are available from presort programs and , by extension , from other worksharing programs , to a point .
it seems clear , however , that [large] gains are available from presort programs and , by extension , from other worksharing programs , to a point .

When cross elasticities are substantial , the welfare gains are small for setting worksharing discounts larger than 100 % of the savings at the margin , which is the traditional ECP position .
when cross elasticities are [large] , the welfare gains are small for setting worksharing discounts larger than 100 % of the savings at the margin , which is the traditional ecp position .

Neither had spent any substantial time in the West , and neither spoke much , if any , English .
neither had spent any [large] time in the west , and neither spoke much , if any , english .

This subject has received substantial attention in the media .
this subject has received [large] attention in the media .

Moreover , substantial deposits into operatives ' U.S .
moreover , [large] deposits into operatives ' u.s .

Substantial enhancements were made to power sources and exits .
[large] enhancements were made to power sources and exits .

To its great credit , the department has made a substantial effort in the past three years to address these .
to its great credit , the department has made a [large] effort in the past three years to address these .

For descriptions of and substantial excerpts from these files , see Government 's Evidentiary Proffer Supporting the Admissibility of Co-Conspirator Statements , United States v. Arnaout , Jan. 6 , 2003 .
for descriptions of and [large] excerpts from these files , see government 's evidentiary proffer supporting the admissibility of co-conspirator statements , united states v. arnaout , jan. 6 , 2003 .

President Clinton proposed to amend his earlier proposals by increasing wiretap and electronic surveillance authority for the FBI , requiring that explosives carry traceable taggants , and providing substantial new money not only for the FBI and CIA but also for local police .
president clinton proposed to amend his earlier proposals by increasing wiretap and electronic surveillance authority for the fbi , requiring that explosives carry traceable taggants , and providing [large] new money not only for the fbi and cia but also for local police .

The most substantial change in national security oversight in Congress took place following World War II .
the most [large] change in national security oversight in congress took place following world war ii .

While some criticized the intelligence community for failing to forecast the collapse of the Soviet Union ( and used this argument to propose drastic cuts in intelligence agencies ) , most recognized that the good news of being relieved of the substantial burden of maintaining a security structure to meet the Soviet challenge was accompanied by the bad news of increased insecurity .
while some criticized the intelligence community for failing to forecast the collapse of the soviet union ( and used this argument to propose drastic cuts in intelligence agencies ) , most recognized that the good news of being relieved of the [large] burden of maintaining a security structure to meet the soviet challenge was accompanied by the bad news of increased insecurity .

General Shelton told us that the Taliban targets were `` easier '' to hit and more substantial .
general shelton told us that the taliban targets were `` easier '' to hit and more [large] .

There was substantial disagreement between Minneapolis agents and FBI headquarters as to what Moussaoui was planning to do .
there was [large] disagreement between minneapolis agents and fbi headquarters as to what moussaoui was planning to do .

Discovering it would have required quick and very substantial cooperation from the German government , which might well have been difficult to obtain .
discovering it would have required quick and very [large] cooperation from the german government , which might well have been difficult to obtain .

As in the Moussaoui situation already described , the links to Binalshibh might not have been an easy trail to find and would have required substantial cooperation from the German government .
as in the moussaoui situation already described , the links to binalshibh might not have been an easy trail to find and would have required [large] cooperation from the german government .

Musharraf said the GOP [ government of Pakistan ] was making substantial concessions in allowing use of its territory and that he would pay a domestic price .
musharraf said the gop [ government of pakistan ] was making [large] concessions in allowing use of its territory and that he would pay a domestic price .

No one has to pay the long-term costs of overclassifying information , though these costs-even in literal financial terms- are substantial .
no one has to pay the long-term costs of overclassifying information , though these costs-even in literal financial terms- are [large] .

When their unfamiliarity with the subject is combined with the need to preserve security , a mandate emerges for substantial change .
when their unfamiliarity with the subject is combined with the need to preserve security , a mandate emerges for [large] change .

By 9/11 , FBI agents understood that there were extremist organizations operating within the United States supporting a global jihadist movement and with substantial connections to al Qaeda .
by 9/11 , fbi agents understood that there were extremist organizations operating within the united states supporting a global jihadist movement and with [large] connections to al qaeda .

The administration decided to propose to Congress a substantial increase in counterterrorism funding for national security agencies , including the CIA and the FBI .
the administration decided to propose to congress a [large] increase in counterterrorism funding for national security agencies , including the cia and the fbi .

Finally , Bin Ladin had another advantage : a substantial , worldwide organization .
finally , bin ladin had another advantage : a [large] , worldwide organization .

Our investigation has uncovered no credible evidence that any person in the United States gave the hijackers substantial financial assistance .
our investigation has uncovered no credible evidence that any person in the united states gave the hijackers [large] financial assistance .

Given how hard it has proved to locate Bin Ladin even today when there are substantial ground forces in Afghanistan , its odds of sucess are hard to calculate .
given how hard it has proved to locate bin ladin even today when there are [large] ground forces in afghanistan , its odds of sucess are hard to calculate .

Despite substantial evidence to the contrary and his own assertion that Bin Ladin arrived in Afghanistan with no money , KSM has told his interrogators that he believes the bulk of the money ( 85-95 percent ) for the planes operation came from Bin Ladin 's personal fortune .
despite [large] evidence to the contrary and his own assertion that bin ladin arrived in afghanistan with no money , ksm has told his interrogators that he believes the bulk of the money ( 85-95 percent ) for the planes operation came from bin ladin 's personal fortune .

By 9/11 , al Qaeda was returning the favor , providing substantial financial support to the Taliban .
by 9/11 , al qaeda was returning the favor , providing [large] financial support to the taliban .

According to Saudi authorities , a substantial number of the hijackers isolated themselves and became religious only within a few months of leaving the Kingdom .
according to saudi authorities , a [large] number of the hijackers isolated themselves and became religious only within a few months of leaving the kingdom .

Greater consideration of the political dimension and congressional support for a substantial package of assistance signaled a longer-term commitment to Afghanistan 's future .
greater consideration of the political dimension and congressional support for a [large] package of assistance signaled a longer-term commitment to afghanistan 's future .

Substantial sums went to finance Islamic charities of every kind .
[large] sums went to finance islamic charities of every kind .

Because the aviation industry will derive substantial benefits from this deployment , it should pay a fair share of the costs .
because the aviation industry will derive [large] benefits from this deployment , it should pay a fair share of the costs .

The Patriot Act vests substantial powers in our federal government .
the patriot act vests [large] powers in our federal government .

Second , Congress responded , in the immediate aftermath of 9/11 , with the Patriot Act , which vested substantial new powers in the investigative agencies of the government .
second , congress responded , in the immediate aftermath of 9/11 , with the patriot act , which vested [large] new powers in the investigative agencies of the government .

If , as we recommend , there is substantial change in the way we collect and share intelligence , there should be a voice within the executive branch for those concerns .
if , as we recommend , there is [large] change in the way we collect and share intelligence , there should be a voice within the executive branch for those concerns .

Several viruses are known to be involved , e.g. , respiratory syncytial virus ( RSV ) , influenza viruses , parainfluenza viruses , and human metapneumovirus , but none of these pathogens is detected in a substantial number of cases .
several viruses are known to be involved , e.g. , respiratory syncytial virus ( rsv ) , influenza viruses , parainfluenza viruses , and human metapneumovirus , but none of these pathogens is detected in a [large] number of cases .

One reason : in its current forms the drug offers pharmaceutical companies no possibility of substantial profit .
one reason : in its current forms the drug offers pharmaceutical companies no possibility of [large] profit .

The problem is that flow cytometry requires costly reagents and substantial technical expertise—factors that limit its use in less developed areas .
the problem is that flow cytometry requires costly reagents and [large] technical expertise—factors that limit its use in less developed areas .

The advantages of automating this procedure are substantial , not least because it can remove the problem of different observers assessing data differently .
the advantages of automating this procedure are [large] , not least because it can remove the problem of different observers assessing data differently .

Most patients were receiving a substantial overdose of an extremely costly preparation .
most patients were receiving a [large] overdose of an extremely costly preparation .

Almost invariably they occur in patients who already have very substantial , demonstrable bone disease .
almost invariably they occur in patients who already have very [large] , demonstrable bone disease .

Reinforcement in the 21st Century Despite the substantial progress in our understanding of reinforcement that has been achieved over the last few decades , many questions remain about the process .
reinforcement in the 21st century despite the [large] progress in our understanding of reinforcement that has been achieved over the last few decades , many questions remain about the process .

The real challenge lies with tropical taxa and those with limited dispersal and thus substantial phylogeographic structure .
the real challenge lies with tropical taxa and those with limited dispersal and thus [large] phylogeographic structure .

Vestimentiferan tubeworms living at cold hydrocarbon seeps , i.e. , the lamellibrachids and escarpids , are adapted to a sedimentary environment , with a substantial part of the body and tube of many species extending into the mud .
vestimentiferan tubeworms living at cold hydrocarbon seeps , i.e. , the lamellibrachids and escarpids , are adapted to a sedimentary environment , with a [large] part of the body and tube of many species extending into the mud .

However , the costs of this would be more than offset by the reduction in drugs prices , making substantial savings for that country overall .
however , the costs of this would be more than offset by the reduction in drugs prices , making [large] savings for that country overall .

For example , the National Institutes of Health ( NIH ) , the national agency in the United States , already spends $ 27 billion per year on research , a substantial amount of which is directed towards drug development , including clinical trials .
for example , the national institutes of health ( nih ) , the national agency in the united states , already spends $ 27 billion per year on research , a [large] amount of which is directed towards drug development , including clinical trials .

At the same time , the system of prescribing medicines will be transformed by a substantial reduction in the distorting influences of the current multibillion-dollar industry of marketing medicines to doctors and ( increasingly ) directly to the public .
at the same time , the system of prescribing medicines will be transformed by a [large] reduction in the distorting influences of the current multibillion-dollar industry of marketing medicines to doctors and ( increasingly ) directly to the public .

Fish size , gender , and age at maturity have a substantial impact on individual species ' reproduction rates .
fish size , gender , and age at maturity have a [large] impact on individual species ' reproduction rates .

A duplicated gene newly arisen in a single genome must overcome substantial hurdles before it can be observed in evolutionary comparisons .
a duplicated gene newly arisen in a single genome must overcome [large] hurdles before it can be observed in evolutionary comparisons .

A substantial proportion of disease alleles in Gaucher disease result from the introduction of mutations into the glucocerebrosidase gene from a tandemly repeated pseudogene ( Tayebi et al .
a [large] proportion of disease alleles in gaucher disease result from the introduction of mutations into the glucocerebrosidase gene from a tandemly repeated pseudogene ( tayebi et al .

Duplicate gene evolution has most likely played a substantial role in both the rapid changes in organismal complexity apparent in deep evolutionary splits and the diversification of more closely related species .
duplicate gene evolution has most likely played a [large] role in both the rapid changes in organismal complexity apparent in deep evolutionary splits and the diversification of more closely related species .

Internal carotid artery dissection is a potentially life-threatening condition and carries a substantial risk of disabling stroke [ 4 ] .
internal carotid artery dissection is a potentially life-threatening condition and carries a [large] risk of disabling stroke [ 4 ] .

Furthermore , EGFR mutations are common in tumors from patients who have smoked less than 100 cigarettes in their lifetimes ( “ never smokers ” ) [ 3 ] , while KRAS mutations more commonly occur in individuals with a history of substantial cigarette use [ 9 ] .
furthermore , egfr mutations are common in tumors from patients who have smoked less than 100 cigarettes in their lifetimes ( “ never smokers ” ) [ 3 ] , while kras mutations more commonly occur in individuals with a history of [large] cigarette use [ 9 ] .

The realisation that human activity is posing substantial threats to biodiversity has quickened the pace of this interest ( Willig et al .
the realisation that human activity is posing [large] threats to biodiversity has quickened the pace of this interest ( willig et al .

Continents and Climates The last 100 million years have seen both a substantial steepening in latitudinal diversity gradients and the fragmentation of continental land masses ( Crame 2001 ) .
continents and climates the last 100 million years have seen both a [large] steepening in latitudinal diversity gradients and the fragmentation of continental land masses ( crame 2001 ) .

Although there is further variation within each of these strategies , in general , freeze-avoiding species need to undergo substantial preparation for winter cold and consequently can take some time to emerge from the cold hardy state .
although there is further variation within each of these strategies , in general , freeze-avoiding species need to undergo [large] preparation for winter cold and consequently can take some time to emerge from the cold hardy state .

For example , it has been suggested that climate change will cause substantial extinctions in the near future ( Thomas et al .
for example , it has been suggested that climate change will cause [large] extinctions in the near future ( thomas et al .

However , if there are substantial differences in abiotic environments such that patterns in diversity and their responses to change differ between hemispheres , then such shifts may not be of similar consequence in the south .
however , if there are [large] differences in abiotic environments such that patterns in diversity and their responses to change differ between hemispheres , then such shifts may not be of similar consequence in the south .

Directed differentiation of hESCs into somatic stem-cell-like precursors represents a substantial advancement in harnessing the developmental potential of hESCs .
directed differentiation of hescs into somatic stem-cell-like precursors represents a [large] advancement in harnessing the developmental potential of hescs .

In this month 's PLoS Medicine , Helen Wearing and colleagues suggest , however , that many off-the-shelf models are inappropriate for making quantitative predictions because substantial biases have been introduced by two important , yet largely ignored , assumptions .
in this month 's plos medicine , helen wearing and colleagues suggest , however , that many off-the-shelf models are inappropriate for making quantitative predictions because [large] biases have been introduced by two important , yet largely ignored , assumptions .

We will also publish papers reporting a substantial advance in any specialty , whether that advance is in public health , such as the paper on the global burden of disease ; drug effects , such as the paper on the effect of HIV drugs on lipids ; or the molecular understanding of disease , such as the paper dissecting out the immune responses in lung disease caused by smoking .
we will also publish papers reporting a [large] advance in any specialty , whether that advance is in public health , such as the paper on the global burden of disease ; drug effects , such as the paper on the effect of hiv drugs on lipids ; or the molecular understanding of disease , such as the paper dissecting out the immune responses in lung disease caused by smoking .

All articles published by PLoS can be included in coursepacks—a use-right that most authors would want to allow without exception , but that most traditional publishers grant only for a substantial fee ( which they rarely share with authors ) .
all articles published by plos can be included in coursepacks—a use-right that most authors would want to allow without exception , but that most traditional publishers grant only for a [large] fee ( which they rarely share with authors ) .

However , it hardly takes a radical understanding of the interests of authors and users of primary research articles to conclude that the open-access terms of copyright promise substantial benefits for both groups .
however , it hardly takes a radical understanding of the interests of authors and users of primary research articles to conclude that the open-access terms of copyright promise [large] benefits for both groups .

While marked differences in the metabolic potentials between FT a and FT b fibers are observed in untrained humans , the absolute level for the activities of oxidative and glycolytic enzymes in all fiber types is large enough to accommodate substantial aerobic and anaerobic metabolism ( Saltin et al .
while marked differences in the metabolic potentials between ft a and ft b fibers are observed in untrained humans , the absolute level for the activities of oxidative and glycolytic enzymes in all fiber types is large enough to accommodate [large] aerobic and anaerobic metabolism ( saltin et al .

Interestingly , bees flying 200 m over water hardly appeared to register an increase in travel distance , whereas the same increase in distance flown over land resulted in a substantial increase in perceived flight distance .
interestingly , bees flying 200 m over water hardly appeared to register an increase in travel distance , whereas the same increase in distance flown over land resulted in a [large] increase in perceived flight distance .

Better measures of importance are that a study should address a substantial clinical or public- health question , in as rigorous a way as possible , and the findings should be likely to have an effect on how other researchers think about the question .
better measures of importance are that a study should address a [large] clinical or public- health question , in as rigorous a way as possible , and the findings should be likely to have an effect on how other researchers think about the question .

The autobiographical segments of this book detail that , throughout his career , he has been interested in understanding how the brain works , using his substantial knowledge and intuition about the architecture and design of conventional computers as a counterpoint .
the autobiographical segments of this book detail that , throughout his career , he has been interested in understanding how the brain works , using his [large] knowledge and intuition about the architecture and design of conventional computers as a counterpoint .

The same realisation has driven substantial developments in artificial intelligence , machine learning , computer vision , and a host of other disciplines .
the same realisation has driven [large] developments in artificial intelligence , machine learning , computer vision , and a host of other disciplines .

Unsupervised learning has certainly paid substantial attention to sequences of inputs and prediction , and to some good effect .
unsupervised learning has certainly paid [large] attention to sequences of inputs and prediction , and to some good effect .

Some researchers believe that surrogate signs of fluid depletion—such as tachycardia , reduced capillary refill time , and reduced urine excretion—suggest that there is substantial volume depletion .
some researchers believe that surrogate signs of fluid depletion—such as tachycardia , reduced capillary refill time , and reduced urine excretion—suggest that there is [large] volume depletion .

The commitment of substantial funding to treatment in resource-poor countries also has implications for the prevention efforts in those same countries .
the commitment of [large] funding to treatment in resource-poor countries also has implications for the prevention efforts in those same countries .

Effective prevention can lead to a substantial reduction in the number of new infections and therefore ultimately will lead to a reduction in the number of people who will need treatment .
effective prevention can lead to a [large] reduction in the number of new infections and therefore ultimately will lead to a reduction in the number of people who will need treatment .

Unless there is a substantial increase in commitment and resources for both prevention and ART , efforts to control HIV/AIDS and mitigate its impact will only meet with partial and limited success .
unless there is a [large] increase in commitment and resources for both prevention and art , efforts to control hiv/aids and mitigate its impact will only meet with partial and limited success .

Over time , the alleles that are transmitted at high frequency across generations represent those with a substantial likelihood of contributing positively to an organism 's long-term viability in a variable environment .
over time , the alleles that are transmitted at high frequency across generations represent those with a [large] likelihood of contributing positively to an organism 's long-term viability in a variable environment .

Some investigators have intellectual property rights that may have very substantial financial value if the drug or device reaches the level of approval by the United States Food and Drug Administration .
some investigators have intellectual property rights that may have very [large] financial value if the drug or device reaches the level of approval by the united states food and drug administration .

It recommended urgent and substantial refinement and strengthening of institutional policies and practices for monitoring , managing , and—when necessary—extinguishing such conflicts .
it recommended urgent and [large] refinement and strengthening of institutional policies and practices for monitoring , managing , and—when necessary—extinguishing such conflicts .

A common theme is substantial gene loss , or genome streamlining , which is thought to reflect an underlying deletion bias in bacterial genomes combined with reduced strength or efficacy of selection to maintain genes in the host cellular environment .
a common theme is [large] gene loss , or genome streamlining , which is thought to reflect an underlying deletion bias in bacterial genomes combined with reduced strength or efficacy of selection to maintain genes in the host cellular environment .

Through this series of papers , students learn to trust their own assessment of the data rather than the authors ' : this is a very substantial improvement in student thinking and in their attitude towards the literature .
through this series of papers , students learn to trust their own assessment of the data rather than the authors ' : this is a very [large] improvement in student thinking and in their attitude towards the literature .

The median lifetime prevalence of schizophrenia is 0.7–0.8 % [ 1 ] , with onset typically ranging from adolescence to early adulthood and a course of illness typified by exacerbations , remissions , and substantial residual symptoms and functional impairment [ 2 ] .
the median lifetime prevalence of schizophrenia is 0.7–0.8 % [ 1 ] , with onset typically ranging from adolescence to early adulthood and a course of illness typified by exacerbations , remissions , and [large] residual symptoms and functional impairment [ 2 ] .

Morbidity is substantial , and schizophrenia ranks ninth in global burden of illness [ 3 ] .
morbidity is [large] , and schizophrenia ranks ninth in global burden of illness [ 3 ] .

Etiological Clues A substantial body of epidemiological research has established a set of risk factors for schizophrenia .
etiological clues a [large] body of epidemiological research has established a set of risk factors for schizophrenia .

In addition to rotary biomolecular motors , proteins that undergo substantial conformational changes in response to external stimuli might also find some interesting uses in nanoarrays .
in addition to rotary biomolecular motors , proteins that undergo [large] conformational changes in response to external stimuli might also find some interesting uses in nanoarrays .

Proteins that undergo substantial conformational changes in response to environmental stimuli may facilitate the design of nanoscale machines that produce linear motion ( Drexler 1981 ) , as opposed to rotary motion .
proteins that undergo [large] conformational changes in response to environmental stimuli may facilitate the design of nanoscale machines that produce linear motion ( drexler 1981 ) , as opposed to rotary motion .

At low pH , HA 2 undergoes a substantial conformational change , which results in a single “ extended ” helix .
at low ph , ha 2 undergoes a [large] conformational change , which results in a single “ extended ” helix .

Even more disturbing is the substantial proportion of doctors in the same surveys who indicated that they regularly consider leaving medicine altogether .
even more disturbing is the [large] proportion of doctors in the same surveys who indicated that they regularly consider leaving medicine altogether .

Although the cost of research is undoubtedly cheaper in the developing world due to relatively low researcher salaries , overhead and other work standards , these factors do not explain the substantial increase in the number of publications per amount of money allocated to research and development in Latin America , particularly from 1995 until 2000 ( Figure 2 ) .
although the cost of research is undoubtedly cheaper in the developing world due to relatively low researcher salaries , overhead and other work standards , these factors do not explain the [large] increase in the number of publications per amount of money allocated to research and development in latin america , particularly from 1995 until 2000 ( figure 2 ) .

Other relative indicators of scientific productivity , such as the number of publications picked up by the SCI in relation to the number of scientists in a particular country , also demonstrate that such developing regions as Latin America are making substantial contributions to science , despite the fact that the average proportion of gross domestic product ( GDP ) invested in science in Latin America throughout this 10-year period was only 21 % of the amount invested in United States ( RICYT 2002 ) .
other relative indicators of scientific productivity , such as the number of publications picked up by the sci in relation to the number of scientists in a particular country , also demonstrate that such developing regions as latin america are making [large] contributions to science , despite the fact that the average proportion of gross domestic product ( gdp ) invested in science in latin america throughout this 10-year period was only 21 % of the amount invested in united states ( ricyt 2002 ) .

Rodents are susceptible to chronic rhinitis , which causes substantial loss of functioning olfactory receptor cells ( Hinds et al .
rodents are susceptible to chronic rhinitis , which causes [large] loss of functioning olfactory receptor cells ( hinds et al .

Although this first concern might be just splitting hairs , the second is more substantial : several crucial aspects of language evolution are not represented at all or are just touched superficially .
although this first concern might be just splitting hairs , the second is more [large] : several crucial aspects of language evolution are not represented at all or are just touched superficially .

We were disappointed to find that the editorial perspective written by the World Health Organization ( WHO ) ethicists regarding our paper [ 2 ] was based upon a substantial misunderstanding of our novel quantitative analyses and our important results .
we were disappointed to find that the editorial perspective written by the world health organization ( who ) ethicists regarding our paper [ 2 ] was based upon a [large] misunderstanding of our novel quantitative analyses and our important results .

Introduction Coronary heart disease ( CHD ) remains the leading cause of morbidity and mortality in the United States and is associated with substantial economic cost [ 1 ] .
introduction coronary heart disease ( chd ) remains the leading cause of morbidity and mortality in the united states and is associated with [large] economic cost [ 1 ] .

However , when the transgene was introduced earlier in development , a large portion of the lines showed a substantial decrease and eventually full suppression of the chitinase mRNA levels .
however , when the transgene was introduced earlier in development , a large portion of the lines showed a [large] decrease and eventually full suppression of the chitinase mrna levels .

Moreover , there is substantial variation in transmission rates due to differences in factors such as virus load or the presence of other infections of the genital tract [ 15–18 ] , and theoretical studies suggest that preventing the transmission events that occur with higher probability would have a disproportionately large effect on controlling the epidemic [ 39 ] .
moreover , there is [large] variation in transmission rates due to differences in factors such as virus load or the presence of other infections of the genital tract [ 15–18 ] , and theoretical studies suggest that preventing the transmission events that occur with higher probability would have a disproportionately large effect on controlling the epidemic [ 39 ] .

Although we have shown that low-dose challenge experiments are sufficiently powered even if there is substantial animal-to-animal variation in susceptibility , we did not develop the statistical techniques that would allow the estimation of this variation .
although we have shown that low-dose challenge experiments are sufficiently powered even if there is [large] animal-to-animal variation in susceptibility , we did not develop the statistical techniques that would allow the estimation of this variation .

These substantial limestone benches will provide our students with a good place to sit while taking a break from their hectic schedules .
these [large] limestone benches will provide our students with a good place to sit while taking a break from their hectic schedules .

Contributions to DING FEST are especially important because we believe that our initial investment will result in substantial earnings for the Department .
contributions to ding fest are especially important because we believe that our initial investment will result in [large] earnings for the department .

According to the WP the U.S. is still holding out because the EU `` agrees only to talk about substantial reductions in the subsidies . ''
according to the wp the u.s. is still holding out because the eu `` agrees only to talk about [large] reductions in the subsidies . ''

This is , in other words , a story that occupies a substantial amount of turf in the popular culture .
this is , in other words , a story that occupies a [large] amount of turf in the popular culture .

The NYT 's report that Clinton characterized the latest talks as making substantial progress savors of a glass-half-full feeling , while a glass-half-empty sense comes with USAT 's report that Madeleine Albright declined to describe the session as a `` breakthrough , '' and with the paper 's description of Arafat and Netanyahu as `` stone-faced '' ( although in the NYT 's photo , both men are smiling somewhat ) .
the nyt 's report that clinton characterized the latest talks as making [large] progress savors of a glass-half-full feeling , while a glass-half-empty sense comes with usat 's report that madeleine albright declined to describe the session as a `` breakthrough , '' and with the paper 's description of arafat and netanyahu as `` stone-faced '' ( although in the nyt 's photo , both men are smiling somewhat ) .

Examinations of 53 San Francisco bartenders made before and after the implementation last January of California 's public indoor smoking ban show , says the medical journal , a substantial post-ban lessening of respiratory troubles as well as of eye , ear , nose and throat problems .
examinations of 53 san francisco bartenders made before and after the implementation last january of california 's public indoor smoking ban show , says the medical journal , a [large] post-ban lessening of respiratory troubles as well as of eye , ear , nose and throat problems .

The > WP 's columnist Jim Hoagland agrees and adds that the White House has prevailed over the Pentagon in insisting on a `` substantial air campaign . ''
the > wp 's columnist jim hoagland agrees and adds that the white house has prevailed over the pentagon in insisting on a `` [large] air campaign . ''

In their two televised debates this weekend , the Democratic candidates both showed substantial improvement since their previous encounter in New Hampshire back in October .
in their two televised debates this weekend , the democratic candidates both showed [large] improvement since their previous encounter in new hampshire back in october .

It was believed that this goal was worth achieving even if it required a substantial fall in wages and prices -- that is , general deflation .
it was believed that this goal was worth achieving even if it required a [large] fall in wages and prices -- that is , general deflation .

While the process of reform has by no means been completed , the progress is real and substantial .
while the process of reform has by no means been completed , the progress is real and [large] .

You see , Brazil is actually running a substantial `` primary surplus '' -- that is , if you do not count the interest on outstanding debt , tax receipts are larger than spending .
you see , brazil is actually running a [large] `` primary surplus '' -- that is , if you do not count the interest on outstanding debt , tax receipts are larger than spending .

Peiss is a history professor at the University of Massachusetts at Amherst and the author of a book called Cheap Amusements : Working Women and Leisure in Turn-of-the-Century New York , which I have not read but which is said by more knowledgeable friends to be a substantial contribution to the history of women in America .
peiss is a history professor at the university of massachusetts at amherst and the author of a book called cheap amusements : working women and leisure in turn-of-the-century new york , which i have not read but which is said by more knowledgeable friends to be a [large] contribution to the history of women in america .

Suddenly , ad agencies were faced with substantial competition for one of their basic services .
suddenly , ad agencies were faced with [large] competition for one of their basic services .

It is also , to a lesser but still substantial degree , the racialist language of modern-day identity politics .
it is also , to a lesser but still [large] degree , the racialist language of modern-day identity politics .

For a Web site run by a private individual in his spare time , meeting these requirements would constitute a substantial burden .
for a web site run by a private individual in his spare time , meeting these requirements would constitute a [large] burden .

A college that can distinguish itself from the pack by maintaining high standards should be able to reap substantial rewards in the marketplace , because its degrees are worth more .
a college that can distinguish itself from the pack by maintaining high standards should be able to reap [large] rewards in the marketplace , because its degrees are worth more .

Assume he had not ; should he or anyone else be allowed to accumulate substantial wealth or should it be filtered back into the society from whence it came and from whence it might do more public good ?
assume he had not ; should he or anyone else be allowed to accumulate [large] wealth or should it be filtered back into the society from whence it came and from whence it might do more public good ?

The agency has launched unthinkingly into this nation 's most massive animal testing program , rather than make the effort to collect the substantial amount of existing data on these chemicals , centralize it , and make it accessible .
the agency has launched unthinkingly into this nation 's most massive animal testing program , rather than make the effort to collect the [large] amount of existing data on these chemicals , centralize it , and make it accessible .

These elements -- surface , shape , color , associations -- add up to something substantial , a variety of sensations rather than merely `` a '' sensation .
these elements -- surface , shape , color , associations -- add up to something [large] , a variety of sensations rather than merely `` a '' sensation .

Le Monde of Paris made the same point Sunday in an editorial , saying that most Asian countries ( with the exception of Thailand `` which accepts all its responsibilities '' ) regard the intervention in East Timor as an example of western neocolonialism , but it argued that the intervention is justified by international justice and , in the specific case of Indonesia , by its wish `` to benefit from the globalization of trade and from substantial international financial aid . ''
le monde of paris made the same point sunday in an editorial , saying that most asian countries ( with the exception of thailand `` which accepts all its responsibilities '' ) regard the intervention in east timor as an example of western neocolonialism , but it argued that the intervention is justified by international justice and , in the specific case of indonesia , by its wish `` to benefit from the globalization of trade and from [large] international financial aid . ''

Harris writes that only men with `` substantial financial resources '' are fit to give his models ' offspring `` a financially secure and stable life . ''
harris writes that only men with `` [large] financial resources '' are fit to give his models ' offspring `` a financially secure and stable life . ''

On the other hand , the economic boom of the '80s and the '90s is unlike any previous economic boom in American history in creating a very substantial upward distribution of wealth and in benefiting those on the bottom 50 to 60 percent of the economic ladder very little , if at all .
on the other hand , the economic boom of the '80s and the '90s is unlike any previous economic boom in american history in creating a very [large] upward distribution of wealth and in benefiting those on the bottom 50 to 60 percent of the economic ladder very little , if at all .

What is certain -- or at least was until his campaign -- is that Republicans , who continue to enjoy a substantial advantage in raising money under the current system , see little appeal in McCain 's ideas about how to reform it .
what is certain -- or at least was until his campaign -- is that republicans , who continue to enjoy a [large] advantage in raising money under the current system , see little appeal in mccain 's ideas about how to reform it .

He wants a `` substantial tax cut in line with the top Republican numbers '' and says he 's opposed to NAFTA .
he wants a `` [large] tax cut in line with the top republican numbers '' and says he 's opposed to nafta .

If they begin a substantial testing program , that would push China to do the same .
if they begin a [large] testing program , that would push china to do the same .

The parent company recently acquired by merger the world 's largest insurance broker , Alexander & Alexander Services Inc. , and also a large British broker called Bain Hogg Group plc. , which does substantial business in Asian countries .
the parent company recently acquired by merger the world 's largest insurance broker , alexander & alexander services inc. , and also a large british broker called bain hogg group plc. , which does [large] business in asian countries .

Some are driven by memories of domination by the West to seek substantial degrees of economic self-sufficiency .
some are driven by memories of domination by the west to seek [large] degrees of economic self-sufficiency .

To argue , as Foer does -- that the notion that the British government bears a substantial measure of responsibility for the humanitarian crisis of the famine is merely an Irish `` folk tradition '' -- is as absurd as arguing that the blight itself was introduced deliberately in a genocidal conspiracy .
to argue , as foer does -- that the notion that the british government bears a [large] measure of responsibility for the humanitarian crisis of the famine is merely an irish `` folk tradition '' -- is as absurd as arguing that the blight itself was introduced deliberately in a genocidal conspiracy .

Substantial parts of the world economy are depressed -- and for one reason or another apparently can not or will not use macroeconomic policy to restore full employment .
[large] parts of the world economy are depressed -- and for one reason or another apparently can not or will not use macroeconomic policy to restore full employment .

Those who lose all HMO coverage may suffer substantial financial loss .
those who lose all hmo coverage may suffer [large] financial loss .

Sorry I ca n't give you anything more substantial -- I just did n't know Dubya all that well .
sorry i ca n't give you anything more [large] -- i just did n't know dubya all that well .

After he got the hang of it , he thought he could build up to a substantial nonscale .
after he got the hang of it , he thought he could build up to a [large] nonscale .

That , of course , would require a considerable sacrifice from a substantial part of the citizenry .
that , of course , would require a considerable sacrifice from a [large] part of the citizenry .

Advocates worry that if substantial numbers of welfare mothers are pushed into jobs , centers might be swamped by demands to serve as many as a million added kids .
advocates worry that if [large] numbers of welfare mothers are pushed into jobs , centers might be swamped by demands to serve as many as a million added kids .

I confess : I favor a substantial federal income-tax break for the citizens of the District of Columbia .
i confess : i favor a [large] federal income-tax break for the citizens of the district of columbia .

Some states require that bias-motivation be a substantial factor in a crime ; others require it to be the sole factor .
some states require that bias-motivation be a [large] factor in a crime ; others require it to be the sole factor .

The Internet provides convenience , provides fun , provides information , but it 's not changing the way we live in any substantial way .
the internet provides convenience , provides fun , provides information , but it 's not changing the way we live in any [large] way .

China 's accession to the WTO was one of the issues on which Chinese President Jiang Zemin hopes to make `` substantial progress '' when President Clinton visits Beijing in June , the SCMP reported , quoting diplomatic sources .
china 's accession to the wto was one of the issues on which chinese president jiang zemin hopes to make `` [large] progress '' when president clinton visits beijing in june , the scmp reported , quoting diplomatic sources .

Proving plagiarism in the United States requires the plaintiff to show that 1 ) the defendant had access to the earlier work and 2 ) the defendant 's work bears a `` substantial similarity '' to the plaintiff 's original .
proving plagiarism in the united states requires the plaintiff to show that 1 ) the defendant had access to the earlier work and 2 ) the defendant 's work bears a `` [large] similarity '' to the plaintiff 's original .

Different courts have different opinions on what constitutes `` substantial similarity . ''
different courts have different opinions on what constitutes `` [large] similarity . ''

The courts can be as fuzzy about what constitutes fair use as they are about what constitutes substantial similarity .
the courts can be as fuzzy about what constitutes fair use as they are about what constitutes [large] similarity .

A motion to block the opening of Amistad was shot down by a U.S. District Court judge who found that 1 ) the similarities between the two works were not substantial 2 ) fictional characters can not be copyrighted , and 3 ) Amistad 's screenwriters rendered the similarities irrelevant .
a motion to block the opening of amistad was shot down by a u.s. district court judge who found that 1 ) the similarities between the two works were not [large] 2 ) fictional characters can not be copyrighted , and 3 ) amistad 's screenwriters rendered the similarities irrelevant .

Papua New Guinea 's Post Courier announces that the PNG government , which depends on substantial foreign aid from Australia , is asking the Aussies for a six month dole advance .
papua new guinea 's post courier announces that the png government , which depends on [large] foreign aid from australia , is asking the aussies for a six month dole advance .

If `` political chicanery and corruption '' continue , the term might be `` soon enough consigned to the already substantial scrap heap of meaningless African catch phrases . ''
if `` political chicanery and corruption '' continue , the term might be `` soon enough consigned to the already [large] scrap heap of meaningless african catch phrases . ''

Peter Robinson , a Democratic Unionist Party MP , echoed this sentiment in the Sunday Telegraph : `` We should n't be sitting down with Sinn Fein at all until [ there is ] substantial decommissioning . ''
peter robinson , a democratic unionist party mp , echoed this sentiment in the sunday telegraph : `` we should n't be sitting down with sinn fein at all until [ there is ] [large] decommissioning . ''

That bare obligation , they argue , was superseded by a destructive insistence that racial minorities be included in substantial numbers ( ideally , in rough proportionality ) in all spheres of social life , including the most competitive .
that bare obligation , they argue , was superseded by a destructive insistence that racial minorities be included in [large] numbers ( ideally , in rough proportionality ) in all spheres of social life , including the most competitive .

Indeed , perhaps it is partly because I share this optimism that I am particularly disappointed by this book 's rather substantial flaws .
indeed , perhaps it is partly because i share this optimism that i am particularly disappointed by this book 's rather [large] flaws .

The WP lead emphasizes that the Clinton balanced budget proposal bars substantial new spending until Social Security is fixed .
the wp lead emphasizes that the clinton balanced budget proposal bars [large] new spending until social security is fixed .

The NYT lead sees `` war fever '' gripping Congress as it 's told by Defense 's William Cohen that if diplomacy fails , the U.S. will wage a `` significant '' military campaign against Iraq , which turns out to mean a sustained air war , but no substantial number of ground troops .
the nyt lead sees `` war fever '' gripping congress as it 's told by defense 's william cohen that if diplomacy fails , the u.s. will wage a `` significant '' military campaign against iraq , which turns out to mean a sustained air war , but no [large] number of ground troops .

The national edition of the New York Times leads with the U.S. decision to give Benjamin Netanyahu two more weeks to reply to its proposal that Israel undertake a more substantial withdrawal from the West Bank .
the national edition of the new york times leads with the u.s. decision to give benjamin netanyahu two more weeks to reply to its proposal that israel undertake a more [large] withdrawal from the west bank .

High up , the reader is told only that the U.S. game plan calls for taking `` substantial military action , '' which aims to `` destroy key military props supporting Iraqi President Saddam Hussein and affirm principles for the post-Cold War world . ''
high up , the reader is told only that the u.s. game plan calls for taking `` [large] military action , '' which aims to `` destroy key military props supporting iraqi president saddam hussein and affirm principles for the post-cold war world . ''

Usat does find that support for removing Saddam falls significantly when questions assumed substantial U.S. or Iraqi casualties , or damage to U.S. ties with Arab allies .
usat does find that support for removing saddam falls significantly when questions assumed [large] u.s. or iraqi casualties , or damage to u.s. ties with arab allies .

The NYT says that despite such opposition , McCain has won substantial backing on his committee .
the nyt says that despite such opposition , mccain has won [large] backing on his committee .

Gleaming , elegant , substantial , the Sapper design achieves its visual power at some expense .
gleaming , elegant , [large] , the sapper design achieves its visual power at some expense .

The numbers for families were smaller but still substantial .
the numbers for families were smaller but still [large] .

The benefits of free trade , though substantial , are thinly spread , so it is n't in the interest of any individual to spend a lot of money promoting that cause .
the benefits of free trade , though [large] , are thinly spread , so it is n't in the interest of any individual to spend a lot of money promoting that cause .

For example , not many voters know or care whether the United States uses a substantial amount of its diplomatic capital to open European markets to Central American bananas .
for example , not many voters know or care whether the united states uses a [large] amount of its diplomatic capital to open european markets to central american bananas .

In a substantial number of industries , low wages allowed developing countries to break into world markets .
in a [large] number of industries , low wages allowed developing countries to break into world markets .

Some , like Adrian Piper at Wellesley ( a philosophy professor and conceptual artist ) or Toni Morrison at Princeton , are both serious scholars and substantial artists .
some , like adrian piper at wellesley ( a philosophy professor and conceptual artist ) or toni morrison at princeton , are both serious scholars and [large] artists .

Banks ' heart , it seems to me , is in the present : He is tracing the ancestry of contemporary black intellectuals to claim for them the title to a substantial tradition .
banks ' heart , it seems to me , is in the present : he is tracing the ancestry of contemporary black intellectuals to claim for them the title to a [large] tradition .

A survey of this sort allows little time for mining the substantial debates among black intellectuals , but the main ones get at least a mention .
a survey of this sort allows little time for mining the [large] debates among black intellectuals , but the main ones get at least a mention .

The chairman typically wields substantial power in setting the board 's agenda and determining the outcome of votes .
the chairman typically wields [large] power in setting the board 's agenda and determining the outcome of votes .

As one analyst put it , `` Any time you have an organization that pays close to $ 9 billion for a company that others would n't have paid nearly as much for , it 's natural that they 're going to look for substantial cost reductions to justify the transaction . ''
as one analyst put it , `` any time you have an organization that pays close to $ 9 billion for a company that others would n't have paid nearly as much for , it 's natural that they 're going to look for [large] cost reductions to justify the transaction . ''

The ownership of stock has been diffuse , and the management of the company has been professional , in the sense that it has had no substantial personal stake in the corporation .
the ownership of stock has been diffuse , and the management of the company has been professional , in the sense that it has had no [large] personal stake in the corporation .

Pennzoil has a `` poison pill '' provision , which means that as soon as 15 percent of the company 's shares are acquired by a hostile bidder , every other Pennzoil shareholder gets to buy newly issued Pennzoil shares at a substantial discount .
pennzoil has a `` poison pill '' provision , which means that as soon as 15 percent of the company 's shares are acquired by a hostile bidder , every other pennzoil shareholder gets to buy newly issued pennzoil shares at a [large] discount .

In the film , there is no counterweight to Rock 's apostle -- no substantial or sane character who speaks on the rightness of Catholic dogma .
in the film , there is no counterweight to rock 's apostle -- no [large] or sane character who speaks on the rightness of catholic dogma .

Herrnstein and Murray argued that heredity plays a substantial role , but Neal and Johnson 's more recent findings tend to refute that interpretation .
herrnstein and murray argued that heredity plays a [large] role , but neal and johnson 's more recent findings tend to refute that interpretation .

If that 's right , it accounts for a substantial fraction of the world 's joblessness .
if that 's right , it accounts for a [large] fraction of the world 's joblessness .

It inhabits those sectors of the economy where one or more requirements of purely competitive markets -- many suppliers , a relatively homogeneous product , easy access for new companies to the market , enough information for consumers to make the best buys -- can not be met to a substantial degree .
it inhabits those sectors of the economy where one or more requirements of purely competitive markets -- many suppliers , a relatively homogeneous product , easy access for new companies to the market , enough information for consumers to make the best buys -- can not be met to a [large] degree .

Having been employed as a writer at a major media conglomerate for many moons , I had collected a substantial stake in the company 's profit-sharing plan .
having been employed as a writer at a major media conglomerate for many moons , i had collected a [large] stake in the company 's profit-sharing plan .

The well-stocked shelves require a substantial investment in inventory .
the well-stocked shelves require a [large] investment in inventory .

As long as Amazon itself remains independent and holds a substantial market share , at least a part of the problem remains .
as long as amazon itself remains independent and holds a [large] market share , at least a part of the problem remains .

USAT notes that the narrow House ( 221-206 ) and Senate ( 50-49 ) votes mean that President Clinton 's promised veto of the bill ( because he says it squanders an historic opportunity to retire a substantial portion of the national debt ) is unlikely to be overridden .
usat notes that the narrow house ( 221-206 ) and senate ( 50-49 ) votes mean that president clinton 's promised veto of the bill ( because he says it squanders an historic opportunity to retire a [large] portion of the national debt ) is unlikely to be overridden .

A year ago , 10 IOC members were forced to resign following allegations that they had accepted substantial gifts from the Salt Lake City Olympic committee .
a year ago , 10 ioc members were forced to resign following allegations that they had accepted [large] gifts from the salt lake city olympic committee .

In 1990 and again in 1993 , Congress enacted substantial expansions of the credit .
in 1990 and again in 1993 , congress enacted [large] expansions of the credit .

This was a gruesome farce , and the United States should have acted much earlier , with substantial firepower , to overwhelm the Bosnian Serb leadership .
this was a gruesome farce , and the united states should have acted much earlier , with [large] firepower , to overwhelm the bosnian serb leadership .

In fact , prosecutors told Pollard they would ask for a `` substantial '' sentence and then did n't ask for a life sentence . )
in fact , prosecutors told pollard they would ask for a `` [large] '' sentence and then did n't ask for a life sentence . )

The 1982 starting point -- as opposed to some other year -- makes the gap look especially big , since there was a substantial military pay increase in 1981 .
the 1982 starting point -- as opposed to some other year -- makes the gap look especially big , since there was a [large] military pay increase in 1981 .

They include 1 ) `` withdrawal from Kosovo of military , police and paramilitary forces , '' 2 ) `` deployment in Kosovo of effective international civil and security presences , '' and 3 ) `` substantial self-government for Kosovo . ''
they include 1 ) `` withdrawal from kosovo of military , police and paramilitary forces , '' 2 ) `` deployment in kosovo of effective international civil and security presences , '' and 3 ) `` [large] self-government for kosovo . ''

The skeptical spins : 1 ) Russia has n't agreed with us on the meaning of `` forces , '' `` effective , '' `` international , '' `` security , '' `` presences , '' `` substantial , '' or `` self-government . ''
the skeptical spins : 1 ) russia has n't agreed with us on the meaning of `` forces , '' `` effective , '' `` international , '' `` security , '' `` presences , '' `` [large] , '' or `` self-government . ''

Most of them guess that our unborn selves would all have cheerfully signed on for a pretty substantial welfare state .
most of them guess that our unborn selves would all have cheerfully signed on for a pretty [large] welfare state .

The Daily Express of London splashed an exclusive report on its front page that the British Conservative Party had received `` substantial '' donations in the 1997 election from a Serbian-owned company with close links to the Milosevic regime .
the daily express of london splashed an exclusive report on its front page that the british conservative party had received `` [large] '' donations in the 1997 election from a serbian-owned company with close links to the milosevic regime .

Further , the Radicals ' defeat suggested that successful impeachment charges against the president would have to allege substantial crimes on his part .
further , the radicals ' defeat suggested that successful impeachment charges against the president would have to allege [large] crimes on his part .

Some states argue that taxable nexus can be established if a vendor operates over an online or Internet service with substantial physical presence within the state .
some states argue that taxable nexus can be established if a vendor operates over an online or internet service with [large] physical presence within the state .

These donations can be substantial .
these donations can be [large] .

She told Salon that though she did n't have an accurate fix on the amount paid , it was substantial .
she told salon that though she did n't have an accurate fix on the amount paid , it was [large] .

Only New York and Chicago have substantial Mafia organizations .
only new york and chicago have [large] mafia organizations .

Seven broadcast networks and 44 cable networks pay substantial annual fees to the A.C. Nielsen company to have these numbers tracked .
seven broadcast networks and 44 cable networks pay [large] annual fees to the a.c. nielsen company to have these numbers tracked .

If only one partner in a same-sex marriage had substantial earnings , the couple would realize a much higher rate of return on that partner 's Social Security taxes than they would have if unwed or earning comparable incomes .
if only one partner in a same-sex marriage had [large] earnings , the couple would realize a much higher rate of return on that partner 's social security taxes than they would have if unwed or earning comparable incomes .

Immigration has not had a big effect on the AFDC caseloads of most communities , although it has a substantial impact in places like California , where non-citizens account for about 15 percent of all persons on the program .
immigration has not had a big effect on the afdc caseloads of most communities , although it has a [large] impact in places like california , where non-citizens account for about 15 percent of all persons on the program .

Nevertheless , the incentives to sell at the market price are substantial , and if the threats create new scarcities , higher prices will probably encourage sellers to unload their land .
nevertheless , the incentives to sell at the market price are [large] , and if the threats create new scarcities , higher prices will probably encourage sellers to unload their land .

The code forbids lawyers from making any statement , true or false , outside the courtroom that has a `` substantial likelihood '' of `` materially prejudicing '' a trial .
the code forbids lawyers from making any statement , true or false , outside the courtroom that has a `` [large] likelihood '' of `` materially prejudicing '' a trial .

The rule requires a `` substantial '' chance of `` material '' impact on the case , both of which are nearly impossible to prove .
the rule requires a `` [large] '' chance of `` material '' impact on the case , both of which are nearly impossible to prove .

Many were substantial and costly efforts in the areas of education and health-care reform .
many were [large] and costly efforts in the areas of education and health-care reform .

Journalists , having planned substantial coverage of the 25-year-old Roe case , canceled that date in order to pursue 24-year-old Monica Lewinsky .
journalists , having planned [large] coverage of the 25-year-old roe case , canceled that date in order to pursue 24-year-old monica lewinsky .

A more substantial issue raised by the advent of cloning ( itself from the Greek klon , meaning `` twig '' or `` branch '' ) is , of course , the possibility that commerce in the very stuff of which we 're made will ultimately turn humanity into merchandise , our genesis controlled by some mutant form of agribusiness .
a more [large] issue raised by the advent of cloning ( itself from the greek klon , meaning `` twig '' or `` branch '' ) is , of course , the possibility that commerce in the very stuff of which we 're made will ultimately turn humanity into merchandise , our genesis controlled by some mutant form of agribusiness .

Even though a spokesman traveling with President Clinton in California does tell the NYT that there are still `` significant issues '' to be resolved , and the Wall Street Journal cautions that `` Those involved in the talks.describe the emerging deal as fragile and caution it could easily collapse , '' the general view in the papers is that substantial progress has been made and that an actual deal could be struck between the President , the House and the Senate as early as today , with final passage coming by Friday .
even though a spokesman traveling with president clinton in california does tell the nyt that there are still `` significant issues '' to be resolved , and the wall street journal cautions that `` those involved in the talks.describe the emerging deal as fragile and caution it could easily collapse , '' the general view in the papers is that [large] progress has been made and that an actual deal could be struck between the president , the house and the senate as early as today , with final passage coming by friday .

Though , Feldstein is reported to be among a group of well-known economists urging Dole to adopt a so-called `` pro-growth '' tax strategy , meaning substantial tax cuts .
though , feldstein is reported to be among a group of well-known economists urging dole to adopt a so-called `` pro-growth '' tax strategy , meaning [large] tax cuts .

With the formula programmed into only their calculators , they could have ruled the emerging Chicago Board of Options Exchange , taking the money of the hapless traders who were still pricing based on history , rules of thumb , or their guts ( a potentially substantial source of wisdom here in Chicago ) .
with the formula programmed into only their calculators , they could have ruled the emerging chicago board of options exchange , taking the money of the hapless traders who were still pricing based on history , rules of thumb , or their guts ( a potentially [large] source of wisdom here in chicago ) .

He conceded that the number of entries plagiarized had been `` substantial . ''
he conceded that the number of entries plagiarized had been `` [large] . ''

Even in the sharper House debate , there was no substantial dispute that overpopulation strains natural resources , contributing to environmental degradation , unemployment , and hunger .
even in the sharper house debate , there was no [large] dispute that overpopulation strains natural resources , contributing to environmental degradation , unemployment , and hunger .

That would not be a permissible defense in federal court , but federal prosecutors do n't pursue traffickers unless they are handling substantial quantities .
that would not be a permissible defense in federal court , but federal prosecutors do n't pursue traffickers unless they are handling [large] quantities .

Over the past two years or so , Chinese interests have been buying into these companies , usually at a substantial discount to the market .
over the past two years or so , chinese interests have been buying into these companies , usually at a [large] discount to the market .

Long as China continues to develop , Hong Kong will get a substantial chunk of that growth .
long as china continues to develop , hong kong will get a [large] chunk of that growth .

The BBC 's refusal to air British filmmaker 's Nick Broomfield 's documentary about Courtney Love and Kurt Cobain , at least not without substantial changes , for fear of being sued by Love , is taken by Culturebox as evidence that on occasion , sir , the law is not an ass .
the bbc 's refusal to air british filmmaker 's nick broomfield 's documentary about courtney love and kurt cobain , at least not without [large] changes , for fear of being sued by love , is taken by culturebox as evidence that on occasion , sir , the law is not an ass .

Culturebox 's friends at Lingua Franca , the magazine for academic insiders , have a hot scoop : They 've learned that James Mackay , the author of an acclaimed new biography , Alexander Graham Bell : A Life ( John Wiley & Sons ) , has been accused of plagiarizing substantial portions of his book from a 1973 biography of Bell by Pulitzer Prize-winning historian Robert V. Bruce .
culturebox 's friends at lingua franca , the magazine for academic insiders , have a hot scoop : they 've learned that james mackay , the author of an acclaimed new biography , alexander graham bell : a life ( john wiley & sons ) , has been accused of plagiarizing [large] portions of his book from a 1973 biography of bell by pulitzer prize-winning historian robert v. bruce .

The WSJ observes that three of the four House prosecutors who spoke yesterday have substantial courtroom experience with the Justice Dept or as local prosecutors , and that they emphasized the more difficult to prove of the two impeachment articles , obstruction of justice .
the wsj observes that three of the four house prosecutors who spoke yesterday have [large] courtroom experience with the justice dept or as local prosecutors , and that they emphasized the more difficult to prove of the two impeachment articles , obstruction of justice .

The WP does go on at some length though to say that based on Lewinsky 's prior grand jury testimony , she could in fact represent a substantial threat to Vernon Jordan , who has never before been asked about her testimony , but presumably will be when he 's deposed later in the week .
the wp does go on at some length though to say that based on lewinsky 's prior grand jury testimony , she could in fact represent a [large] threat to vernon jordan , who has never before been asked about her testimony , but presumably will be when he 's deposed later in the week .

The response to this obvious : if those concerns are substantial , they will hold up just fine in the congressional debate the Constitution and the War Powers Act requires .
the response to this obvious : if those concerns are [large] , they will hold up just fine in the congressional debate the constitution and the war powers act requires .

Would it be too much to ask that their ideas be more substantial than their job titles ?
would it be too much to ask that their ideas be more [large] than their job titles ?

He will , said an aide , submit a report only if he determines there is substantial information that crimes have been committed .
he will , said an aide , submit a report only if he determines there is [large] information that crimes have been committed .

Everybody leads with Kenneth Starr 's sudden delivery to Congress yesterday afternoon of his report claiming there is substantial evidence that President Clinton , in his behavior relating to his relationship with Monica Lewinsky , committed crimes that may be impeachable offenses .
everybody leads with kenneth starr 's sudden delivery to congress yesterday afternoon of his report claiming there is [large] evidence that president clinton , in his behavior relating to his relationship with monica lewinsky , committed crimes that may be impeachable offenses .

The papers note that an agreement reached Friday to shift substantial power away from the presidency and over to the parliament ( the State Duma ) constitutes a likely setback for reform .
the papers note that an agreement reached friday to shift [large] power away from the presidency and over to the parliament ( the state duma ) constitutes a likely setback for reform .

The front matter of both of these dictionaries from Russia includes substantial theoretical essays on the theory of synonymy and on the lexicographic practicalities of arraying and presenting synonyms in dictionary format .
the front matter of both of these dictionaries from russia includes [large] theoretical essays on the theory of synonymy and on the lexicographic practicalities of arraying and presenting synonyms in dictionary format .

Other books , which I still believe to be good ( Word for Word , by Edward C. Pinkerton ) , amusing ( Wordsmanship , by Claurène duGran , a thinly disguised anagram of Laurence Urdang ) , and useful ( Verbatim Volumes I-VI and the Index thereto , altogether four books ) , have not fared so well : indeed , a substantial portion of the stock at our warehouse in Pennsylvania consists of Word for Word and the Verbatim volumes .
other books , which i still believe to be good ( word for word , by edward c. pinkerton ) , amusing ( wordsmanship , by claurène dugran , a thinly disguised anagram of laurence urdang ) , and useful ( verbatim volumes i-vi and the index thereto , altogether four books ) , have not fared so well : indeed , a [large] portion of the stock at our warehouse in pennsylvania consists of word for word and the verbatim volumes .

There are substantial lists of the names of trees— jarrah , karri , mallett , marri , tuart , and wandoo —and of animals— chuditch , dalgite , dunnart , kumarl , nool-benger , and numbat —that are familiar at least in the west .
there are [large] lists of the names of trees— jarrah , karri , mallett , marri , tuart , and wandoo —and of animals— chuditch , dalgite , dunnart , kumarl , nool-benger , and numbat —that are familiar at least in the west .

This is a substantial , useful , interesting work , but if the reader/user is seeking an authoritative , documented archive of nautical expressions , he may be disappointed .
this is a [large] , useful , interesting work , but if the reader/user is seeking an authoritative , documented archive of nautical expressions , he may be disappointed .

How interesting and useful it would be to see a substantial segment of “ ordinary ” English subjected to such treatment -- and it is not difficult to imagine still more categories into which words could be divided .
how interesting and useful it would be to see a [large] segment of “ ordinary ” english subjected to such treatment -- and it is not difficult to imagine still more categories into which words could be divided .

Still , substantial contributors to N. & Q .
still , [large] contributors to n. & q .

In targeting esoteric words used by lawyers in place of ordinary ones under the pretense of precision , it seems to me that the author is wasting ammunition on words like reasonable , substantial , and satisfactory .
in targeting esoteric words used by lawyers in place of ordinary ones under the pretense of precision , it seems to me that the author is wasting ammunition on words like reasonable , [large] , and satisfactory .

Substantial performance is something a great deal more than driving the first nail and a little less than driving the last one , and it survives as a useful tool to prevent injustice by technicality .
[large] performance is something a great deal more than driving the first nail and a little less than driving the last one , and it survives as a useful tool to prevent injustice by technicality .

In his substantial Introduction , Lighter treats several aspects of his subject , from What Is Slang ?
in his [large] introduction , lighter treats several aspects of his subject , from what is slang ?

In 1980 The Canadian Journal of Linguistics celebrated its silver anniversary with a substantial issue consisting of the whole of Wilson 's original edition of The Birth of Language , with a valuable introduction by Professor J.K .
in 1980 the canadian journal of linguistics celebrated its silver anniversary with a [large] issue consisting of the whole of wilson 's original edition of the birth of language , with a valuable introduction by professor j.k .

The first , “ belonging or relating to Macedonia , ” has “ usu cap ” as does the third , “ a follower of the bishop Macedonius ... , ” ; but is there substantial enough evidence for these forms being spelled with a lower-case m to warrant such treatment ?
the first , “ belonging or relating to macedonia , ” has “ usu cap ” as does the third , “ a follower of the bishop macedonius ... , ” ; but is there [large] enough evidence for these forms being spelled with a lower-case m to warrant such treatment ?

In most cases , it would be difficult , without substantial knowledge , to confute some of the information presented .
in most cases , it would be difficult , without [large] knowledge , to confute some of the information presented .

As in most such cases , the question is easily answered by looking up the definitions of the words in a dictionary substantial enough to offer example contexts .
as in most such cases , the question is easily answered by looking up the definitions of the words in a dictionary [large] enough to offer example contexts .

Examples of this type of linguistic osmosis as GI , poop , honcho , gook , and gung-ho , all of which are now understood by a substantial number of Americans who have never been in the military service .
examples of this type of linguistic osmosis as gi , poop , honcho , gook , and gung-ho , all of which are now understood by a [large] number of americans who have never been in the military service .

We decided that this time we did not want anything sweet , but rather something a little more substantial .
we decided that this time we did not want anything sweet , but rather something a little more [large] .

The 1963 and 1980 books are both fine dictionaries , and a book that combines the best of those , carefully re-edited , with some solid , new lexicography based on the BDC , the World Book Dictionary , and the substantial Barnhart files , must be a high-quality dictionary .
the 1963 and 1980 books are both fine dictionaries , and a book that combines the best of those , carefully re-edited , with some solid , new lexicography based on the bdc , the world book dictionary , and the [large] barnhart files , must be a high-quality dictionary .

