Subsequent assemblies will be held at Stranahan High School Tuesday , at Pompano Beach High Wednesday , and at Fort Lauderdale high Thursday .
[later] assemblies will be held at stranahan high school tuesday , at pompano beach high wednesday , and at fort lauderdale high thursday .

His bogey 4 on this hole and subsequent bogeys at 5 and 7 along with a birdie at 8 brought him back to even par .
his bogey 4 on this hole and [later] bogeys at 5 and 7 along with a birdie at 8 brought him back to even par .

All this emphasis on Centrality and on the number 5 as a symbolic expression of the Center , which seems to have begun as far back as 400 B.C. , also may conceivably have led to the development of the Five-Elements School and the subsequent efforts to fit everything into numerical categories of five .
all this emphasis on centrality and on the number 5 as a symbolic expression of the center , which seems to have begun as far back as 400 b.c. , also may conceivably have led to the development of the five-elements school and the [later] efforts to fit everything into numerical categories of five .

This covered , wooden bridge is so closely identified with the first action in the early morning of June 3 , 1861 , and with subsequent troop movements of both armies in the Philippi area that it has become a part and parcel of the war story .
this covered , wooden bridge is so closely identified with the first action in the early morning of june 3 , 1861 , and with [later] troop movements of both armies in the philippi area that it has become a part and parcel of the war story .

Where the microscope under visible light may show only vague shadows or nothing at all , ultraviolet illumination and subsequent translation into a color TV picture reveal a wealth of detail .
where the microscope under visible light may show only vague shadows or nothing at all , ultraviolet illumination and [later] translation into a color tv picture reveal a wealth of detail .

Many companies have systems , particularly in R & D , which work more or less well , depending upon size and actual belief in the policy on the part of administration , as will be abundantly apparent in subsequent quotations .
many companies have systems , particularly in r & d , which work more or less well , depending upon size and actual belief in the policy on the part of administration , as will be abundantly apparent in [later] quotations .

Conclusions : The people involved ( and subsequent facts bear me out here ) knew clearly the relative values of peanuts and emeralds , both monetary and sentimental .
conclusions : the people involved ( and [later] facts bear me out here ) knew clearly the relative values of peanuts and emeralds , both monetary and sentimental .

The subsequent two-weeks wait made the crew quarrelsome .
the [later] two-weeks wait made the crew quarrelsome .

The exuberance on this occasion set a standard for subsequent Dartmouth gatherings .
the exuberance on this occasion set a standard for [later] dartmouth gatherings .

The absence , during her childhood and early adolescence , of experiences in developing the self-discipline to complete tasks within her ability -- experiences that would have been subsequent sources of anticipation of achievement -- and her lack of childhood opportunities to practice autonomy and initiative in play and expression , both tend in her adolescence to deprive her of the freedoms to role-experiment and to fail occasionally in experimenting .
the absence , during her childhood and early adolescence , of experiences in developing the self-discipline to complete tasks within her ability -- experiences that would have been [later] sources of anticipation of achievement -- and her lack of childhood opportunities to practice autonomy and initiative in play and expression , both tend in her adolescence to deprive her of the freedoms to role-experiment and to fail occasionally in experimenting .

The case histories provide some interesting illustrations of ideological diffusion , embodied in the unwed mother's inability to identify independently a given value system or behavior pattern , , and her subsequent disinclination to assume any individual responsibility for her sexual behavior .
the case histories provide some interesting illustrations of ideological diffusion , embodied in the unwed mother's inability to identify independently a given value system or behavior pattern , , and her [later] disinclination to assume any individual responsibility for her sexual behavior .

It was Plummer , in fact , who coined the much quoted remark : `` Mr. Green indeed writes as if he had been present at the landing of the Saxons and had watched every step of their subsequent progress '' .
it was plummer , in fact , who coined the much quoted remark : `` mr. green indeed writes as if he had been present at the landing of the saxons and had watched every step of their [later] progress '' .

While the origin of state-owned automobiles may be obscured , subsequent developments concerning the assignment , use , and management of state automobiles can be related more clearly .
while the origin of state-owned automobiles may be obscured , [later] developments concerning the assignment , use , and management of state automobiles can be related more clearly .

Since the validity of all subsequent planning depends on the accuracy of the basic inventory information , great care is being taken that the inventory is as complete as possible .
since the validity of all [later] planning depends on the accuracy of the basic inventory information , great care is being taken that the inventory is as complete as possible .

Subsequent sections on grants describe the other categories of the grant structure .
[later] sections on grants describe the other categories of the grant structure .

The first pretrial conference -- held to appoint amici curiae to represent the interest of the stockholders of Du Pont and General Motors and to consider the procedure to be followed in the subsequent hearings -- took place on September 25 , 1957 .
the first pretrial conference -- held to appoint amici curiae to represent the interest of the stockholders of du pont and general motors and to consider the procedure to be followed in the [later] hearings -- took place on september 25 , 1957 .

For the making of selections on the basis of excellence requires that any foundation making the selections shall have available the judgments of a corps of advisors whose judgments are known to be good : such judgments can be known to be good only by the records of those selected , by records made subsequent to their selection over considerable periods of time .
for the making of selections on the basis of excellence requires that any foundation making the selections shall have available the judgments of a corps of advisors whose judgments are known to be good : such judgments can be known to be good only by the records of those selected , by records made [later] to their selection over considerable periods of time .

All subsequent measurements were made on material which had been heated to 375-degrees-C for one hour .
all [later] measurements were made on material which had been heated to 375-degrees-c for one hour .

Mrs. B. compared her feelings of weakness to her feelings of weakness and helplessness at the time of her mother's death when she was eight , as well as her subsequent anger at her father for remarrying .
mrs. b. compared her feelings of weakness to her feelings of weakness and helplessness at the time of her mother's death when she was eight , as well as her [later] anger at her father for remarrying .

There is an oral tradition among the members of the population in regard to the origin and subsequent separate status of the group in the larger society .
there is an oral tradition among the members of the population in regard to the origin and [later] separate status of the group in the larger society .

but the subsequent analysis of characteristics is reported only for the de jure population ( or , in some districts , only the de facto population ) .
but the [later] analysis of characteristics is reported only for the de jure population ( or , in some districts , only the de facto population ) .

Moreover , when the experimenter did inform those subjects that there were some normal people who did not have their arm rise once they relaxed , the Kohnstamm-positive subjects were uninfluenced in their subsequent reactions to the Kohnstamm situation .
moreover , when the experimenter did inform those subjects that there were some normal people who did not have their arm rise once they relaxed , the kohnstamm-positive subjects were uninfluenced in their [later] reactions to the kohnstamm situation .

To the extent that the jurisdictional principle of 1875 stands unmodified by subsequent legislation , federal equitable relief against state action must be available -- or so it seems to Mr. Justice Frankfurter .
to the extent that the jurisdictional principle of 1875 stands unmodified by [later] legislation , federal equitable relief against state action must be available -- or so it seems to mr. justice frankfurter .

It was also hoped that responses to a mail questionnaire would suggest fruitful inquiries that might be made in subsequent studies of a more detailed nature .
it was also hoped that responses to a mail questionnaire would suggest fruitful inquiries that might be made in [later] studies of a more detailed nature .

The broad conclusions of that pioneering work remain undisturbed , but subsequent research has expanded and somewhat altered their empirical support , has suggested important revisions in the general analytic frame of reference , and has sharpened the meaning of particular analytic concepts in this area .
the broad conclusions of that pioneering work remain undisturbed , but [later] research has expanded and somewhat altered their empirical support , has suggested important revisions in the general analytic frame of reference , and has sharpened the meaning of particular analytic concepts in this area .

This is the feed state of the subsequent Af stages which , according to the principle of optimality , must use an optimal Af-stage policy with respect to this state .
this is the feed state of the [later] af stages which , according to the principle of optimality , must use an optimal af-stage policy with respect to this state .

If we consider a process in which the outcome of one stage is known before passage to the next , then the principle of optimality shows that the policy in subsequent stages should be optimal with respect to the outcome of the first .
if we consider a process in which the outcome of one stage is known before passage to the next , then the principle of optimality shows that the policy in [later] stages should be optimal with respect to the outcome of the first .

She could easily understand why the two men had been startled to find a strange girl in the back seat of their car ( she had figured that out ) , but she couldn't understand their subsequent actions .
she could easily understand why the two men had been startled to find a strange girl in the back seat of their car ( she had figured that out ) , but she couldn't understand their [later] actions .

A disturbing picture of bad blood , to be further heightened with illicit if buccolic colors , for on a subsequent day I saw Handley escorting Anta , Red's wife , up on Dogtown Common .
a disturbing picture of bad blood , to be further heightened with illicit if buccolic colors , for on a [later] day i saw handley escorting anta , red's wife , up on dogtown common .

It was said the publicity surrounding Henry Skelton 's death and Georgia Griffiths subsequent arrest had damaged her health and caused substantial emotional stress to family members .
it was said the publicity surrounding henry skelton 's death and georgia griffiths [later] arrest had damaged her health and caused substantial emotional stress to family members .

any way subsequent to that he gave us one which it was awkward working it out and then he gave us one over the same
any way [later] to that he gave us one which it was awkward working it out and then he gave us one over the same

Under subsequent cross examination from Allan Gore , barrister , for driver Reg McEwan who died in the Newton collision , he conceded that with hindsight the new layout at Newton , designed to allow higher speeds for trains on the Glasgow to London InterCity line , had been achieved ‘ at a price ’ .
under [later] cross examination from allan gore , barrister , for driver reg mcewan who died in the newton collision , he conceded that with hindsight the new layout at newton , designed to allow higher speeds for trains on the glasgow to london intercity line , had been achieved ‘ at a price ’ .

The main stumbling block was a demand by Kuwait to be given freedom to continue building up production to cover a $ 50 billion bill for the Gulf war and subsequent reconstruction costs .
the main stumbling block was a demand by kuwait to be given freedom to continue building up production to cover a $ 50 billion bill for the gulf war and [later] reconstruction costs .

Meanwhile , the Bank of England published a 45-page document outlining its view of the progress made on underlying inflation and where it is heading over the subsequent 24 months .
meanwhile , the bank of england published a 45-page document outlining its view of the progress made on underlying inflation and where it is heading over the [later] 24 months .

There is a fundamental contradiction between the official figures ( which , as Teddy perfectly fairly pointed out , showed that 75 per cent of those who went on Government schemes did secure subsequent employment ) and the common experience that such jobs tended to last only for a few months .
there is a fundamental contradiction between the official figures ( which , as teddy perfectly fairly pointed out , showed that 75 per cent of those who went on government schemes did secure [later] employment ) and the common experience that such jobs tended to last only for a few months .

Many reported the impossibility of securing employment because of lack of experience — with the jobless total so high employers are making a priority of taking on people with experience who do not require subsequent training .
many reported the impossibility of securing employment because of lack of experience — with the jobless total so high employers are making a priority of taking on people with experience who do not require [later] training .

The subsequent recession has reduced the population in work by 1.9 million , of whom 1.5 million were employees and more than 300,000 were self-employed .
the [later] recession has reduced the population in work by 1.9 million , of whom 1.5 million were employees and more than 300,000 were self-employed .

For some antigens , the binding of retrovirus-associated antibody fragments to cell surfaces is followed by membrane fusion between virus and target cell : streptavidin-linked biotinylated monoclonal antibodies have been used to link ecotropic retroviruses to the surface of nonpermissive human cells with subsequent transfer of the viral genome into the target cells 27 .
for some antigens , the binding of retrovirus-associated antibody fragments to cell surfaces is followed by membrane fusion between virus and target cell : streptavidin-linked biotinylated monoclonal antibodies have been used to link ecotropic retroviruses to the surface of nonpermissive human cells with [later] transfer of the viral genome into the target cells 27 .

Since August 1990 three similar schemes have been refused by the council and a subsequent appeal to a public inquiry was also rejected .
since august 1990 three similar schemes have been refused by the council and a [later] appeal to a public inquiry was also rejected .

The present rate is £9.65 for the first child and £7.80 for subsequent children .
the present rate is £9.65 for the first child and £7.80 for [later] children .

She told the judge that she now believed that Mr Ahmed , a Pakistani national , used the passport copy and subsequent marriage certificate to remain in this country .
she told the judge that she now believed that mr ahmed , a pakistani national , used the passport copy and [later] marriage certificate to remain in this country .

It is widely believed that if Labour 's national executive had acted on his report in the mid-1970s about the need to root out Militant Tendency from within the party , then the movement would have been saved all the subsequent turmoil in the 1980s , by which time Militant had gained a grip .
it is widely believed that if labour 's national executive had acted on his report in the mid-1970s about the need to root out militant tendency from within the party , then the movement would have been saved all the [later] turmoil in the 1980s , by which time militant had gained a grip .

Lord James said the funding would grow in subsequent years , and pointed to the constructive support and welcome the policy had received .
lord james said the funding would grow in [later] years , and pointed to the constructive support and welcome the policy had received .

And , as importantly , a conviction does not make any subsequent contract unenforceable .
and , as importantly , a conviction does not make any [later] contract unenforceable .

‘ But for subsequent years , as the economy strengthens , my proposals are designed to build in a wedge of steadily rising revenue .
‘ but for [later] years , as the economy strengthens , my proposals are designed to build in a wedge of steadily rising revenue .

But he believed that the subsequent provisions for bad debts on commercial loans were realistic .
but he believed that the [later] provisions for bad debts on commercial loans were realistic .

It would be no exaggeration to claim that the whole of present-day transplantation surgery is based on his original insight and on his subsequent collaboration with Sir Peter Medawar , which led to the latter 's Nobel Prize .
it would be no exaggeration to claim that the whole of present-day transplantation surgery is based on his original insight and on his [later] collaboration with sir peter medawar , which led to the latter 's nobel prize .

If subsequent visits can capture that atmosphere there will be a few more happy audiences around .
if [later] visits can capture that atmosphere there will be a few more happy audiences around .

Of the subsequent disasters , Ibrox happened on a stairway when supporters leaving the ground tried to re-enter when their team scored a late goal .
of the [later] disasters , ibrox happened on a stairway when supporters leaving the ground tried to re-enter when their team scored a late goal .

Subsequent ribbon development has been so spectacular that they were booming even before the election announcement .
[later] ribbon development has been so spectacular that they were booming even before the election announcement .

Any chipped dogs found straying should be returned to their owners free only twice , Mr McClenaghan suggests , with subsequent escapes incurring fines of up to £40 .
any chipped dogs found straying should be returned to their owners free only twice , mr mcclenaghan suggests , with [later] escapes incurring fines of up to £40 .

Some of your readers may have been confused by a report of our work in Aberdeen University on oilseed rape allergies , and subsequent letters from a farmer and an anti-allergy campaigner .
some of your readers may have been confused by a report of our work in aberdeen university on oilseed rape allergies , and [later] letters from a farmer and an anti-allergy campaigner .

But Cecil 's string was struggling to find its form at the time and Rainbow Lake could manage no better than a modest sixth to subsequent Derby fourth Cairo Prince .
but cecil 's string was struggling to find its form at the time and rainbow lake could manage no better than a modest sixth to [later] derby fourth cairo prince .

Subsequent starting points will be Bangor pier ; Pensychnant , near Conwy ; St Asaph ; Wrexham ; Dolgellau ; and Criccieth .
[later] starting points will be bangor pier ; pensychnant , near conwy ; st asaph ; wrexham ; dolgellau ; and criccieth .

McGilligan 's subsequent achievements in the Ireland jersey have been well chronicled and since then the Dungiven joiner has been very much up with the big boys .
mcgilligan 's [later] achievements in the ireland jersey have been well chronicled and since then the dungiven joiner has been very much up with the big boys .

Hoddle admitted the exclusion of Hughes and the subsequent team re-shuffle was worth a goal start for his team .
hoddle admitted the exclusion of hughes and the [later] team re-shuffle was worth a goal start for his team .

Subsequent stages will cover Consultation ( what makes work effective ) and Implementation ( quality control , validation procedures , national delivery ) .
[later] stages will cover consultation ( what makes work effective ) and implementation ( quality control , validation procedures , national delivery ) .

Most Regions have got all or most of what they requested on their Annual Plans and in subsequent memos .
most regions have got all or most of what they requested on their annual plans and in [later] memos .

When the original holder sells to another it is traded in the secondary market and all subsequent sales will be in the secondary market .
when the original holder sells to another it is traded in the secondary market and all [later] sales will be in the secondary market .

Figure 12.2 shows in chronological order the various recent studies of investor protection carried out and the subsequent system of regulation as embodied in the Financial Services Act , 1986 .
figure 12.2 shows in chronological order the various recent studies of investor protection carried out and the [later] system of regulation as embodied in the financial services act , 1986 .

It is often argued that the costs of regulation are front-end loaded , with the majority of costs being met with the startup of the SROs , subsequent running costs being minimal compared with the turnover of most financial institutions .
it is often argued that the costs of regulation are front-end loaded , with the majority of costs being met with the startup of the sros , [later] running costs being minimal compared with the turnover of most financial institutions .

The continuing conflict between control and autonomy has profound consequences for industrial relations and it will therefore be examined in detail in subsequent chapters .
the continuing conflict between control and autonomy has profound consequences for industrial relations and it will therefore be examined in detail in [later] chapters .

Weaver convincingly explains differences in the use of nationalization as a ‘ policy instrument ’ , and in the subsequent pattern of industrial restructuring , by reference to differences in the political system .
weaver convincingly explains differences in the use of nationalization as a ‘ policy instrument ’ , and in the [later] pattern of industrial restructuring , by reference to differences in the political system .

In particular , the nature of class relationships and the degree of political centralization under feudalism affect the subsequent character of the state under capitalism , particularly forms of representation and the balance of power between state and civil society .
in particular , the nature of class relationships and the degree of political centralization under feudalism affect the [later] character of the state under capitalism , particularly forms of representation and the balance of power between state and civil society .

The successful introduction of these pro-management ‘ second unions ’ was as fundamental to Japan 's subsequent economic success as the phenomenal accumulation rate .
the successful introduction of these pro-management ‘ second unions ’ was as fundamental to japan 's [later] economic success as the phenomenal accumulation rate .

Judging the effect of subsequent plans on the private sector becomes even harder as the number of commissions , and the equations in the planning models , grow .
judging the effect of [later] plans on the private sector becomes even harder as the number of commissions , and the equations in the planning models , grow .

The large increase in the price of oil — an important input into production and the sharpness of the subsequent crash made inevitable an immediate fall in the rate of profit .
the large increase in the price of oil — an important input into production and the sharpness of the [later] crash made inevitable an immediate fall in the rate of profit .

And then seven pounds twenty five for subsequent children .
and then seven pounds twenty five for [later] children .

Someone must have had a word with the band about their playing after the last tour and subsequent departure from east west Records because this show as a 200pc better affair .
someone must have had a word with the band about their playing after the last tour and [later] departure from east west records because this show as a 200pc better affair .

Subsequent groupings provide us with Tree-scapes , more Snowscenes , Lakes and Rivers .
[later] groupings provide us with tree-scapes , more snowscenes , lakes and rivers .

Subsequent loan deals included four games at Sunderland and six at Blackburn before the ill-starred move to Spurs .
[later] loan deals included four games at sunderland and six at blackburn before the ill-starred move to spurs .

In her letter to Lawrence , Mrs Skinner wrote : ‘ Our members felt the scorer 's jubilant behaviour was somewhat excessive to the extent perhaps of being a contributory factor in the subsequent pitch invasion . ’
in her letter to lawrence , mrs skinner wrote : ‘ our members felt the scorer 's jubilant behaviour was somewhat excessive to the extent perhaps of being a contributory factor in the [later] pitch invasion . ’

Zafonic 's awesome 3 length annihilation of subsequent Group One hero Barathea in the 2,000 Guineas at Newmarket stamped him as potentially one of the greatest milers of all-time .
zafonic 's awesome 3 length annihilation of [later] group one hero barathea in the 2,000 guineas at newmarket stamped him as potentially one of the greatest milers of all-time .

Cash Asmussen believes Kingmambo subsequent French 2,000 Guineas winner and one of Francois Boutin 's three Classic winners this season will confirm Maisons Laffitte form .
cash asmussen believes kingmambo [later] french 2,000 guineas winner and one of francois boutin 's three classic winners this season will confirm maisons laffitte form .

The deaths of Becky and Emma , at the age of 17 and the subsequent court case , produced hundreds of letters of sympathy to their parents from across the country .
the deaths of becky and emma , at the age of 17 and the [later] court case , produced hundreds of letters of sympathy to their parents from across the country .

Detectives have spent all day questioning him about Tania Probyn 's disappearance and subsequent death .
detectives have spent all day questioning him about tania probyn 's disappearance and [later] death .

It was on those same rolling fields that the young Cooney first learned the basic skills of hurling , skills that he has nurtured and polished in the subsequent seasons .
it was on those same rolling fields that the young cooney first learned the basic skills of hurling , skills that he has nurtured and polished in the [later] seasons .

This is the second programme in a short series in which we 're taking a look at trends in science and engineering , particularly in the way that subjects are taught and opportunities for subsequent employment .
this is the second programme in a short series in which we 're taking a look at trends in science and engineering , particularly in the way that subjects are taught and opportunities for [later] employment .

If , in rising progressively higher , the pitch reaches the highest part of the speaker 's normal pitch range , subsequent syllables will continue at that level .
if , in rising progressively higher , the pitch reaches the highest part of the speaker 's normal pitch range , [later] syllables will continue at that level .

Although this was brought about by the Gulf War and the subsequent world recession , it is certainly now exacerbated by an unrestrained and reckless war of attrition in which dollars are hauled over the top of the grain of a few inches of market share .
although this was brought about by the gulf war and the [later] world recession , it is certainly now exacerbated by an unrestrained and reckless war of attrition in which dollars are hauled over the top of the grain of a few inches of market share .

The Progressive Democrats are today expected to rule out Mr O'Malley and fellow minister Bobby Molloy at a subsequent cabinet session .
the progressive democrats are today expected to rule out mr o'malley and fellow minister bobby molloy at a [later] cabinet session .

Tug of Gold has also returned in great heart , only put up two pounds for a 10length romp from subsequent scorer Rio Haina at Uttoxeter last month , and must rate a big danger .
tug of gold has also returned in great heart , only put up two pounds for a 10length romp from [later] scorer rio haina at uttoxeter last month , and must rate a big danger .

Cash boost : Wirral council staff who retire are to receive £90 for the first 25 years of service and £3.60 for each subsequent year following an increase in long service awards .
cash boost : wirral council staff who retire are to receive £90 for the first 25 years of service and £3.60 for each [later] year following an increase in long service awards .

De Castelnau 's snap decision was one that in its fateful implications would affect not merely the course of the Battle of Verdun , or even of the war itself , but also the whole stream of subsequent French history .
de castelnau 's snap decision was one that in its fateful implications would affect not merely the course of the battle of verdun , or even of the war itself , but also the whole stream of [later] french history .

To develop conceptual understanding , important to all subsequent studying of History .
to develop conceptual understanding , important to all [later] studying of history .

This is generally observed at the first meeting and to a somewhat lesser extent at subsequent meetings .
this is generally observed at the first meeting and to a somewhat lesser extent at [later] meetings .

For this reason , acoustic tops and backs are undercoated before production , to prevent denting or marking of the wood during subsequent processes .
for this reason , acoustic tops and backs are undercoated before production , to prevent denting or marking of the wood during [later] processes .

My subsequent business activities were to involve my old colleague Barry Kirby in , commencing January 1981 and ending in the mid-eighties when the premises came in for redevelopment .
my [later] business activities were to involve my old colleague barry kirby in , commencing january 1981 and ending in the mid-eighties when the premises came in for redevelopment .

McQueen is happiest in the action sequences such as the exciting ‘ Great Escape ’ from the prison during a concert of French ballet music , and his subsequent flight through the jungle , surviving snakes , crocodiles , Indian blowpipes , and a leper colony until he gets himself to a nunnery and is betrayed by the Mother Superior .
mcqueen is happiest in the action sequences such as the exciting ‘ great escape ’ from the prison during a concert of french ballet music , and his [later] flight through the jungle , surviving snakes , crocodiles , indian blowpipes , and a leper colony until he gets himself to a nunnery and is betrayed by the mother superior .

The importance attached to maintaining the ‘ prestige ’ of the emirs soon translated in practice into the importance of maintaining the autonomy of the Residents , and subsequent governors of Nigeria found almost without exception that Lugard had created an administrative monster which it was beyond their power to control .
the importance attached to maintaining the ‘ prestige ’ of the emirs soon translated in practice into the importance of maintaining the autonomy of the residents , and [later] governors of nigeria found almost without exception that lugard had created an administrative monster which it was beyond their power to control .

bases on which he arrives at a decision that he may sometimes find considerable difficulty in making a good case on paper for some action he may have taken , even though he feels , and subsequent events may prove , that action to have been perfectly correct .
bases on which he arrives at a decision that he may sometimes find considerable difficulty in making a good case on paper for some action he may have taken , even though he feels , and [later] events may prove , that action to have been perfectly correct .

The result was the Colonial Development and Welfare Act of 1940 and the subsequent erosion of the once sacrosanct idea that the colonies must be , if nothing else , self-supporting .
the result was the colonial development and welfare act of 1940 and the [later] erosion of the once sacrosanct idea that the colonies must be , if nothing else , self-supporting .

Then , sadly , subsequent drummer Eric Carr succumbed to cancer last year .
then , sadly , [later] drummer eric carr succumbed to cancer last year .

When a project researching into the cause of this disease carefully examined a group of men in London , recording their way of life and following their subsequent history for twenty years or until they died , the strongest risk factor for coronary heart disease was found to be smoking and the strongest protective factor the intake of cereal fibre .
when a project researching into the cause of this disease carefully examined a group of men in london , recording their way of life and following their [later] history for twenty years or until they died , the strongest risk factor for coronary heart disease was found to be smoking and the strongest protective factor the intake of cereal fibre .

This addition to the maps made them more useful , especially for agricultural purposes , but it entailed resurveying ground already covered and slowed the progress of subsequent work .
this addition to the maps made them more useful , especially for agricultural purposes , but it entailed resurveying ground already covered and slowed the progress of [later] work .

Subsequent to the first survey , which had been done very rapidly , Lapworth had established that graptolites held the key to deciphering the succession of the folded and faulted Lower Palaeozoic rocks in the region .
[later] to the first survey , which had been done very rapidly , lapworth had established that graptolites held the key to deciphering the succession of the folded and faulted lower palaeozoic rocks in the region .

He accordingly devoted his subsequent research efforts to discovering these plant remedies , which were to be related particularly to temperament , mood and states of mind .
he accordingly devoted his [later] research efforts to discovering these plant remedies , which were to be related particularly to temperament , mood and states of mind .

The only rider to this is the prolonged use of steroids and drugs which have an effect on the body 's immune system as these damp down the body 's ability to react and often render subsequent homoeopathic treatment difficult .
the only rider to this is the prolonged use of steroids and drugs which have an effect on the body 's immune system as these damp down the body 's ability to react and often render [later] homoeopathic treatment difficult .

They will probably err on the side of caution whenever attempting to unravel the cause of death because recording it as occupationally induced requires the subsequent payment of industrial death benefits .
they will probably err on the side of caution whenever attempting to unravel the cause of death because recording it as occupationally induced requires the [later] payment of industrial death benefits .

Stotland and associates analysed the effects of subsequent increases in prosecution and enforcement and concluded that ‘ a tendency toward an upward rise of home repair fraud was reduced by convictions … however , the increased sanctions did not appear to have completely reversed the upward movement of home repair fraud ’ ( 1980 : 262 ) .
stotland and associates analysed the effects of [later] increases in prosecution and enforcement and concluded that ‘ a tendency toward an upward rise of home repair fraud was reduced by convictions … however , the increased sanctions did not appear to have completely reversed the upward movement of home repair fraud ’ ( 1980 : 262 ) .

My subsequent review was severely edited by the then Live Ed Helen Mead .
my [later] review was severely edited by the then live ed helen mead .

Moran 's opera concentrates on the Family 's life together at the remote Spahn Ranch , the Tate murders and Manson 's subsequent trial , all of which is delivered in an impressionistic style with no real narrative structure to hold the separate elements of the tale together .
moran 's opera concentrates on the family 's life together at the remote spahn ranch , the tate murders and manson 's [later] trial , all of which is delivered in an impressionistic style with no real narrative structure to hold the separate elements of the tale together .

Neither are subsequent hearings of this album likely to cause the listener to shout ‘ Christ almighty !
neither are [later] hearings of this album likely to cause the listener to shout ‘ christ almighty !

If you are put in the position of having to commit yourself to one employer , establish well in advance of accepting a job or secondment offer exactly what will be required of you in terms of subsequent employment .
if you are put in the position of having to commit yourself to one employer , establish well in advance of accepting a job or secondment offer exactly what will be required of you in terms of [later] employment .

The actual payment at time of writing is between £1.50 and £1.70 per hour per child , but with a possible reduction for any second and subsequent child .
the actual payment at time of writing is between £1.50 and £1.70 per hour per child , but with a possible reduction for any second and [later] child .

Therefore some form of subsequent processing ( often called post-processing ) is necessary to improve recognition rates .
therefore some form of [later] processing ( often called post-processing ) is necessary to improve recognition rates .

Despite his subsequent apology , the International Amateur Boxing Association have now banned Griffin .
despite his [later] apology , the international amateur boxing association have now banned griffin .

Despite his subsequent recovery to something like his old form , Fox has n't quite been able to stop the shrinking process .
despite his [later] recovery to something like his old form , fox has n't quite been able to stop the shrinking process .

After her retirement and subsequent comeback at 30 , a ripe old age for her sport , it was remarkable that Sharron qualified .
after her retirement and [later] comeback at 30 , a ripe old age for her sport , it was remarkable that sharron qualified .

The allowance is paid in full for three years and is then reduced progressively by 12½ per cent per annum of the original difference over the subsequent seven years .
the allowance is paid in full for three years and is then reduced progressively by 12½ per cent per annum of the original difference over the [later] seven years .

It will be paid in full for a period of three years and will then be reduced by one-third each year over the subsequent three years .
it will be paid in full for a period of three years and will then be reduced by one-third each year over the [later] three years .

In any event the latter , being subsequent , would impliedly repeal , and so prevail over , any provisions in the earlier Act with which it was not consistent .
in any event the latter , being [later] , would impliedly repeal , and so prevail over , any provisions in the earlier act with which it was not consistent .

Without this first step there is no beginning , and every subsequent step in the search takes one further but always in the same direction .
without this first step there is no beginning , and every [later] step in the search takes one further but always in the same direction .

Had it been allowed to thrive , the whole sad subsequent history of Ireland might well have been different but , alas , it was not .
had it been allowed to thrive , the whole sad [later] history of ireland might well have been different but , alas , it was not .

Since then , the House of Commons has considered the matter on two subsequent occasions , on the latter resolving to leave things alone .
since then , the house of commons has considered the matter on two [later] occasions , on the latter resolving to leave things alone .

This means fixing dates for a first reading and all the subsequent stages in the House .
this means fixing dates for a first reading and all the [later] stages in the house .

Since it is now public , members of the public and Members of Parliament can form their own views and prepare to assault the Bill in its undesirable aspects during subsequent stages .
since it is now public , members of the public and members of parliament can form their own views and prepare to assault the bill in its undesirable aspects during [later] stages .

Subsequent writers , however , have copied Patrick Forbes 's work without checking for themselves , and the misleading myth has evolved in which the first thousand litres of the cuvée is believed to be officially designated the premiere cuvée .
[later] writers , however , have copied patrick forbes 's work without checking for themselves , and the misleading myth has evolved in which the first thousand litres of the cuvée is believed to be officially designated the premiere cuvée .

‘ Did he say anything about it on a subsequent occasion ? ,
‘ did he say anything about it on a [later] occasion ? ,

Perhaps because all the subsequent police sentences began with ‘ why ' ’ .
perhaps because all the [later] police sentences began with ‘ why ' ’ .

As a consequence there is no practical experience and no feedback to modify the approach in the design of subsequent estates .
as a consequence there is no practical experience and no feedback to modify the approach in the design of [later] estates .

By late 1955 , the tall black glass tower Lassalle designed was completed ; it was the first building of its kind in Paris , the subject of much controversy and subsequent imitation , to become a landmark in the commercial sector .
by late 1955 , the tall black glass tower lassalle designed was completed ; it was the first building of its kind in paris , the subject of much controversy and [later] imitation , to become a landmark in the commercial sector .

That was reinforced in a subsequent circular to LEAs later in 1981 and two years later Circular 8/83 sought a progress report from LEAs on the formation of a curriculum policy for pupils of all abilities and aptitudes .
that was reinforced in a [later] circular to leas later in 1981 and two years later circular 8/83 sought a progress report from leas on the formation of a curriculum policy for pupils of all abilities and aptitudes .

As a ‘ failure ’ he/she may then become less capable of succeeding in subsequent tasks .
as a ‘ failure ’ he/she may then become less capable of succeeding in [later] tasks .

However , we can not be certain whether the subsequent rise in recorded incidents stems from the way the public refers domestic violence to the police or from a real increase in domestic strife .
however , we can not be certain whether the [later] rise in recorded incidents stems from the way the public refers domestic violence to the police or from a real increase in domestic strife .

As a consequence , ‘ Scientific research is not a neutral activity : child abuse was launched as a public issue out of a variety of private interests and its subsequent development has continued to reflect those and other interests ’ ( Dingwall , 1989 ) .
as a consequence , ‘ scientific research is not a neutral activity : child abuse was launched as a public issue out of a variety of private interests and its [later] development has continued to reflect those and other interests ’ ( dingwall , 1989 ) .

Politicians and officials alike were haunted by the record of the First World War in which inflationary excess was seen to have brought its nemesis in subsequent deflation and massive unemployment .
politicians and officials alike were haunted by the record of the first world war in which inflationary excess was seen to have brought its nemesis in [later] deflation and massive unemployment .

If the war was not the cause of that subsequent economic growth — either wholly or in part — then clearly it did not seriously inhibit it .
if the war was not the cause of that [later] economic growth — either wholly or in part — then clearly it did not seriously inhibit it .

However , subsequent political changes , combined with the now central importance of international financial negotiations through the Organisation for European Economic Cooperation ( the agency for Marshall Aid ) , enormously advanced the cause of the Treasury .
however , [later] political changes , combined with the now central importance of international financial negotiations through the organisation for european economic cooperation ( the agency for marshall aid ) , enormously advanced the cause of the treasury .

To the charge that the enormous number of local agreements can be cited as evidence of national agreements acting as little more than guidelines , the answer is given that local agreements acted as a form of pace-setting for subsequent national agreements , and that this transfer mechanism can be incorporated into wage-determination models [ Prest and Coppock , 1978 ] .
to the charge that the enormous number of local agreements can be cited as evidence of national agreements acting as little more than guidelines , the answer is given that local agreements acted as a form of pace-setting for [later] national agreements , and that this transfer mechanism can be incorporated into wage-determination models [ prest and coppock , 1978 ] .

Understandably , in the light of its heroic effort in 1940 and its enormous contribution to the subsequent defeat of the fascist enemy , Britain mistook being on the winning side for having won the war .
understandably , in the light of its heroic effort in 1940 and its enormous contribution to the [later] defeat of the fascist enemy , britain mistook being on the winning side for having won the war .

Why this 1 % of 17 year olds still had a non-retractile foreskin was not stated , but data from a subsequent study suggest that they were probably suffering from balanitis xerotica obliterans .
why this 1 % of 17 year olds still had a non-retractile foreskin was not stated , but data from a [later] study suggest that they were probably suffering from balanitis xerotica obliterans .

Much more to the point , lawyers are always aware that a big aircraft accident inquiry is the preliminary to much subsequent civil litigation , and that if they can persuade the court to a point of view favourable to their client they can be paving the way to considerable financial benefit at a later stage .
much more to the point , lawyers are always aware that a big aircraft accident inquiry is the preliminary to much [later] civil litigation , and that if they can persuade the court to a point of view favourable to their client they can be paving the way to considerable financial benefit at a later stage .

This is presumably because of the prospect of subsequent litigation .
this is presumably because of the prospect of [later] litigation .

If we had no rights of participation in the subsequent investigation , we would have no reliable means of obtaining the information .
if we had no rights of participation in the [later] investigation , we would have no reliable means of obtaining the information .

He must not be drawn into the sphere of those responsible for preventing accidents , for this would prejudice his independence and impartiality in the investigation of any subsequent accident .
he must not be drawn into the sphere of those responsible for preventing accidents , for this would prejudice his independence and impartiality in the investigation of any [later] accident .

Saying that a study by the Gediman Research Group suggests that small- and medium-sized independent software vendors consider the costs of converting their software for a new architecture , and the subsequent marketing and sales expenses as potentially prohibitive to success , and Hewlett-Packard Co company has launched a new programme to ease the transition to its Precision Architecture RISC-based Unix machines .
saying that a study by the gediman research group suggests that small- and medium-sized independent software vendors consider the costs of converting their software for a new architecture , and the [later] marketing and sales expenses as potentially prohibitive to success , and hewlett-packard co company has launched a new programme to ease the transition to its precision architecture risc-based unix machines .

The problems leading to flat roof failure are well-known — blistering , wrinkling , cracking , splitting etc. too often lead to accelerated ageing and subsequent failure .
the problems leading to flat roof failure are well-known — blistering , wrinkling , cracking , splitting etc. too often lead to accelerated ageing and [later] failure .

The charm of his style , the persuasiveness of his appeal to history , the breadth of his understanding , the way in which earnestness is blended with joyfulness in his religion — and all things pervaded by reason and good sense — have won disciples for Hooker in all subsequent generations .
the charm of his style , the persuasiveness of his appeal to history , the breadth of his understanding , the way in which earnestness is blended with joyfulness in his religion — and all things pervaded by reason and good sense — have won disciples for hooker in all [later] generations .

In his massive work Torturi Torti , and in subsequent rejoinders to Bellarmine , written in Latin and corrected by the King , Andrewes made an exhaustive appeal to history in order to refute the Pope 's claim to have power to depose monarchs .
in his massive work torturi torti , and in [later] rejoinders to bellarmine , written in latin and corrected by the king , andrewes made an exhaustive appeal to history in order to refute the pope 's claim to have power to depose monarchs .

This was an exaggeration , in order to emphasise the subsequent goodness of God towards him , for his father owned nine acres of land and left a Will .
this was an exaggeration , in order to emphasise the [later] goodness of god towards him , for his father owned nine acres of land and left a will .

Since the literary works to which Ken devoted himself in the long years which followed his brief episcopate were largely unremarkable and unread , the waste of his inspired and inspiring vocation as a bishop has appeared both to contemporary and subsequent critics exasperating ; for his scruples about swearing the oath of allegiance to William and Mary were so nearly overcome by his friends that he asked them not to continue their arguments lest he succumb .
since the literary works to which ken devoted himself in the long years which followed his brief episcopate were largely unremarkable and unread , the waste of his inspired and inspiring vocation as a bishop has appeared both to contemporary and [later] critics exasperating ; for his scruples about swearing the oath of allegiance to william and mary were so nearly overcome by his friends that he asked them not to continue their arguments lest he succumb .

It is our judgement that all of the authors considered in this book were victims of such disorder and that the accounts of their lives in subsequent chapters can stand alone as evidence of that .
it is our judgement that all of the authors considered in this book were victims of such disorder and that the accounts of their lives in [later] chapters can stand alone as evidence of that .

Volcanotectonic faults that controlled the eruption pattern may also have influenced the subsequent fault control of the West Cumbrian Permo-Carboniferous basins .
volcanotectonic faults that controlled the eruption pattern may also have influenced the [later] fault control of the west cumbrian permo-carboniferous basins .

The effect of geological processes on the geotechnical properties of soils and rocks In this project the relationship between the depositional environment , subsequent geological and glacial history and the geotechnical properties of the Gault clay , an important formation in Britain , are being studied .
the effect of geological processes on the geotechnical properties of soils and rocks in this project the relationship between the depositional environment , [later] geological and glacial history and the geotechnical properties of the gault clay , an important formation in britain , are being studied .

It is a personal , highly subjective account which seeks to relate my experience as an Irish lesbian , my involvement in political action at that time and my subsequent emigration to England in the mid-seventies .
it is a personal , highly subjective account which seeks to relate my experience as an irish lesbian , my involvement in political action at that time and my [later] emigration to england in the mid-seventies .

The announcement , and subsequent negotiations , will almost inevitably have an impact on the designation of assisted area status .
the announcement , and [later] negotiations , will almost inevitably have an impact on the designation of assisted area status .

Certainly he hated Robespierre and the Jacobins , and his subsequent disillusionment with the course of the Revolution makes sense if he is seen as an exiled Girondin .
certainly he hated robespierre and the jacobins , and his [later] disillusionment with the course of the revolution makes sense if he is seen as an exiled girondin .

John Clare testifies to the wholesale obliteration of landmarks , and the subsequent consciousness of alienation ; The Female Vagrant is not so much a poem by Wordsworth as a case-history .
john clare testifies to the wholesale obliteration of landmarks , and the [later] consciousness of alienation ; the female vagrant is not so much a poem by wordsworth as a case-history .

This method of narration allows the reader to take part in the initial experience , to share in the inquiry into its meaning from the start , and then to join in the subsequent dialogue with which Wordsworth engages ‘ the Mind out there ’ ( or the ‘ Wisdom and Spirit of the Universe ’ ) in his attempt to find a fuller explanation .
this method of narration allows the reader to take part in the initial experience , to share in the inquiry into its meaning from the start , and then to join in the [later] dialogue with which wordsworth engages ‘ the mind out there ’ ( or the ‘ wisdom and spirit of the universe ’ ) in his attempt to find a fuller explanation .

This time , and during subsequent visits , she stayed at ‘ Greek House ’ ( as its English proprietress called it ) or ‘ Greek Home ’ ( the name given to it by her American partner ) .
this time , and during [later] visits , she stayed at ‘ greek house ’ ( as its english proprietress called it ) or ‘ greek home ’ ( the name given to it by her american partner ) .

This result has many useful consequences , as we shall see in subsequent sections .
this result has many useful consequences , as we shall see in [later] sections .

Tests were administered before the group therapy started , at its end and at subsequent follow-ups .
tests were administered before the group therapy started , at its end and at [later] follow-ups .

In subsequent weeks , the women were asked merely to record the food and drink they consumed during binges and to note whether or not vomiting or laxative abuse had occurred .
in [later] weeks , the women were asked merely to record the food and drink they consumed during binges and to note whether or not vomiting or laxative abuse had occurred .

What Mr Byrne 's unpleasant and excitable letter omitted , and what has been omitted from all subsequent debate , is that Mr Smith is unanswerably the only serious contender offering himself for the leadership .
what mr byrne 's unpleasant and excitable letter omitted , and what has been omitted from all [later] debate , is that mr smith is unanswerably the only serious contender offering himself for the leadership .

Their third conclusion is that ‘ when new technology is introduced an inappropriate form of work organization — that associated with the technical trial of the machinery — tends to be carried over to subsequent operational units ’ ( Trist et al .
their third conclusion is that ‘ when new technology is introduced an inappropriate form of work organization — that associated with the technical trial of the machinery — tends to be carried over to [later] operational units ’ ( trist et al .

Once you have knitted one row the carriage has read the positions of the point cams once again , so the pattern will be correct on subsequent rows .
once you have knitted one row the carriage has read the positions of the point cams once again , so the pattern will be correct on [later] rows .

Now continue turning the transport wheel until you have the figure 1 ( or the first row of any subsequent pattern ) showing in the little cut-out square at the left of the bottom slot on the console .
now continue turning the transport wheel until you have the figure 1 ( or the first row of any [later] pattern ) showing in the little cut-out square at the left of the bottom slot on the console .

During the subsequent flight the farmer , seated in the rear seat , was obliged to take control several times and particularly during the landing .
during the [later] flight the farmer , seated in the rear seat , was obliged to take control several times and particularly during the landing .

What gave this and subsequent works weight was their sheer authenticity : real people spoke through the text , via Terkel 's tape recorder .
what gave this and [later] works weight was their sheer authenticity : real people spoke through the text , via terkel 's tape recorder .

The language of the patent , ambiguous as it always is , emphasised how elimination of the spine could remove the risk of distortion and subsequent uneven distribution of pressure .
the language of the patent , ambiguous as it always is , emphasised how elimination of the spine could remove the risk of distortion and [later] uneven distribution of pressure .

These mostly reflected the emergence and subsequent disappearance of various political groupings and parties .
these mostly reflected the emergence and [later] disappearance of various political groupings and parties .

He analyses all known history in terms of five modes of production subsequent to a primitive stage of cooperation : slavery , serfdom , wage labour , an Asiatic mode and finally , socialism .
he analyses all known history in terms of five modes of production [later] to a primitive stage of cooperation : slavery , serfdom , wage labour , an asiatic mode and finally , socialism .

He was given to fits of violent enthusiasm and subsequent fits of gloom ; nobody knew what to predict regarding him .
he was given to fits of violent enthusiasm and [later] fits of gloom ; nobody knew what to predict regarding him .

As each subsequent requiem repeated the ritual exhibited at the primary mass , the cycle proved an expensive way of praying for the repose of the dead .
as each [later] requiem repeated the ritual exhibited at the primary mass , the cycle proved an expensive way of praying for the repose of the dead .

You can not guarantee what the resulting shade will be , though — you build up depth with subsequent layers — and you can get tell-tale streaking if you are not very careful with application .
you can not guarantee what the resulting shade will be , though — you build up depth with [later] layers — and you can get tell-tale streaking if you are not very careful with application .

The then management of the Dee Hall , concerned about the effect that this increasingly seedy and dilapidated property was having on the hotel 's image , bought it in 1982 with a view to subsequent development , but no action had been taken before the hotel was sold to Duchy .
the then management of the dee hall , concerned about the effect that this increasingly seedy and dilapidated property was having on the hotel 's image , bought it in 1982 with a view to [later] development , but no action had been taken before the hotel was sold to duchy .

The brewing plant there was modernized during the early 1970s and subsequent investment has kept it in line with current technology .
the brewing plant there was modernized during the early 1970s and [later] investment has kept it in line with current technology .

The trend towards bottled beers ( partly because bottling plant was expensive , and partly because the ‘ nationals ’ were already strong in this field ) and the subsequent expansion of keg beer ( which allowed draught beers to be distributed more widely ) .
the trend towards bottled beers ( partly because bottling plant was expensive , and partly because the ‘ nationals ’ were already strong in this field ) and the [later] expansion of keg beer ( which allowed draught beers to be distributed more widely ) .

‘ The Doctor ’ , as the old man referred to him on her subsequent visits alone , ‘ the Doctor said as 'ow ‘ e were all for veg , like Mr Chadwick .
‘ the doctor ’ , as the old man referred to him on her [later] visits alone , ‘ the doctor said as 'ow ‘ e were all for veg , like mr chadwick .

In the subsequent weeks leading up to Christmas , Liza saw Freddie Nash only twice : once at a private party given by two officers who rented a small cottage in the district , the second time at a dance organised by a certain county grande dame , who seemed to think she was destined to introduce the opposite sex to one another as her personal contribution to the war effort .
in the [later] weeks leading up to christmas , liza saw freddie nash only twice : once at a private party given by two officers who rented a small cottage in the district , the second time at a dance organised by a certain county grande dame , who seemed to think she was destined to introduce the opposite sex to one another as her personal contribution to the war effort .

But she could still recall , quite vividly , how it had been when she and Tom had married , just as soon as he had been able to dispense with his crutches : their brief but ecstatic honeymoon , the way he had so gently and expertly initiated her into the pleasures of sex and how , in spite of all his subsequent straying , she had remained faithful , forgiving and in love with him , in her own way , right to the end .
but she could still recall , quite vividly , how it had been when she and tom had married , just as soon as he had been able to dispense with his crutches : their brief but ecstatic honeymoon , the way he had so gently and expertly initiated her into the pleasures of sex and how , in spite of all his [later] straying , she had remained faithful , forgiving and in love with him , in her own way , right to the end .

Initially , any new technology functions rather crudely , Wendler argues , but its usability rises over time as users and vendors gain experience through subsequent versions .
initially , any new technology functions rather crudely , wendler argues , but its usability rises over time as users and vendors gain experience through [later] versions .

The complexity of new technology ( for users ) is high at first , but again decreases with subsequent releases of the product .
the complexity of new technology ( for users ) is high at first , but again decreases with [later] releases of the product .

Various by-employments foreshadowed subsequent industrial development ; indeed , Droitwich salt already enjoyed wide repute , although fifty-four nil-assessments among seventy-five listed townsmen underlines Leland 's description of its poverty .
various by-employments foreshadowed [later] industrial development ; indeed , droitwich salt already enjoyed wide repute , although fifty-four nil-assessments among seventy-five listed townsmen underlines leland 's description of its poverty .

The second , the role of enlightenment thinking in the subsequent history of European despotism , is the particular focus of interest for the German critical theorists , most memorably and most forcibly articulated in Benjamin 's ‘ Theses on the Philosophy of History ’ .
the second , the role of enlightenment thinking in the [later] history of european despotism , is the particular focus of interest for the german critical theorists , most memorably and most forcibly articulated in benjamin 's ‘ theses on the philosophy of history ’ .

For the moment let us focus on Said 's subsequent point that if Orientalism and anthropology derive from historicism , this is by no means a thing of the past : of more recent sciences , Said singles out in particular that of world history as practised by Braudel , Wallerstein , Anderson and Wolf , which he contends is still derived from the enterprise of Orientalism and its colluding companion anthropology , and which has refused to encounter and to interrogate its own relationship as a discipline to European imperialism .
for the moment let us focus on said 's [later] point that if orientalism and anthropology derive from historicism , this is by no means a thing of the past : of more recent sciences , said singles out in particular that of world history as practised by braudel , wallerstein , anderson and wolf , which he contends is still derived from the enterprise of orientalism and its colluding companion anthropology , and which has refused to encounter and to interrogate its own relationship as a discipline to european imperialism .

Although one of the earliest questions put to him in England concerned this category of ‘ the West ’ , in the subsequent fervour that accompanied the transformation of Derrida 's work into the method of deconstruction , this problem tended to slip out of view .
although one of the earliest questions put to him in england concerned this category of ‘ the west ’ , in the [later] fervour that accompanied the transformation of derrida 's work into the method of deconstruction , this problem tended to slip out of view .

Yet if Lukács laid this theoretical burden upon Western Marxism , he had , ironically , already written the narrative of its subsequent history in his earlier , pre-Marxist , Theory of the Novel ( 1920 ) .
yet if lukács laid this theoretical burden upon western marxism , he had , ironically , already written the narrative of its [later] history in his earlier , pre-marxist , theory of the novel ( 1920 ) .

This account , whose origins in German Romanticism are obviously comparable to Marx 's , points to the subsequent difficulty for Marxism itself : the lost ‘ spontaneous ’ totality of being can never be retrieved .
this account , whose origins in german romanticism are obviously comparable to marx 's , points to the [later] difficulty for marxism itself : the lost ‘ spontaneous ’ totality of being can never be retrieved .

Much of the effort of Althusserian Marxism was taken up with trying to produce such a theory , and it was the failure to produce it that perhaps was the main reason for its subsequent collapse .
much of the effort of althusserian marxism was taken up with trying to produce such a theory , and it was the failure to produce it that perhaps was the main reason for its [later] collapse .

Their real force can be discerned from the extent to which the problematics they set up have continued to exercise subsequent writers .
their real force can be discerned from the extent to which the problematics they set up have continued to exercise [later] writers .

The demise of Althusserianism has meant that the extent to which subsequent writers , such as Foucault or even Derrida , continued to work within the problematic that his work had established , has tended to be overlooked .
the demise of althusserianism has meant that the extent to which [later] writers , such as foucault or even derrida , continued to work within the problematic that his work had established , has tended to be overlooked .

It was Althusser who , after Sartre , problematized the very concept of history and laid the basis for much subsequent theoretical investigation .
it was althusser who , after sartre , problematized the very concept of history and laid the basis for much [later] theoretical investigation .

But Foucault 's own subsequent work shows that it could not really be a question of choice on these terms , for the simple reason that , as he himself is at pains to point out in The Order of Things , history is itself a discursive practice : while the latter can not be simply equated with the textual , it can not be crudely opposed to it either .
but foucault 's own [later] work shows that it could not really be a question of choice on these terms , for the simple reason that , as he himself is at pains to point out in the order of things , history is itself a discursive practice : while the latter can not be simply equated with the textual , it can not be crudely opposed to it either .

In his subsequent work , the connection between the two would remain profoundly equivocal .
in his [later] work , the connection between the two would remain profoundly equivocal .

The seriousness of Derrida 's intervention can be discerned from Foucault 's subsequent repudiation of the central thesis of Madness and Civilization and the change of direction that his work took thereafter .
the seriousness of derrida 's intervention can be discerned from foucault 's [later] repudiation of the central thesis of madness and civilization and the change of direction that his work took thereafter .

Clergy at one time might , for example , claim as many members as possible , forgetting , perhaps , to remove from the list those who have died or moved to another parish ; a subsequent introduction of ‘ potential giving ’ or per capita assessment for a maintenance -of-ministry-fund could result in their rapidly removing any ‘ dead wood ’ in order to reduce the costly membership figures to an absolute minimum .
clergy at one time might , for example , claim as many members as possible , forgetting , perhaps , to remove from the list those who have died or moved to another parish ; a [later] introduction of ‘ potential giving ’ or per capita assessment for a maintenance -of-ministry-fund could result in their rapidly removing any ‘ dead wood ’ in order to reduce the costly membership figures to an absolute minimum .

The return of the Emperor to France and the subsequent declaration of war had been good for Harper 's trade ; a good hunter stolen from a Protestant plantation in Ireland would fetch a prime price in England where so many officers equipped themselves for the campaign .
the return of the emperor to france and the [later] declaration of war had been good for harper 's trade ; a good hunter stolen from a protestant plantation in ireland would fetch a prime price in england where so many officers equipped themselves for the campaign .

Prior 's subsequent entries became very sparse until , some years later , the chairman of the Board made a note of his own saying that he ‘ would be obliged if Dr .
prior 's [later] entries became very sparse until , some years later , the chairman of the board made a note of his own saying that he ‘ would be obliged if dr .

If that were so , subsequent events had some of the characteristics of poetic justice .
if that were so , [later] events had some of the characteristics of poetic justice .

The Warnock Report , by its detailed recommendations , and not least by nominating it as one of its three ‘ areas of first priority ’ , put post-school provision on the agenda , even if the subsequent legislation to implement the Report ( the 1981 Education Act ) , ignored post-school education and training .
the warnock report , by its detailed recommendations , and not least by nominating it as one of its three ‘ areas of first priority ’ , put post-school provision on the agenda , even if the [later] legislation to implement the report ( the 1981 education act ) , ignored post-school education and training .

This approach continued to gain impetus in subsequent consultation processes and legislation which emerged .
this approach continued to gain impetus in [later] consultation processes and legislation which emerged .

Even if you are confident of your ability to manage a compost heap so that it becomes hot enough to cleanse itself of disease spores , there remains the risk of the subsequent compost matter containing thorns which are extremely resistant to decomposition .
even if you are confident of your ability to manage a compost heap so that it becomes hot enough to cleanse itself of disease spores , there remains the risk of the [later] compost matter containing thorns which are extremely resistant to decomposition .

It is true that much of the subsequent shape and form that a rose assumes is determined more during the first year or two of pruning than any subsequent factor .
it is true that much of the [later] shape and form that a rose assumes is determined more during the first year or two of pruning than any [later] factor .

All first year pruning should be harder and closer to the base than in subsequent years .
all first year pruning should be harder and closer to the base than in [later] years .

At the second and subsequent prunings , a widely advocated rule of thumb guide is to reduce the stem length by about a half .
at the second and [later] prunings , a widely advocated rule of thumb guide is to reduce the stem length by about a half .

Pruning in the second and subsequent years should try to begin a routine or system — and only your cultivation and experience will determine this — of removing wood that has flowered in proportion to the amount and vigour of new wood that the individual plant puts up .
pruning in the second and [later] years should try to begin a routine or system — and only your cultivation and experience will determine this — of removing wood that has flowered in proportion to the amount and vigour of new wood that the individual plant puts up .

He states that ‘ the argument that all individuals have a right to privacy ( that is to say , freedom from observation , investigation and subsequent publication based on the investigation ) is strong but should be qualified when applied to the police ’ .
he states that ‘ the argument that all individuals have a right to privacy ( that is to say , freedom from observation , investigation and [later] publication based on the investigation ) is strong but should be qualified when applied to the police ’ .

Each feeds off the other , each informs the other and the subsequent reactions are reciprocal and continuous rather than unilinear and in one direction .
each feeds off the other , each informs the other and the [later] reactions are reciprocal and continuous rather than unilinear and in one direction .

Paradoxically , his subsequent statements do , in fact , make his conception élitist and authoritarian : Shakespeare and Minder are to be applauded but Dallas , Dynasty and quiz shows are to be decried because they ‘ show a contempt for the audience , nut simply as it is but also as it might be … ’ .
paradoxically , his [later] statements do , in fact , make his conception élitist and authoritarian : shakespeare and minder are to be applauded but dallas , dynasty and quiz shows are to be decried because they ‘ show a contempt for the audience , nut simply as it is but also as it might be … ’ .

As with capital gains tax , appreciation is only calculated from 1982 or subsequent year of purchase and any part of the asset 's increased value due to inflation is not counted for tax purposes .
as with capital gains tax , appreciation is only calculated from 1982 or [later] year of purchase and any part of the asset 's increased value due to inflation is not counted for tax purposes .

Search consultants themselves claimed that their business did markedly increase — in the number of new clients as well as in terms of the number of individual assignments — as a result of the Big Bang , and that the level of their work has continued to grow steadily , in spite of subsequent national economic changes .
search consultants themselves claimed that their business did markedly increase — in the number of new clients as well as in terms of the number of individual assignments — as a result of the big bang , and that the level of their work has continued to grow steadily , in spite of [later] national economic changes .

This usually takes the form of obsessively pursuing the minutiae of experimental phenomena and theories that leave a subsequent generation cold .
this usually takes the form of obsessively pursuing the minutiae of experimental phenomena and theories that leave a [later] generation cold .

As we shall see in a subsequent chapter there is good evidence for this optimism .
as we shall see in a [later] chapter there is good evidence for this optimism .

Similarly , detailed knowledge of bee physiology should enable one to predict that the bees ' locating a food source will have as a causal consequence ( even if only statistically ) the subsequent pattern of wiggles and tilts in the hive .
similarly , detailed knowledge of bee physiology should enable one to predict that the bees ' locating a food source will have as a causal consequence ( even if only statistically ) the [later] pattern of wiggles and tilts in the hive .

‘ … in 1940–1 a mere accident , and one which might easily have occurred , could … have reversed the outcome of the war and transformed the subsequent shape of the world ’ .
‘ … in 1940–1 a mere accident , and one which might easily have occurred , could … have reversed the outcome of the war and transformed the [later] shape of the world ’ .

It is effective against the evolution-plus-natural-selection myth , because it forces us to reconstruct the narrative of his subsequent theorizing not as so many unknowing steps towards his final positions , but as so many deliberate departures from positions initially shared with his mentor .
it is effective against the evolution-plus-natural-selection myth , because it forces us to reconstruct the narrative of his [later] theorizing not as so many unknowing steps towards his final positions , but as so many deliberate departures from positions initially shared with his mentor .

It compounds still further those two legacies so actively conjoined since the previous summer of 1837 : the historical , biogeographical ( including ecological ) concerns that he had inherited from Lyell , and the generational concerns deriving from his study with Grant and subsequent reading in Erasmus Darwin .
it compounds still further those two legacies so actively conjoined since the previous summer of 1837 : the historical , biogeographical ( including ecological ) concerns that he had inherited from lyell , and the generational concerns deriving from his study with grant and [later] reading in erasmus darwin .

Likewise , in natural selection it is physical differences , not the differences in reproductive expectancies estimated from them , that can cause and can explain subsequent reproductive performance differences .
likewise , in natural selection it is physical differences , not the differences in reproductive expectancies estimated from them , that can cause and can explain [later] reproductive performance differences .

Whether the extinctions among neritic organisms were the consequence of regression of epicontinental seas ( Newell , 1967 ) or the widespread bottom-water anoxia characteristic of the initial phase of subsequent transgression ( Hallam , 1981c ) a significant reduction of habitat area and hence deterioration of the environment would have been produced by either phenomenon .
whether the extinctions among neritic organisms were the consequence of regression of epicontinental seas ( newell , 1967 ) or the widespread bottom-water anoxia characteristic of the initial phase of [later] transgression ( hallam , 1981c ) a significant reduction of habitat area and hence deterioration of the environment would have been produced by either phenomenon .

It is not known whether Lady Tynte investigated just what had happened to the bird 's genitalia but subsequent studies of female pheasants showing similar transvestite tendencies revealed that only sexual differences developing at or after puberty were affected and that the reproductive organs themselves remained unaltered ( Yarrell , 1827 ) .
it is not known whether lady tynte investigated just what had happened to the bird 's genitalia but [later] studies of female pheasants showing similar transvestite tendencies revealed that only sexual differences developing at or after puberty were affected and that the reproductive organs themselves remained unaltered ( yarrell , 1827 ) .

Sexual selection on males may also reduce the average fitness of females ( Lande , 1980 ) : in species where adult males are substantially larger than females , producing sons appears to depress the mother 's subsequent reproductive success more than producing daughters ( Clutton-Brock , Albon & Guinness , 1981 ) .
sexual selection on males may also reduce the average fitness of females ( lande , 1980 ) : in species where adult males are substantially larger than females , producing sons appears to depress the mother 's [later] reproductive success more than producing daughters ( clutton-brock , albon & guinness , 1981 ) .

The sexual attraction of their siblings and parents , which people under psychoanalysis reported they felt , may have created the conditions for developing subsequent indifference .
the sexual attraction of their siblings and parents , which people under psychoanalysis reported they felt , may have created the conditions for developing [later] indifference .

Others would be subsequent offspring , genuine human beings who still heeded the hypnotic brood-bond .
others would be [later] offspring , genuine human beings who still heeded the hypnotic brood-bond .

Jaq daydreamed about a subsequent year when Baal Firenze had first made himself known .
jaq daydreamed about a [later] year when baal firenze had first made himself known .

In Animal Liberation and all his subsequent writings on the topic , Singer employs his animal-enhanced equality principle to argue that the consequences for all concerned would on balance be best served by almost total vegetarianism .
in animal liberation and all his [later] writings on the topic , singer employs his animal-enhanced equality principle to argue that the consequences for all concerned would on balance be best served by almost total vegetarianism .

Out of 4,000 scientific publications they selected 529 ‘ key articles ’ ( ‘ a key article was defined as one that had an important effect on the direction of subsequent research and development , which in turn proved to be important for one of the ten clinical advances ’ ) .
out of 4,000 scientific publications they selected 529 ‘ key articles ’ ( ‘ a key article was defined as one that had an important effect on the direction of [later] research and development , which in turn proved to be important for one of the ten clinical advances ’ ) .

It not only adds an exciting new dimension to hair , it actually improves the structure with each subsequent application .
it not only adds an exciting new dimension to hair , it actually improves the structure with each [later] application .

Without being overcomplicated or analytical , many of our sensitivities are due to early life and subsequent experience .
without being overcomplicated or analytical , many of our sensitivities are due to early life and [later] experience .

Suggestions on how to help the rock recover its pre-sandblast colour included the use of a cow dung , which should add an unusual olfactory dimension to subsequent ascents .
suggestions on how to help the rock recover its pre-sandblast colour included the use of a cow dung , which should add an unusual olfactory dimension to [later] ascents .

Ali and Mohammed discussed the possibility of staying there with subsequent trekking parties .
ali and mohammed discussed the possibility of staying there with [later] trekking parties .

All subsequent sections of colour for the background must be designed in multiples of two , but the last section , where the upper portion of the pattern will join the first section , must also be an odd number .
all [later] sections of colour for the background must be designed in multiples of two , but the last section , where the upper portion of the pattern will join the first section , must also be an odd number .

The recent price rises and the subsequent decline in general standards of living had left whole sections of the urban population dissatisfied with the results of reform .
the recent price rises and the [later] decline in general standards of living had left whole sections of the urban population dissatisfied with the results of reform .

They should be dealt with one at a time using the subsequent text pages .
they should be dealt with one at a time using the [later] text pages .

This may be guided by the subsequent text pages which describe the intervention that was carried out by the Smiths .
this may be guided by the [later] text pages which describe the intervention that was carried out by the smiths .

Subsequent weeks
[later] weeks

This was further reduced in subsequent weeks until the target time of 7.30pm was reached .
this was further reduced in [later] weeks until the target time of 7.30pm was reached .

Skinner ( 1957 ) also argued that these contingent relationships between behaviour and subsequent environmental events control language changes during childhood .
skinner ( 1957 ) also argued that these contingent relationships between behaviour and [later] environmental events control language changes during childhood .

For example , a child who is assessed while slightly under the weather or simply in a bad mood will be likely to perform below par , and a comparison of this assessment with a prior or subsequent assessment will provide a distorted impression of any real changes which have occurred .
for example , a child who is assessed while slightly under the weather or simply in a bad mood will be likely to perform below par , and a comparison of this assessment with a prior or [later] assessment will provide a distorted impression of any real changes which have occurred .

Any subsequent comparison of an individual child with the age norms will indicate the extent to which that child 's performance is consistent with the performance of most other children and , if there is a discrepancy , an indication of the time-gap involved .
any [later] comparison of an individual child with the age norms will indicate the extent to which that child 's performance is consistent with the performance of most other children and , if there is a discrepancy , an indication of the time-gap involved .

The purpose of preparing a transcript is to present , in print , as complete a record of the taped material as is required for the particular assessment : ‘ It provides the foundation of ; 11 subsequent analyses and , as such , its importance can not be over estimated ’ ( Crystal 1984 ) .
the purpose of preparing a transcript is to present , in print , as complete a record of the taped material as is required for the particular assessment : ‘ it provides the foundation of ; 11 [later] analyses and , as such , its importance can not be over estimated ’ ( crystal 1984 ) .

Checklists may be used not only to determine a child 's current level of functioning , but also to establish the focus for subsequent intervention .
checklists may be used not only to determine a child 's current level of functioning , but also to establish the focus for [later] intervention .

It is suggested that this might indicate those sounds which will be most suitable as a target for subsequent intervention .
it is suggested that this might indicate those sounds which will be most suitable as a target for [later] intervention .

This may not seem relevant in the light of Stuart 's subsequent death , but let me assure you it is .
this may not seem relevant in the light of stuart 's [later] death , but let me assure you it is .

Before considering subsequent developments in the theory of ideology it is worth presenting a summary of the contributions to a theory of knowledge that Marx provides ( and Larrain 's analysis illuminates ) .
before considering [later] developments in the theory of ideology it is worth presenting a summary of the contributions to a theory of knowledge that marx provides ( and larrain 's analysis illuminates ) .

Subsequent experimentation with fumes from cooking and coal fires produced the same results .
[later] experimentation with fumes from cooking and coal fires produced the same results .

While the original version of Engelbart 's famous paper showed this structure , subsequent reprintings of the paper have removed that feature — this despite the claims by Engelbart that his group found such presentation extremely helpful .
while the original version of engelbart 's famous paper showed this structure , [later] reprintings of the paper have removed that feature — this despite the claims by engelbart that his group found such presentation extremely helpful .

Motivation The process of selection by the family , or self selection by the carer , for this work is shown to play a crucial part in the subsequent relationship and caring process .
motivation the process of selection by the family , or self selection by the carer , for this work is shown to play a crucial part in the [later] relationship and caring process .

Child benefit goes up to £10 a week for the first child and Pounds 8.10 for each subsequent child .
child benefit goes up to £10 a week for the first child and pounds 8.10 for each [later] child .

Consideration is given in subsequent chapters to aspects of poverty , to health and to housing ( Chapters 6 , 7 and 8 respectively ) , but this chapter deals with the social security system and attempts to reform it .
consideration is given in [later] chapters to aspects of poverty , to health and to housing ( chapters 6 , 7 and 8 respectively ) , but this chapter deals with the social security system and attempts to reform it .

His subsequent letters to her reveal a side of his personality that Victorian biographers preferred to suppress At this point it seems that Wolfgang was interested in matters more scatological than sexual ; his humour is of the smutty adolescent variety that was evidently taken for granted in Salzburg middle class society .
his [later] letters to her reveal a side of his personality that victorian biographers preferred to suppress at this point it seems that wolfgang was interested in matters more scatological than sexual ; his humour is of the smutty adolescent variety that was evidently taken for granted in salzburg middle class society .

There are other , less well publicised reasons for interest in attempts to make metallic hydrogen and in the hydrogen-palladium experiments which bear on some subsequent responses to Fleischmann and Pons ' work .
there are other , less well publicised reasons for interest in attempts to make metallic hydrogen and in the hydrogen-palladium experiments which bear on some [later] responses to fleischmann and pons ' work .

It may help us to understand some of the subsequent developments better if first we have an impression of what was going on in the University of Utah chemistry department in 1988 , up to and around the time of the interaction with Jones .
it may help us to understand some of the [later] developments better if first we have an impression of what was going on in the university of utah chemistry department in 1988 , up to and around the time of the interaction with jones .

This paper was one of the controversial centrepieces of the affair . Was it properly refereed or passed through at the urgings of the editor ? Did it break the agreement of joint publication ? Did its appearance signify a scientific publication and so excuse a subsequent press conference or was it , as many scientists claimed , a badly written uninformative document of limited scientific credibility that did little to support its authors ' claims to have found fusion ?
this paper was one of the controversial centrepieces of the affair . was it properly refereed or passed through at the urgings of the editor ? did it break the agreement of joint publication ? did its appearance signify a scientific publication and so excuse a [later] press conference or was it , as many scientists claimed , a badly written uninformative document of limited scientific credibility that did little to support its authors ' claims to have found fusion ?

He was n't beaten far by subsequent Sandown winner Kilcash over two miles here last month , and will be ideally suited by today 's extra half-mile .
he was n't beaten far by [later] sandown winner kilcash over two miles here last month , and will be ideally suited by today 's extra half-mile .

But Cook was a long way off selection when the South Africans picked their side for the World Cup and the subsequent mini-tour of the West Indies , which featured the Republic 's only other Test since the dismantling of apartheid .
but cook was a long way off selection when the south africans picked their side for the world cup and the [later] mini-tour of the west indies , which featured the republic 's only other test since the dismantling of apartheid .

Chatam , tremendously impressive when beating subsequent Grand National hero Party Politics by four lengths in the Newbury showpiece last year , was on offer at 14–1 on Monday but was yesterday cut to 8–1 third favourite by William Hill .
chatam , tremendously impressive when beating [later] grand national hero party politics by four lengths in the newbury showpiece last year , was on offer at 14–1 on monday but was yesterday cut to 8–1 third favourite by william hill .

Cantona 's nomadic journey though English football began last January , when Sheffield Wednesday manager Trevor Francis tried to sign him from Nimes . These were his subsequent staging posts en route for Old Trafford :
cantona 's nomadic journey though english football began last january , when sheffield wednesday manager trevor francis tried to sign him from nimes . these were his [later] staging posts en route for old trafford :

But Wilkinson considered this incident , along with subsequent events , as part of Cantona 's ‘ Le Brat ’ antics — and was no longer prepared to tolerate them .
but wilkinson considered this incident , along with [later] events , as part of cantona 's ‘ le brat ’ antics — and was no longer prepared to tolerate them .

It is given to the first child , through no fault of its own , to disrupt what has been an exclusive , reciprocal relationship as no subsequent child has power to do .
it is given to the first child , through no fault of its own , to disrupt what has been an exclusive , reciprocal relationship as no [later] child has power to do .

The work of Freud , and subsequent psychoanalysts , has indicated that when the pain of unexpressed feelings is not recognized or acknowledged , the subconscious mind ensures that such recognition never re-emerges at a conscious level , but it can nevertheless be a major subconscious influence on the social performance of the individual .
the work of freud , and [later] psychoanalysts , has indicated that when the pain of unexpressed feelings is not recognized or acknowledged , the subconscious mind ensures that such recognition never re-emerges at a conscious level , but it can nevertheless be a major subconscious influence on the social performance of the individual .

The subsequent erection of the monuments — for example , capping the uprights of Stonehenge — likewise can not have been easy .
the [later] erection of the monuments — for example , capping the uprights of stonehenge — likewise can not have been easy .

Yet his subsequent collapse from hero to villain has been as sudden as a Patriot missile strike .
yet his [later] collapse from hero to villain has been as sudden as a patriot missile strike .

Where subsequent enquiries show the vehicle to be unlicensed the traffic warden would be able to prove use .
where [later] enquiries show the vehicle to be unlicensed the traffic warden would be able to prove use .

His subsequent rise to power as the charismatic leader of Britain 's ‘ war socialism ’ provides the best illustration of the tendency for left and right-wing collectivism to converge around a nationalist economics utterly alien to the Cobdenite traditions of the pacifists .
his [later] rise to power as the charismatic leader of britain 's ‘ war socialism ’ provides the best illustration of the tendency for left and right-wing collectivism to converge around a nationalist economics utterly alien to the cobdenite traditions of the pacifists .

Intended to induce a feeling of nostalgia in the shopper ( and a subsequent loosening of their purse ) it only induces in me a feeling of nausea .
intended to induce a feeling of nostalgia in the shopper ( and a [later] loosening of their purse ) it only induces in me a feeling of nausea .

Edward 's affair and subsequent marriage to divorced Mrs Simpson had left the family 's popularity at an all-time low .
edward 's affair and [later] marriage to divorced mrs simpson had left the family 's popularity at an all-time low .

Last night 's vote and the subsequent meeting , to be held some time next month , is bound to re-fuel the huge controversy that resulted from Gower 's non-selection behind South African rebel Mike Gatting .
last night 's vote and the [later] meeting , to be held some time next month , is bound to re-fuel the huge controversy that resulted from gower 's non-selection behind south african rebel mike gatting .

He finished three lengths behind Monday 's Welsh National winner Run For Free first time out at Haydock when conceding five pounds , and was six lengths in front of The Fellow in the Hennessy , receiving 25lb from the subsequent King George winner .
he finished three lengths behind monday 's welsh national winner run for free first time out at haydock when conceding five pounds , and was six lengths in front of the fellow in the hennessy , receiving 25lb from the [later] king george winner .

But that apprehension was not physical cowardice , rather the fear of defeat and subsequent demotion from big-money fighter to poorly-paid has-been that drove him on .
but that apprehension was not physical cowardice , rather the fear of defeat and [later] demotion from big-money fighter to poorly-paid has-been that drove him on .

Had Buksh taken the appropriate action on each occasion — a yellow card and pointing to the spot respectively — we might have been spared the subsequent skirmishing :
had buksh taken the appropriate action on each occasion — a yellow card and pointing to the spot respectively — we might have been spared the [later] skirmishing :

Although no land has been sold , it appears that the sale of the herd and two subsequent disposals of the milk quota constituted together the sale of a complete business .
although no land has been sold , it appears that the sale of the herd and two [later] disposals of the milk quota constituted together the sale of a complete business .

‘ The responses to the Manifesto will form the background against which our strategy is going to be planned for subsequent years .
‘ the responses to the manifesto will form the background against which our strategy is going to be planned for [later] years .

This risk might come from subsequent investigation of the audit , or from investigations carried out by any of the various regulatory bodies such as the Inland Revenue Investigations Branch or one established under the Financial Services Act .
this risk might come from [later] investigation of the audit , or from investigations carried out by any of the various regulatory bodies such as the inland revenue investigations branch or one established under the financial services act .

Following the crash of the New Zealand share market in 1987 , and the subsequent failure of many large companies , there have been frequent demands from the public for improved standards in financial reporting .
following the crash of the new zealand share market in 1987 , and the [later] failure of many large companies , there have been frequent demands from the public for improved standards in financial reporting .

This says that ‘ greater freedom of communication by those professional advisers to the regulators might have had a significant effect on subsequent action , and hence on the later course of events ’ .
this says that ‘ greater freedom of communication by those professional advisers to the regulators might have had a significant effect on [later] action , and hence on the later course of events ’ .

‘ It claims that we first select a particular task that we wish to carry out , and then select the appropriate machine which will enable us to perform this task . Although the choice of task may , according to this notion , be consciously or unconsciously determined by political factors , the subsequent choice of machine or technique to achieve the task is claimed to remain a politically neutral technical task ’
‘ it claims that we first select a particular task that we wish to carry out , and then select the appropriate machine which will enable us to perform this task . although the choice of task may , according to this notion , be consciously or unconsciously determined by political factors , the [later] choice of machine or technique to achieve the task is claimed to remain a politically neutral technical task ’

Certainly he expects to be happy there , but even if we were to claim that his ultimate end is pleasure we should be using ‘ end ’ in another sense than when we say that his flight was the end to which booking the ticket was the means , since to enjoy living in a place is not an activity separate from and subsequent in time to living there .
certainly he expects to be happy there , but even if we were to claim that his ultimate end is pleasure we should be using ‘ end ’ in another sense than when we say that his flight was the end to which booking the ticket was the means , since to enjoy living in a place is not an activity separate from and [later] in time to living there .

There was subsequent correspondence with the Board of Trade , enquiring whether Parliamentary Powers and an inspection would be necessary for those lines which led to depôts and on which a public service would never be provided .
there was [later] correspondence with the board of trade , enquiring whether parliamentary powers and an inspection would be necessary for those lines which led to depôts and on which a public service would never be provided .

Once again a representative of the Post Office demanded guard wires and in subsequent correspondence , the Board of Trade enquired which was Elis David Road and which was Lower Church Street , as they were too small to show clearly on the map .
once again a representative of the post office demanded guard wires and in [later] correspondence , the board of trade enquired which was elis david road and which was lower church street , as they were too small to show clearly on the map .

and sums calculated by the Borough Surveyor in subsequent years ( with certain safeguards ) .
and sums calculated by the borough surveyor in [later] years ( with certain safeguards ) .

During subsequent overhauls , Nos .
during [later] overhauls , nos .

In due course they were put into service on the South Metropolitan system and their subsequent history is therefore described in greater detail in the section dealing with that undertaking .
in due course they were put into service on the south metropolitan system and their [later] history is therefore described in greater detail in the section dealing with that undertaking .

Firstly , to allow the mark , as it was , to be made anywhere in the field of play and subsequent kick to be allowed directly into touch , if so required . This has the following points in its favour :
firstly , to allow the mark , as it was , to be made anywhere in the field of play and [later] kick to be allowed directly into touch , if so required . this has the following points in its favour :

( b ) The ground gained from the mark and subsequent kick may encourage teams to think twice about kicking .
( b ) the ground gained from the mark and [later] kick may encourage teams to think twice about kicking .

But account-holders who do not put in the maximum in any one year are not allowed to top up the account in the following or any subsequent years .
but account-holders who do not put in the maximum in any one year are not allowed to top up the account in the following or any [later] years .

In 1983/84 , it came close to collapse after making heavy losses on loans to an Indian commodity group named Esal , which was involved in the subsequent collapse of Johnson Matthey .
in 1983/84 , it came close to collapse after making heavy losses on loans to an indian commodity group named esal , which was involved in the [later] collapse of johnson matthey .

However , as most life assurance companies have undivided funds , the application of the usual part disposal rules to calculate the deemed gain has the effect , where values have risen , of reducing the subsequent base cost of the chargeable element of the holding .
however , as most life assurance companies have undivided funds , the application of the usual part disposal rules to calculate the deemed gain has the effect , where values have risen , of reducing the [later] base cost of the chargeable element of the holding .

Where a departure continues in subsequent financial statements , the disclosures should be made in all such subsequent statements , and should include corresponding amounts for the previous year .
where a departure continues in [later] financial statements , the disclosures should be made in all such [later] statements , and should include corresponding amounts for the previous year .

The first session costs around £35 for one-and-a-half hours and then you 'll pay £25 for subsequent treatments .
the first session costs around £35 for one-and-a-half hours and then you 'll pay £25 for [later] treatments .

Despite the fanfare which greeted the launch of the Air 180 last year , the subsequent arrival of the Air Huarache had made a greater impression on our testers , who have found it to be both innovative and effective .
despite the fanfare which greeted the launch of the air 180 last year , the [later] arrival of the air huarache had made a greater impression on our testers , who have found it to be both innovative and effective .

Later , in 449 the university and town were attacked by invading Picts and Scots , but Hengist 's victory over them , and subsequent decision to build the first Saxon town at Stamford , ensured its future .
later , in 449 the university and town were attacked by invading picts and scots , but hengist 's victory over them , and [later] decision to build the first saxon town at stamford , ensured its future .

Meanwhile the holders , Bègles-Bordeaux , became the victims of lacklustre Chalon in the first round of the knock-out stage , while much-fancied outfits like Grenoble , Tarbes , Dax and Bayonne followed suit in the subsequent rounds .
meanwhile the holders , bègles-bordeaux , became the victims of lacklustre chalon in the first round of the knock-out stage , while much-fancied outfits like grenoble , tarbes , dax and bayonne followed suit in the [later] rounds .

To judge by Vincent 's subsequent letter of 15 October , it did at least bring them back into contact .
to judge by vincent 's [later] letter of 15 october , it did at least bring them back into contact .

It may be that some couples cohabit initially because they are uncertain about the strength of their relationship so their subsequent marital breakdown could be attributed to these underlying doubts , rather than the ‘ destructive ’ experience of cohabitation .
it may be that some couples cohabit initially because they are uncertain about the strength of their relationship so their [later] marital breakdown could be attributed to these underlying doubts , rather than the ‘ destructive ’ experience of cohabitation .

For example , if users hold excessive expectations about whether accounts can indicate subsequent financial collapse , that will create an expectations gap regardless of what auditors can or should do about it .
for example , if users hold excessive expectations about whether accounts can indicate [later] financial collapse , that will create an expectations gap regardless of what auditors can or should do about it .

Minimum investment in each fund is £1,000 ( £100 subsequent ) .
minimum investment in each fund is £1,000 ( £100 [later] ) .

Subsequent valuation of a pension scheme
[later] valuation of a pension scheme

Any such contributions do not therefore act to reduce subsequent gains on disposal .
any such contributions do not therefore act to reduce [later] gains on disposal .

Again , it is limited but it shows that an audit failure is three times as likely to occur in the first two years after a change in auditor as in subsequent years .
again , it is limited but it shows that an audit failure is three times as likely to occur in the first two years after a change in auditor as in [later] years .

Not only was the Institute 's working party on small company audits unrepresentative ( seven of its eight members were in practice ) , but the subsequent circulation of and debate on the consultation paper has been concentrated mainly on practising members .
not only was the institute 's working party on small company audits unrepresentative ( seven of its eight members were in practice ) , but the [later] circulation of and debate on the consultation paper has been concentrated mainly on practising members .

His case for the prosecution is not new ; Relevance Lost opened the debate , and in the subsequent years many authors have followed to offer similar evidence .
his case for the prosecution is not new ; relevance lost opened the debate , and in the [later] years many authors have followed to offer similar evidence .

In the subsequent period when the operation does qualify as discontinued , the provisions should be used to offset the results of the operation in the discontinued category .
in the [later] period when the operation does qualify as discontinued , the provisions should be used to offset the results of the operation in the discontinued category .

The related disclosure in that subsequent period , however , should show the results of the discontinued operation under each of the statutory format headings , with the utilisation of the provision analysed as necessary between the operating loss and the loss on sale or termination of the discontinued operation and disclosed on the face of the p & l account immediately below the relevant items .
the related disclosure in that [later] period , however , should show the results of the discontinued operation under each of the statutory format headings , with the utilisation of the provision analysed as necessary between the operating loss and the loss on sale or termination of the discontinued operation and disclosed on the face of the p & l account immediately below the relevant items .

In subsequent penalty proceedings , the taxpayer challenged the validity of the notice .
in [later] penalty proceedings , the taxpayer challenged the validity of the notice .

At his subsequent trial , Benjamin Hayler , a 23 year old labourer , married with two children , gave one of the rare insights historians have into the individual perceptions of the poor :
at his [later] trial , benjamin hayler , a 23 year old labourer , married with two children , gave one of the rare insights historians have into the individual perceptions of the poor :

As a result of this and subsequent deliberations it was agreed to form a local defence force consisting of 60 cavalrymen , who were to extend their protection ‘ … as far as any adjoining town not exceeding 20 miles distance from Frome ’ , together with 100 infantry .
as a result of this and [later] deliberations it was agreed to form a local defence force consisting of 60 cavalrymen , who were to extend their protection ‘ … as far as any adjoining town not exceeding 20 miles distance from frome ’ , together with 100 infantry .

In other words , the very learning process implies a focus on form as a necessary condition for the subsequent focus on meaning .
in other words , the very learning process implies a focus on form as a necessary condition for the [later] focus on meaning .

As will become apparent in subsequent chapters , many ideas relating to the teaching of languages have a more common currency across the curriculum — ideas like the creative classroom and task-based learning , for example , and the need to resolve the competing claims of teacher authority and learner autonomy .
as will become apparent in [later] chapters , many ideas relating to the teaching of languages have a more common currency across the curriculum — ideas like the creative classroom and task-based learning , for example , and the need to resolve the competing claims of teacher authority and learner autonomy .

Although this case obviously did not concern accountants directly , it proved crucial to subsequent claims against them .
although this case obviously did not concern accountants directly , it proved crucial to [later] claims against them .

The purpose here essentially is to outline what we know as a prelude to tackling the themes and patterns which emerge in a more analytical way in subsequent chapters .
the purpose here essentially is to outline what we know as a prelude to tackling the themes and patterns which emerge in a more analytical way in [later] chapters .

Remarkably , the subsequent behaviour leaves the pulsar rotating more slowly after 50 days than it would have done in the absence of the glitch .
remarkably , the [later] behaviour leaves the pulsar rotating more slowly after 50 days than it would have done in the absence of the glitch .

The subsequent transformation to a food-producing economy was rapid but not uniform ; some localities continued to use wild plants long after the domestic forms were used in adjacent areas , but by 8,000yrBP domestic wheat and barley were in general use throughout the Levant .
the [later] transformation to a food-producing economy was rapid but not uniform ; some localities continued to use wild plants long after the domestic forms were used in adjacent areas , but by 8,000yrbp domestic wheat and barley were in general use throughout the levant .

Subsequent attempts to model this in terms of winds driven by Alfvén waves met with limited success , but interest is now developing in a theoretical approach involving reflection of Alfvén waves .
[later] attempts to model this in terms of winds driven by alfvén waves met with limited success , but interest is now developing in a theoretical approach involving reflection of alfvén waves .

The dissociation between severe left neglect and intact figure-ground segregation strongly supports recent models of normal visual function , which postulate a preattentive segregation stage providing candidate objects to a subsequent attentional stage .
the dissociation between severe left neglect and intact figure-ground segregation strongly supports recent models of normal visual function , which postulate a preattentive segregation stage providing candidate objects to a [later] attentional stage .

The velum develops from the same embryonic segment as the mandibular arch , and part of its skeleton is located more medially than that of subsequent arches .
the velum develops from the same embryonic segment as the mandibular arch , and part of its skeleton is located more medially than that of [later] arches .

The reconciliation of this idea with what is known of subsequent evolutionary events remains problematic ( Fig .
the reconciliation of this idea with what is known of [later] evolutionary events remains problematic ( fig .

Using identical conditions , it has been shown that injection of a single mitochondrion ( containing 10mtDNA molecules ) into cells results in the complete repopulation of the recipient cells with mtDNA and permits their subsequent proliferation in the absence of pyrimidines .
using identical conditions , it has been shown that injection of a single mitochondrion ( containing 10mtdna molecules ) into cells results in the complete repopulation of the recipient cells with mtdna and permits their [later] proliferation in the absence of pyrimidines .

If the intrusion does not have time to freeze before subsequent or continued injection , then the ‘ lubricated ’ region may channel magma towards the eventual eruption site .
if the intrusion does not have time to freeze before [later] or continued injection , then the ‘ lubricated ’ region may channel magma towards the eventual eruption site .

Subsequent detailed analyses of the motions of the atomic hydrogen gas in the plane supported this proposal .
[later] detailed analyses of the motions of the atomic hydrogen gas in the plane supported this proposal .

Subsequent timing observations have shown the pulsar to be in a 5.74-day circular orbit with a low-mass companion .
[later] timing observations have shown the pulsar to be in a 5.74-day circular orbit with a low-mass companion .

Furthermore , the formation of mats of diatoms and their subsequent sinking distorts the normal carbonate-silica cyclicity observed .
furthermore , the formation of mats of diatoms and their [later] sinking distorts the normal carbonate-silica cyclicity observed .

The potential gain if one was ‘ exceptional ’ , however , and qualified for an early release is so powerful that few men are prepared to forego it The result is a shabby , futile process that Probation Officers feel makes subsequent work with inmates more difficult , that exasperates prison officers who see the time and energy in compiling reports as wasted , and infuriates prisoners for whom the probable refusal of parole , with its tiny element of uncertainty , makes prison life even harder to bear .
the potential gain if one was ‘ exceptional ’ , however , and qualified for an early release is so powerful that few men are prepared to forego it the result is a shabby , futile process that probation officers feel makes [later] work with inmates more difficult , that exasperates prison officers who see the time and energy in compiling reports as wasted , and infuriates prisoners for whom the probable refusal of parole , with its tiny element of uncertainty , makes prison life even harder to bear .

While the subsequent Council of Trent greatly strengthened the moral , pastoral and even intellectual life of the Church , it was reluctant to accept any part of the Protestant doctrinal and institutional critique .
while the [later] council of trent greatly strengthened the moral , pastoral and even intellectual life of the church , it was reluctant to accept any part of the protestant doctrinal and institutional critique .

This brief statement is fundamental for all subsequent Catholic involvement in the ecumenical movement and provides the foundation stone for the Decree on Ecumenism .
this brief statement is fundamental for all [later] catholic involvement in the ecumenical movement and provides the foundation stone for the decree on ecumenism .

Beccaria 's classical criminology is universally attributed with a powerful influence over subsequent developments in the criminal justice systems of most European countries .
beccaria 's classical criminology is universally attributed with a powerful influence over [later] developments in the criminal justice systems of most european countries .

But , as Jeffery and Matza rightly point out , this exclusion was to characterise all subsequent positivist criminology .
but , as jeffery and matza rightly point out , this exclusion was to characterise all [later] positivist criminology .

Or rather , they laid down specific principles that were to be more or less taken for granted by subsequent positivists .
or rather , they laid down specific principles that were to be more or less taken for granted by [later] positivists .

Similarly , if the police believed ( thanks to psychological theories ) that ‘ real ’ delinquents came from broken or otherwise disrupted homes , it could be that they would be more likely to take official action against offenders from such backgrounds , with the result that subsequent analysis of official ‘ delinquents ’ would automatically confirm the theories .
similarly , if the police believed ( thanks to psychological theories ) that ‘ real ’ delinquents came from broken or otherwise disrupted homes , it could be that they would be more likely to take official action against offenders from such backgrounds , with the result that [later] analysis of official ‘ delinquents ’ would automatically confirm the theories .

However , even in Hirschi 's formulation , the social context that was considered was a fairly narrow one and , in subsequent developments , became narrower still .
however , even in hirschi 's formulation , the social context that was considered was a fairly narrow one and , in [later] developments , became narrower still .

But this has only been at the ‘ official ’ level ; as Sykes ( 1958 ) and many subsequent studies have shown , loss of a sense of physical security is still one of the major ‘ pains of imprisonment ’ as perceived by inmates .
but this has only been at the ‘ official ’ level ; as sykes ( 1958 ) and many [later] studies have shown , loss of a sense of physical security is still one of the major ‘ pains of imprisonment ’ as perceived by inmates .

Although Strathclyde 's operational costs were met , the region is still negotiating with the Scottish Office and Orkney Council over the subsequent legal and administrative costs of the inquiry , estimated at about £450,000 .
although strathclyde 's operational costs were met , the region is still negotiating with the scottish office and orkney council over the [later] legal and administrative costs of the inquiry , estimated at about £450,000 .

The boom in house prices in the 1980s powered the subsequent surge in inflation , and hence the recession .
the boom in house prices in the 1980s powered the [later] surge in inflation , and hence the recession .

As we shall see in subsequent chapters , a wide range of managerial decision making was subject to ministerial intervention , while over substantial areas of ‘ general ’ policy ministerial views made no significant impact .
as we shall see in [later] chapters , a wide range of managerial decision making was subject to ministerial intervention , while over substantial areas of ‘ general ’ policy ministerial views made no significant impact .

Cecil Melling , the chairman of the Eastern Board , drew the inevitable lesson , and in a subsequent year overspent his budget by as much as 12 per cent .
cecil melling , the chairman of the eastern board , drew the inevitable lesson , and in a [later] year overspent his budget by as much as 12 per cent .

Subsequent criticism of inadequate standardisation suggests indeed that there was some sensitivity to the benefits of using the remaining economic life of non-standard systems and older equipment within Boards .
[later] criticism of inadequate standardisation suggests indeed that there was some sensitivity to the benefits of using the remaining economic life of non-standard systems and older equipment within boards .

Most subsequent studies have shown the difficulty of measuring the price response of demand .
most [later] studies have shown the difficulty of measuring the price response of demand .

This conservatism was arguably excessive , given the subsequent relatively trouble-free experience of most of the innovations in power station design which might realistically have been on the agenda at this time .
this conservatism was arguably excessive , given the [later] relatively trouble-free experience of most of the innovations in power station design which might realistically have been on the agenda at this time .

He will attach conditions to be met before subsequent annual renewals , probably about China 's behaviour on human rights .
he will attach conditions to be met before [later] annual renewals , probably about china 's behaviour on human rights .

He devotes more space to a subsequent altercation between Brown and an Israeli journalist .
he devotes more space to a [later] altercation between brown and an israeli journalist .

Although the opposition boycotted the subsequent legislative election , in protest at alleged irregularities during the presidential election , Ghana remains the darling of British aid overseers , getting more aid than any other African country except Zimbabwe .
although the opposition boycotted the [later] legislative election , in protest at alleged irregularities during the presidential election , ghana remains the darling of british aid overseers , getting more aid than any other african country except zimbabwe .

Should an apparent truce in Bosnia lead to the sending of substantial peacekeeping forces , the subsequent breakdown of such an agreement would trigger acute pressures for sending sufficient troops to achieve peacemaking ( ‘ smothering the war by force ’ ) .
should an apparent truce in bosnia lead to the sending of substantial peacekeeping forces , the [later] breakdown of such an agreement would trigger acute pressures for sending sufficient troops to achieve peacemaking ( ‘ smothering the war by force ’ ) .

Whatever the gentleman in question might feel about the Hanoverian monarchy and the Jacobite cause he could , in the circumstances , hardly refuse to take the oaths to Government and cast his vote for his friend in a subsequent election .
whatever the gentleman in question might feel about the hanoverian monarchy and the jacobite cause he could , in the circumstances , hardly refuse to take the oaths to government and cast his vote for his friend in a [later] election .

The threat , however , was apparent from the outset , for Montrose 's enemies the Campbells had been actively attempting to disappoint the duke 's recommendation , and were thus well placed to take full advantage of any subsequent trouble to strengthen Argyll 's following and weaken the interest of the family of Montrose .
the threat , however , was apparent from the outset , for montrose 's enemies the campbells had been actively attempting to disappoint the duke 's recommendation , and were thus well placed to take full advantage of any [later] trouble to strengthen argyll 's following and weaken the interest of the family of montrose .

Nursing and medical intervention is therefore dependent on parental notification , and subsequent care , particularly in relation to young children , can often be exercised only through the parents .
nursing and medical intervention is therefore dependent on parental notification , and [later] care , particularly in relation to young children , can often be exercised only through the parents .

It is suggested that views diverge on the central question of the rights of parents to custody and control of their children in relation to the right of the state ( acting through courts and social work agencies ) to intervene in the parent-child relationship , to remove children from their parents , to allocate their care and control to other parties , and to determine their subsequent upbringing .
it is suggested that views diverge on the central question of the rights of parents to custody and control of their children in relation to the right of the state ( acting through courts and social work agencies ) to intervene in the parent-child relationship , to remove children from their parents , to allocate their care and control to other parties , and to determine their [later] upbringing .

The formal duties of the conference are to decide whether or not to place a child 's name on the Child Protection Register and , if so , to appoint a ‘ key worker ’ who then assumes the main responsibility for overall coordination of any subsequent work with the child and the family .
the formal duties of the conference are to decide whether or not to place a child 's name on the child protection register and , if so , to appoint a ‘ key worker ’ who then assumes the main responsibility for overall coordination of any [later] work with the child and the family .

The move away from residential to alternative family care shaped the form of subsequent endeavours to help children .
the move away from residential to alternative family care shaped the form of [later] endeavours to help children .

Subsequent investigation by Daiwa revealed that securities certificates belonging to three of its corporate clients had been removed from custody in its Kunitachi branch safe to be used as collateral .
[later] investigation by daiwa revealed that securities certificates belonging to three of its corporate clients had been removed from custody in its kunitachi branch safe to be used as collateral .

The subsequent 18 months have brought mutual disenchantment .
the [later] 18 months have brought mutual disenchantment .

This widening definition of what it is to be human , couched in sociologically aware terms , runs throughout the responses , and is further expressed in attitudes to amniocentesis and abortion in subsequent pregnancies .
this widening definition of what it is to be human , couched in sociologically aware terms , runs throughout the responses , and is further expressed in attitudes to amniocentesis and abortion in [later] pregnancies .

And certainly n the case of Holland 's subsequent defeat by Switzerland , that may have been the crucial factor .
and certainly n the case of holland 's [later] defeat by switzerland , that may have been the crucial factor .

Divorced people almost always nursed a fierce and secret fascination for the subsequent doings of their former partners .
divorced people almost always nursed a fierce and secret fascination for the [later] doings of their former partners .

On subsequent nights their fumblings in the darkness were equally painful and messy .
on [later] nights their fumblings in the darkness were equally painful and messy .

In the event , the letter to Anselm containing the passionate phrases condemning lay investiture which have just been quoted , had no effect on the subsequent negotiations .
in the event , the letter to anselm containing the passionate phrases condemning lay investiture which have just been quoted , had no effect on the [later] negotiations .

Subsequent cleaning revealed both Veronese 's original colours and the extent to which later overpainting had been carried out .
[later] cleaning revealed both veronese 's original colours and the extent to which later overpainting had been carried out .

That 's something you documented in some detail in subsequent records .
that 's something you documented in some detail in [later] records .

The production is adequate , but by concentrating on tight arrangements , spontaneity is lost , and there is a subsequent lack of immediacy .
the production is adequate , but by concentrating on tight arrangements , spontaneity is lost , and there is a [later] lack of immediacy .

At this point it should be remembered that the proportion of the population which any particular age cohort constitutes during its lifetime is not only or indeed not mainly a function of its own initial size and subsequent mortality rate : it also depends upon the absolute size of all other cohorts and their mortality rates .
at this point it should be remembered that the proportion of the population which any particular age cohort constitutes during its lifetime is not only or indeed not mainly a function of its own initial size and [later] mortality rate : it also depends upon the absolute size of all other cohorts and their mortality rates .

The subsequent depression-hit fifteen years was a period of very slow progress in welfare innovation , particularly in the case of pensions .
the [later] depression-hit fifteen years was a period of very slow progress in welfare innovation , particularly in the case of pensions .

They lost Canadian prop Szabo for talking back to the referee in the second half and his subsequent one-game suspension meant he could not play against Waikato .
they lost canadian prop szabo for talking back to the referee in the second half and his [later] one-game suspension meant he could not play against waikato .

And what about Hawkeye , this cowboy and Indian who became John Wayne ? Does n't the suppression of his Indian side in subsequent Western stories suggest a certain national … schizophrenia ?
and what about hawkeye , this cowboy and indian who became john wayne ? does n't the suppression of his indian side in [later] western stories suggest a certain national … schizophrenia ?

Other museums take note ; only by use of technical knowledge such as that displayed here is it possible to build an honest and complete picture of the origin and subsequent vicissitudes of any object .
other museums take note ; only by use of technical knowledge such as that displayed here is it possible to build an honest and complete picture of the origin and [later] vicissitudes of any object .

Then subsequent research by Maryan Ainsworth revealed the mechanical underdrawing of the Met 's panel , done without changes , and probably taken from a pattern or tracing .
then [later] research by maryan ainsworth revealed the mechanical underdrawing of the met 's panel , done without changes , and probably taken from a pattern or tracing .

Light on branches can be overlaid with the yellow and white acrylic paint used with a dry brush technique , followed by subsequent washes .
light on branches can be overlaid with the yellow and white acrylic paint used with a dry brush technique , followed by [later] washes .

Children 's first experiences of learning English at the primary level colour the whole of their subsequent language learning development .
children 's first experiences of learning english at the primary level colour the whole of their [later] language learning development .

It was left to a subsequent generation to accept the often-skewed lens of the commercial motion picture camera as it focused upon the events of December 7 , 1941 .
it was left to a [later] generation to accept the often-skewed lens of the commercial motion picture camera as it focused upon the events of december 7 , 1941 .

James Sadler made only one subsequent aerial visit to the region , that being to Deken 's Lodge , Pickworth , near Stamford , which was the termination point for the first flight from Nottingham made in 1813 .
james sadler made only one [later] aerial visit to the region , that being to deken 's lodge , pickworth , near stamford , which was the termination point for the first flight from nottingham made in 1813 .

News from missionaries , investigative visits and subsequent writing on the West Indies by Charles Stuart , Joseph Sturge and others provided the kind of detail which permitted attacks on the operation of the system as too little different from slavery to be supported as substantial progress .
news from missionaries , investigative visits and [later] writing on the west indies by charles stuart , joseph sturge and others provided the kind of detail which permitted attacks on the operation of the system as too little different from slavery to be supported as substantial progress .

And to a large extent the subsequent history of theology has been determined by the struggle to find the balance between them and to chart a course which will take proper cognisance both of the demands of the inner human self and of the need to hear and recognise the voice that speaks to us from beyond ourselves .
and to a large extent the [later] history of theology has been determined by the struggle to find the balance between them and to chart a course which will take proper cognisance both of the demands of the inner human self and of the need to hear and recognise the voice that speaks to us from beyond ourselves .

As we shall see , both options have been taken up in subsequent thinking .
as we shall see , both options have been taken up in [later] thinking .

Might not Jesus himself have been rather different from the picture given of him in the gospels and the subsequent teaching of the church ?
might not jesus himself have been rather different from the picture given of him in the gospels and the [later] teaching of the church ?

( It is also remarkable how commonly ideas similar to his have kept re-surfacing up to the present day , often without any apparent awareness on the part of their authors that Schleiermacher had already developed them , or that the subsequent movement of theology was to expose serious inadequacies in them . )
( it is also remarkable how commonly ideas similar to his have kept re-surfacing up to the present day , often without any apparent awareness on the part of their authors that schleiermacher had already developed them , or that the [later] movement of theology was to expose serious inadequacies in them . )

In this new study , Baur made considerable use of Hegel 's dialectical conception , finding the New Testament to reflect , not a homogeneous movement , but a conflict between an earlier , Petrine theology and a later , Pauline type , which the later New Testament documents were attempting dialectical movement in the development of the church and theology in subsequent ages .
in this new study , baur made considerable use of hegel 's dialectical conception , finding the new testament to reflect , not a homogeneous movement , but a conflict between an earlier , petrine theology and a later , pauline type , which the later new testament documents were attempting dialectical movement in the development of the church and theology in [later] ages .

His profound psychological insight owed a great deal to a neurotic streak , and it was no accident that one of his contributions to subsequent technical terminology was the term Angst ( ‘ dread ’ ) , and that he published books with such titles as The Concept of Dread , Fear and Trembling and The Sickness unto Death .
his profound psychological insight owed a great deal to a neurotic streak , and it was no accident that one of his contributions to [later] technical terminology was the term angst ( ‘ dread ’ ) , and that he published books with such titles as the concept of dread , fear and trembling and the sickness unto death .

’ And Schweitzer 's own subsequent work in Africa , whose guiding principle he described as ‘ reverence for life ’ , stands as a monument to his understanding of what that spirit and that following meant .
’ and schweitzer 's own [later] work in africa , whose guiding principle he described as ‘ reverence for life ’ , stands as a monument to his understanding of what that spirit and that following meant .

The contributors all came from the Anglo-Catholic wing of the Church of England , but their shared aim was to assist the re-expression of the central Christian doctrines in a way that would be appropriate to their own time , and that would take account of the historical character both of the Bible and of subsequent theology .
the contributors all came from the anglo-catholic wing of the church of england , but their shared aim was to assist the re-expression of the central christian doctrines in a way that would be appropriate to their own time , and that would take account of the historical character both of the bible and of [later] theology .

These questions have lost nothing of their force in the decades since 1914 as subsequent conflicts have contributed their own appalling demonstration of man 's capacity for inhumanity , and as a new sensitivity has developed to the dilemmas facing the human race and to the degree of inequality and injustice in human affairs in general .
these questions have lost nothing of their force in the decades since 1914 as [later] conflicts have contributed their own appalling demonstration of man 's capacity for inhumanity , and as a new sensitivity has developed to the dilemmas facing the human race and to the degree of inequality and injustice in human affairs in general .

Yet their cultural position both for contemporaries and subsequent historians was complex and again is directly relevant to any understanding of the movies .
yet their cultural position both for contemporaries and [later] historians was complex and again is directly relevant to any understanding of the movies .

The general social and political advantages of the newly enlarged audiences were obvious but in cultural terms what was really significant as far as the subsequent history of the movies was concerned was that the showmen who made and presented the movies were no longer thinking in terms of a homogeneous or class audience .
the general social and political advantages of the newly enlarged audiences were obvious but in cultural terms what was really significant as far as the [later] history of the movies was concerned was that the showmen who made and presented the movies were no longer thinking in terms of a homogeneous or class audience .

In their publicity for the film , Warner Bros boasted of the way in which the story had grown out of an actual incident and of Judge Musmanno 's involvement in the subsequent litigation , and also of how ex-miners had been brought in to ensure authentic mining scenes .
in their publicity for the film , warner bros boasted of the way in which the story had grown out of an actual incident and of judge musmanno 's involvement in the [later] litigation , and also of how ex-miners had been brought in to ensure authentic mining scenes .

The actual movie starts with a stock all-purpose flash of a steel-mill although the subsequent factory shots are quite obviously a Burbank studio .
the actual movie starts with a stock all-purpose flash of a steel-mill although the [later] factory shots are quite obviously a burbank studio .

Chafe ( 1977 ) too has examined the problem of explaining people 's understanding and subsequent recall of stories or events .
chafe ( 1977 ) too has examined the problem of explaining people 's understanding and [later] recall of stories or events .

The consequent problems are seen at every stage of subsequent development as the parents struggle to learn signing because their children were not ‘ good enough ’ to progress normally , and as the children have to come to terms not only with deafness but with the community of deaf people which has been shunned by their families .
the consequent problems are seen at every stage of [later] development as the parents struggle to learn signing because their children were not ‘ good enough ’ to progress normally , and as the children have to come to terms not only with deafness but with the community of deaf people which has been shunned by their families .

Again this draws on the subject of mainstreaming , and the subsequent questions raised , ( b-e ) deal with the actual level of functioning of children and other teachers in those circumstances .
again this draws on the subject of mainstreaming , and the [later] questions raised , ( b-e ) deal with the actual level of functioning of children and other teachers in those circumstances .

The sheet can be weighted down with sand or stones at the edges , and it should be left in place for three days , by which time it will be safe to commence subsequent building work .
the sheet can be weighted down with sand or stones at the edges , and it should be left in place for three days , by which time it will be safe to commence [later] building work .

Caution must be shown when reviewing the progressive eradication of the colour line and the subsequent successes of blacks in many fields of sport .
caution must be shown when reviewing the progressive eradication of the colour line and the [later] successes of blacks in many fields of sport .

He and subsequent champions refused to defend their titles against blacks .
he and [later] champions refused to defend their titles against blacks .

The school is the springboard for sport and , even if commitments are made in later years , early involvement and subsequent progress are important in launching an interest .
the school is the springboard for sport and , even if commitments are made in later years , early involvement and [later] progress are important in launching an interest .

If he is n't given anything , the subsequent events occur in much the same manner anyway .
if he is n't given anything , the [later] events occur in much the same manner anyway .

In a subsequent postscript ( Kerr et al .
in a [later] postscript ( kerr et al .

Subsequently , in the absence of major dislocations such as war or revolution , the provisions appear to show a good deal of tenacity , retaining many of their early characteristics despite subsequent evolution .
subsequently , in the absence of major dislocations such as war or revolution , the provisions appear to show a good deal of tenacity , retaining many of their early characteristics despite [later] evolution .

These differences are in turn related to variations in economic and socio-political conditions which existed during the unions ' formative period and in their subsequent historical development .
these differences are in turn related to variations in economic and socio-political conditions which existed during the unions ' formative period and in their [later] historical development .

Its trade unions have a structural complexity similar to that in Britain as a result of ‘ the movement 's craft origins , the subsequent grafting on of semi-skilled and unskilled employees [ and ] flirtation with industry unionism ’ ( Cupper and Hearn , 1981 , p. 25 ) .
its trade unions have a structural complexity similar to that in britain as a result of ‘ the movement 's craft origins , the [later] grafting on of semi-skilled and unskilled employees [ and ] flirtation with industry unionism ’ ( cupper and hearn , 1981 , p. 25 ) .

Unions became registered , thereby conferring access to an arbitration tribunal , and once registered they were largely protected from the emergence of new , rival organisations.8 As a result , the system of registration led to the early establishment and subsequent continuation of a large number of small unions and , as a secondary consequence , helped to impede amalgamation and union rationalisation .
unions became registered , thereby conferring access to an arbitration tribunal , and once registered they were largely protected from the emergence of new , rival organisations.8 as a result , the system of registration led to the early establishment and [later] continuation of a large number of small unions and , as a secondary consequence , helped to impede amalgamation and union rationalisation .

The importance of the formative stages of unionism in determining structural features ( which are themselves closely related to function and objectives ) and in giving direction to subsequent developments has also been emphasised .
the importance of the formative stages of unionism in determining structural features ( which are themselves closely related to function and objectives ) and in giving direction to [later] developments has also been emphasised .

Much of the work of these and other ‘ revisionist ’ historians has proved invaluable , and many of their findings have been incorporated into subsequent chapters of this book .
much of the work of these and other ‘ revisionist ’ historians has proved invaluable , and many of their findings have been incorporated into [later] chapters of this book .

This controversy will be discussed in more detail in subsequent chapters .
this controversy will be discussed in more detail in [later] chapters .

In so doing , they probably constituted the most important single cause of the subsequent civil war and revolution .
in so doing , they probably constituted the most important single cause of the [later] civil war and revolution .

It was an arena perfectly adapted to pomp and circumstance and was to witness many subsequent celebrations of the successes of the English nation as it grew to become a dominant world power .
it was an arena perfectly adapted to pomp and circumstance and was to witness many [later] celebrations of the successes of the english nation as it grew to become a dominant world power .

Frederick 's rejection of this sensible advice and subsequent acceptance of the Bohemian crown sparked off a series of events which culminated in the Thirty Years ' War .
frederick 's rejection of this sensible advice and [later] acceptance of the bohemian crown sparked off a series of events which culminated in the thirty years ' war .

When the subsequent rise to power of the Independent New Model Army in the period following the end of the war prevented the English Presbyterians from delivering this promise , the Scots promptly looked elsewhere .
when the [later] rise to power of the independent new model army in the period following the end of the war prevented the english presbyterians from delivering this promise , the scots promptly looked elsewhere .

When in turn these fantasies foundered on Christina 's subsequent defection to Rome and her successor 's preoccupation with challenging his Protestant neighbours for supremacy in the Baltic , Cromwell resorted to the popular policy of war against England 's traditional enemy , Spain .
when in turn these fantasies foundered on christina 's [later] defection to rome and her successor 's preoccupation with challenging his protestant neighbours for supremacy in the baltic , cromwell resorted to the popular policy of war against england 's traditional enemy , spain .

During the subsequent forty years , witchcraft prosecutions reached unprecedented heights ; in Essex , where there was an unusually high incidence of trials , as many as 163 women were indicted between 1560 and 1600 , with roughly half of them being convicted and burnt .
during the [later] forty years , witchcraft prosecutions reached unprecedented heights ; in essex , where there was an unusually high incidence of trials , as many as 163 women were indicted between 1560 and 1600 , with roughly half of them being convicted and burnt .

In all their subsequent movements during the campaign , the Germans were immeasurably helped by the Russian staff practice — inexplicably naive even for the militarily inept — of sending radio messages and orders ‘ in clear ’ rather than in cypher .
in all their [later] movements during the campaign , the germans were immeasurably helped by the russian staff practice — inexplicably naive even for the militarily inept — of sending radio messages and orders ‘ in clear ’ rather than in cypher .

As long as the British had numerical superiority in ships , as long as Nelson 's unbroken string of victories remained unblemished by subsequent defeats , the authority of the Royal Navy was a generally accepted truth .
as long as the british had numerical superiority in ships , as long as nelson 's unbroken string of victories remained unblemished by [later] defeats , the authority of the royal navy was a generally accepted truth .

To leave these tracks was to risk death by drowning , and in the course of the subsequent fighting on several occasions both men and pack animals were lost in this way .
to leave these tracks was to risk death by drowning , and in the course of the [later] fighting on several occasions both men and pack animals were lost in this way .

Meredith Jones 's decision and subsequent determination are a remarkable tribute to him .
meredith jones 's decision and [later] determination are a remarkable tribute to him .

The three subsequent phase , each with their own special Accessory offers , will appear in the shops in the summer , until October .
the three [later] phase , each with their own special accessory offers , will appear in the shops in the summer , until october .

He had already shown his mettle on February 13 that year by leading what the Gable guide calls ‘ The archetypal Hard Severe ’ , namely the hand traverse variant on Pillar Rock 's North Climb . We get a flavour of this pitch — and those times — from an account of a subsequent ascent by Professor Norman Collie :
he had already shown his mettle on february 13 that year by leading what the gable guide calls ‘ the archetypal hard severe ’ , namely the hand traverse variant on pillar rock 's north climb . we get a flavour of this pitch — and those times — from an account of a [later] ascent by professor norman collie :

The fatality which happened during Fred Botterill 's subsequent attempt underlines the seriousness of the climb .
the fatality which happened during fred botterill 's [later] attempt underlines the seriousness of the climb .

That said , it is not so waterproof unless made so by the tanning process and subsequent treatment .
that said , it is not so waterproof unless made so by the tanning process and [later] treatment .

The French made Line 7s are not as high cut as the other two models and are especially low at the back of the heel to avoid pressure on the Achilles tendon and the subsequent risk of tendonitis .
the french made line 7s are not as high cut as the other two models and are especially low at the back of the heel to avoid pressure on the achilles tendon and the [later] risk of tendonitis .

That summer there was the Canadian raid on the French Channel port of Dieppe , with its consequent tragedies and subsequent lessons ( see Chapter 5 ) .
that summer there was the canadian raid on the french channel port of dieppe , with its consequent tragedies and [later] lessons ( see chapter 5 ) .

In the subsequent experience of the Church in exercising this ministry there have been many instances of failure , partial , delayed and temporary healing , reminding us that we live with the tension of the ‘ now ’ and the ‘ not yet ’ of the Kingdom .
in the [later] experience of the church in exercising this ministry there have been many instances of failure , partial , delayed and temporary healing , reminding us that we live with the tension of the ‘ now ’ and the ‘ not yet ’ of the kingdom .

Such was the experience of the believers through subsequent years ( 2 Thess .
such was the experience of the believers through [later] years ( 2 thess .

In subsequent years when you prepare your gains and losses bar charts you will then have objective data on which to evaluate the effectiveness of your plans .
in [later] years when you prepare your gains and losses bar charts you will then have objective data on which to evaluate the effectiveness of your plans .

His relationship with his disciples prior to the crucifixion provides a model for the fellowship that believers are to enjoy in subsequent centuries .
his relationship with his disciples prior to the crucifixion provides a model for the fellowship that believers are to enjoy in [later] centuries .

This initial contact can then be followed up through subsequent casual encounters in the street or at the local shops , and through an invitation to a coffee-chat or meal to meet other neighbours .
this initial contact can then be followed up through [later] casual encounters in the street or at the local shops , and through an invitation to a coffee-chat or meal to meet other neighbours .

Subsequent events bore out my impression .
[later] events bore out my impression .

The general consensus between the leaders of the Conservative and Labour parties made easy the initial reckless imposition of ‘ direct rule ’ from Westminster and at every subsequent stage has provided the basis for a bipartisan policy under which the party in opposition has supported the measures taken in Ulster by the one in office .
the general consensus between the leaders of the conservative and labour parties made easy the initial reckless imposition of ‘ direct rule ’ from westminster and at every [later] stage has provided the basis for a bipartisan policy under which the party in opposition has supported the measures taken in ulster by the one in office .

The Whitelaw and subsequent ‘ direct rule ’ administrations depended heavily on the friendly co-operation of the British majority in Ulster .
the whitelaw and [later] ‘ direct rule ’ administrations depended heavily on the friendly co-operation of the british majority in ulster .

13.1 The Proprietor if called upon to do so by the Publisher agrees to prepare subsequent editions of the Work .
13.1 the proprietor if called upon to do so by the publisher agrees to prepare [later] editions of the work .

These initial samples will be used as the guidelines for any such packaging , advertising , labelling and the like on any subsequent Licensed Products to be published and shall not be materially changed by without 's written approval .
these initial samples will be used as the guidelines for any such packaging , advertising , labelling and the like on any [later] licensed products to be published and shall not be materially changed by without 's written approval .

13.1 The Company if called upon to do so by the Publisher shall procure that the Authors prepare subsequent editions of the Work .
13.1 the company if called upon to do so by the publisher shall procure that the authors prepare [later] editions of the work .

The consequence is , however , that much of the subsequent work on labourism has directed attention to the nature of the party , as if the two were coterminous .
the consequence is , however , that much of the [later] work on labourism has directed attention to the nature of the party , as if the two were coterminous .

Recognition of the way in which this rhetoric drew upon previous discourses and defined the nature of authority relationships provides a more secure interpretation of the chronology of chartism 's rise and subsequent demise than can accounts describing it as merely an expression of acute social and economic deprivation .
recognition of the way in which this rhetoric drew upon previous discourses and defined the nature of authority relationships provides a more secure interpretation of the chronology of chartism 's rise and [later] demise than can accounts describing it as merely an expression of acute social and economic deprivation .

So rapid had been the settlement and subsequent expansion that by the outbreak of the first world war few suitable sites remained to attract new industry .
so rapid had been the settlement and [later] expansion that by the outbreak of the first world war few suitable sites remained to attract new industry .

This majority was increased in subsequent elections , and the Labour Party came to command a seemingly unassailable authority over local politics that lasted until 1965 , when the borough amalgamated with East Ham into Newham , and thereafter .
this majority was increased in [later] elections , and the labour party came to command a seemingly unassailable authority over local politics that lasted until 1965 , when the borough amalgamated with east ham into newham , and thereafter .

The subsequent election witnessed easy victories for coalition candidates in the north of the borough .
the [later] election witnessed easy victories for coalition candidates in the north of the borough .

But also the whole agenda of maternity and child welfare and its subsequent implementation was promoted by the guild .
but also the whole agenda of maternity and child welfare and its [later] implementation was promoted by the guild .

Prior to the election Labour had twenty-eight seats and the Alliance twenty , now it stood at thirty-six and twenty-four respectively , and after the by-elections subsequent to the election of aldermen , forty and twenty-four .
prior to the election labour had twenty-eight seats and the alliance twenty , now it stood at thirty-six and twenty-four respectively , and after the by-elections [later] to the election of aldermen , forty and twenty-four .

Although she accompanied Anne to most of her subsequent meetings with the royal family , Joan did so as an adjunct , a chaperon , to the elder girl .
although she accompanied anne to most of her [later] meetings with the royal family , joan did so as an adjunct , a chaperon , to the elder girl .

The book had a strange subsequent history in that five distinct editions , totalling perhaps 50,000 copies , were reprinted for use by the Federal troops in the American Civil War ( 1861–65 ) , more than two hundred years after the other Civil War .
the book had a strange [later] history in that five distinct editions , totalling perhaps 50,000 copies , were reprinted for use by the federal troops in the american civil war ( 1861–65 ) , more than two hundred years after the other civil war .

Much cheaper is the subsequent Birmingham printing of 1769–71 , which will normally hover between £100 and £200 .
much cheaper is the [later] birmingham printing of 1769–71 , which will normally hover between £100 and £200 .

Marx and Engels ' thought progressively acquired the character of Holy Writ from which quotations were exhaustively ransacked to legitimate all subsequent applications of ‘ Marxist ’ ideas .
marx and engels ' thought progressively acquired the character of holy writ from which quotations were exhaustively ransacked to legitimate all [later] applications of ‘ marxist ’ ideas .

Of course Marxists can point to Allende 's subsequent overthrow by the Chilean military to help demonstrate that peaceful socialist transformation will not be permitted .
of course marxists can point to allende 's [later] overthrow by the chilean military to help demonstrate that peaceful socialist transformation will not be permitted .

The policy of Norman and the Cunliffe Committee succeeded in placing economic and financial policy in a straitjacket between 1918 and 1931 , severely limiting all subsequent British governments in the 1920s .
the policy of norman and the cunliffe committee succeeded in placing economic and financial policy in a straitjacket between 1918 and 1931 , severely limiting all [later] british governments in the 1920s .

Although this synthesis of ideas has been rightly praised by subsequent historians and political commentators , Mosley came too realize during the later 1920s that such ideas could only partially solve Britain 's economic problems .
although this synthesis of ideas has been rightly praised by [later] historians and political commentators , mosley came too realize during the later 1920s that such ideas could only partially solve britain 's economic problems .

As a contributor to a recent survey on ‘ comparability in social research ’ , published under the auspices of the British Social Science Research Council , sagely observes : ‘ a great deal can go wrong at the recording stage which may make subsequent analysis difficult or even impossible ’ .
as a contributor to a recent survey on ‘ comparability in social research ’ , published under the auspices of the british social science research council , sagely observes : ‘ a great deal can go wrong at the recording stage which may make [later] analysis difficult or even impossible ’ .

Subsequent criticism of Radcliffe-Brown 's admirably clear analysis by Lévi-Strauss , Goody and Needham centres on his ‘ extension of sentiments ’ from primary ( e.g .
[later] criticism of radcliffe-brown 's admirably clear analysis by lévi-strauss , goody and needham centres on his ‘ extension of sentiments ’ from primary ( e.g .

However , subsequent thinkers have often seen his claim as in effect about the meaning of the word ‘ good ’ and Moore himself at times expresses himself thus .
however , [later] thinkers have often seen his claim as in effect about the meaning of the word ‘ good ’ and moore himself at times expresses himself thus .

Each must have clearly defined product specifications so that resulting objects are well planned and appropriate for subsequent reuse .
each must have clearly defined product specifications so that resulting objects are well planned and appropriate for [later] reuse .

The Act thus attempted to control the admissibility of such evidence in the courtroom for reasons not only for its biasing effects upon a jury , but also for subsequent press coverage , which is often based on courtroom interaction .
the act thus attempted to control the admissibility of such evidence in the courtroom for reasons not only for its biasing effects upon a jury , but also for [later] press coverage , which is often based on courtroom interaction .

These papers show connections and links between incidents in a drive towards the search and subsequent identification of a ‘ sex beast ’ .
these papers show connections and links between incidents in a drive towards the search and [later] identification of a ‘ sex beast ’ .

In the sample year ( 1985 ) , Malcolm Fairley , known as ‘ The Fox ’ , was sentenced at the end of February and immediately became a legendary sex beast to whom several subsequent reports explicitly referred .
in the sample year ( 1985 ) , malcolm fairley , known as ‘ the fox ’ , was sentenced at the end of february and immediately became a legendary sex beast to whom several [later] reports explicitly referred .

Sometimes it appeared that the police and the media were christening subsequent sex beasts as variants of The Fox , while , much more rarely , on other occasions it seemed to be the offender who took up the mantle .
sometimes it appeared that the police and the media were christening [later] sex beasts as variants of the fox , while , much more rarely , on other occasions it seemed to be the offender who took up the mantle .

In Sweden and Germany , tennis has flourished subsequent to the appearance of major champions , Borg and Becker respectively .
in sweden and germany , tennis has flourished [later] to the appearance of major champions , borg and becker respectively .

If screening procedures and subsequent medical investigations show the presence of significant visual handicap , it may be decided by the ophthalmologist that the child should be registered as blind or partially sighted .
if screening procedures and [later] medical investigations show the presence of significant visual handicap , it may be decided by the ophthalmologist that the child should be registered as blind or partially sighted .

Subsequent debates have tended to favour the Hobbesian view , arguing for institutions of authority , and dismissing Rousseau as a romantic utopianist who simply did not accept people for what they ‘ really are ’ .
[later] debates have tended to favour the hobbesian view , arguing for institutions of authority , and dismissing rousseau as a romantic utopianist who simply did not accept people for what they ‘ really are ’ .

, men compete over access to women and the subsequent offspring .
, men compete over access to women and the [later] offspring .

What is more , the same conduct may be subjected to a series of different interpretations as subsequent events show it to be part of a pattern of conduct or as an isolated instance , as implicating a wider or narrower range of social relationships , and so on .
what is more , the same conduct may be subjected to a series of different interpretations as [later] events show it to be part of a pattern of conduct or as an isolated instance , as implicating a wider or narrower range of social relationships , and so on .

Some males return to the ponds on subsequent nights , but because there are few females around , very little happens .
some males return to the ponds on [later] nights , but because there are few females around , very little happens .

It was apparent to Miss Wharton , on that first day , that he had never been inside a church before , but neither then nor on any subsequent visit did he evince the least curiosity about its purpose .
it was apparent to miss wharton , on that first day , that he had never been inside a church before , but neither then nor on any [later] visit did he evince the least curiosity about its purpose .

For the first time she found herself wondering whether he had resented not only Hugo but all the family , and whether that subsequent betrayal could have had long roots in the soil of an old envy .
for the first time she found herself wondering whether he had resented not only hugo but all the family , and whether that [later] betrayal could have had long roots in the soil of an old envy .

Yet is this really so — could European dominion , and the subsequent dominion of America , really be at the beginning of a decline ? And further , is it really possible — given the varieties of people , the gigantic distances and the vastly differing ideological systems to be found in the Pacific — that this part of the world could assume the mantle of leadership ? Could it triumph , with its Galileos , Einsteins , Picassos , Beethovens and Aristotles — thinkers and seers of Pacific origin , who will one day come to imprint their views and creations as firmly as did their Mediterranean and Atlantic forebears ?
yet is this really so — could european dominion , and the [later] dominion of america , really be at the beginning of a decline ? and further , is it really possible — given the varieties of people , the gigantic distances and the vastly differing ideological systems to be found in the pacific — that this part of the world could assume the mantle of leadership ? could it triumph , with its galileos , einsteins , picassos , beethovens and aristotles — thinkers and seers of pacific origin , who will one day come to imprint their views and creations as firmly as did their mediterranean and atlantic forebears ?

And so , some hours later in the Punitor Chapel , Lexandro was immersed in the ocean of pain once more — as were two other cadets , who had offended subsequent to their own detoxification through bloodshed .
and so , some hours later in the punitor chapel , lexandro was immersed in the ocean of pain once more — as were two other cadets , who had offended [later] to their own detoxification through bloodshed .

Also , the brain is probably very sensitive to the initial state — a small change in the initial state can mike a very large difference to subsequent behavior .
also , the brain is probably very sensitive to the initial state — a small change in the initial state can mike a very large difference to [later] behavior .

In order to simplify the agreement of rates and subsequent measurement of work with sub-contractors , it is common practice to use methods of measurements which conform neither with the bills of quantities nor with the standard method of measurement of building work .
in order to simplify the agreement of rates and [later] measurement of work with sub-contractors , it is common practice to use methods of measurements which conform neither with the bills of quantities nor with the standard method of measurement of building work .

Some conditions influence density and layout , while others merely affect design and the subsequent cost of house construction , including choice of materials such as bricks and tiles .
some conditions influence density and layout , while others merely affect design and the [later] cost of house construction , including choice of materials such as bricks and tiles .

( d ) Materials used via a builder 's store with subsequent double-handling may well result in additional costs of at least 25% .
( d ) materials used via a builder 's store with [later] double-handling may well result in additional costs of at least 25% .

Any inaccuracy in weekly measurements and subsequent payments to subcontractors will be translated directly into both the financial and cost accounts .
any inaccuracy in weekly measurements and [later] payments to subcontractors will be translated directly into both the financial and cost accounts .

Measurement and subsequent payment for work executed may take place at weekly , monthly , or at random intervals and therefore may not be related to the date of the main contract valuation or the builder 's costing periods .
measurement and [later] payment for work executed may take place at weekly , monthly , or at random intervals and therefore may not be related to the date of the main contract valuation or the builder 's costing periods .

His acceptance speech , in March 1985 , promised that the strategy worked out by the 26th Party Congress — over which Brezhnev had presided — and at subsequent meetings of the Central Committee would remain unchanged : a policy of the ‘ acceleration of the country 's socioeconomic development [ and ] the perfection of all aspects of the life of the society ’ .
his acceptance speech , in march 1985 , promised that the strategy worked out by the 26th party congress — over which brezhnev had presided — and at [later] meetings of the central committee would remain unchanged : a policy of the ‘ acceleration of the country 's socioeconomic development [ and ] the perfection of all aspects of the life of the society ’ .

On giving up as a player , Ken was a natural choice for chairman and , as he did at the end of every subsequent season , promised sweeping changes and League football by 1992 .
on giving up as a player , ken was a natural choice for chairman and , as he did at the end of every [later] season , promised sweeping changes and league football by 1992 .

Another syntactic feature of topic is that it controls anaphoric reference so that ( a ) once an element is announced as topic , this element may be omitted altogether in subsequent clauses , hence the proliferation of subjectless clauses in languages such as Chinese and Japanese ( see Chapter 6 , p. 185 , for an example of Japanese subjectless clauses ) , and ( b ) an element announced as topic overrides possible coreferential links with other elements in the sentence .
another syntactic feature of topic is that it controls anaphoric reference so that ( a ) once an element is announced as topic , this element may be omitted altogether in [later] clauses , hence the proliferation of subjectless clauses in languages such as chinese and japanese ( see chapter 6 , p. 185 , for an example of japanese subjectless clauses ) , and ( b ) an element announced as topic overrides possible coreferential links with other elements in the sentence .

Thus , le dollar américan will , in a subsequent lexicalisation , become le billet vert ; le Président de la Republique will become , as well as the anaphoric il , perhaps le chef de l'Etat or even l'Elysée .
thus , le dollar américan will , in a [later] lexicalisation , become le billet vert ; le président de la republique will become , as well as the anaphoric il , perhaps le chef de l'etat or even l'elysée .

And finally there is a third class of customer who knows that a brief telephone conversation with a skilled Matroc engineer and the subsequent follow-up are more effective than 50 pages of technical data — such customers are our life blood — as we are theirs .
and finally there is a third class of customer who knows that a brief telephone conversation with a skilled matroc engineer and the [later] follow-up are more effective than 50 pages of technical data — such customers are our life blood — as we are theirs .

Lastly we have a third group of customers who know that a brief telephone call with an experienced Matroc technician and the subsequent systematic processing would bring them significantly more than 50 pages of technical details . Our existence rests on such customers — and vice versa !
lastly we have a third group of customers who know that a brief telephone call with an experienced matroc technician and the [later] systematic processing would bring them significantly more than 50 pages of technical details . our existence rests on such customers — and vice versa !

Her subsequent unhappy reaction caused him to regret that he had inadvertently damaged her self-esteem by destroying part of her image of self which she presented to the world .
her [later] unhappy reaction caused him to regret that he had inadvertently damaged her self-esteem by destroying part of her image of self which she presented to the world .

James Milroy 's ( 1976 ) phonological analysis , which provided an essential basis for subsequent quantitative phonological work , drew both on the analyst 's intuition and on the pilot-study data .
james milroy 's ( 1976 ) phonological analysis , which provided an essential basis for [later] quantitative phonological work , drew both on the analyst 's intuition and on the pilot-study data .

Section 7.4 reviews some quantitative studies which have attempted to take over directly from phonology the notion of the semantically neutral variable , and in subsequent sections analyses of variation which explicitly take into account semantic and discourse factors are discussed .
section 7.4 reviews some quantitative studies which have attempted to take over directly from phonology the notion of the semantically neutral variable , and in [later] sections analyses of variation which explicitly take into account semantic and discourse factors are discussed .

Much subsequent work has tended to confirm both Thorns 's theoretically based and Pahl 's empirically based conclusions .
much [later] work has tended to confirm both thorns 's theoretically based and pahl 's empirically based conclusions .

For example , the width of the five grades is not consistent , and grade 3 not only accounts for about half the land , but also covers a much wider range of possibilities than , say , grade 1 ( Gilg , 1975a ) , and even the subsequent sub-division of grade 3 in the 1970s can not be applied objectively ( Worthington , 1982 ) .
for example , the width of the five grades is not consistent , and grade 3 not only accounts for about half the land , but also covers a much wider range of possibilities than , say , grade 1 ( gilg , 1975a ) , and even the [later] sub-division of grade 3 in the 1970s can not be applied objectively ( worthington , 1982 ) .

’ This certifying function was confirmed in a subsequent paragraph of Savary 's opinion .
’ this certifying function was confirmed in a [later] paragraph of savary 's opinion .

In such a situation , it is not uncommon for a trustee in bankruptcy to claim the cargo as an asset of the bankruptcy estate , thereby rendering subsequent negotiation of the bill and delivery of the goods uncertain .
in such a situation , it is not uncommon for a trustee in bankruptcy to claim the cargo as an asset of the bankruptcy estate , thereby rendering [later] negotiation of the bill and delivery of the goods uncertain .

Yet , such a house air waybill is not made available to the respective airline and does not bind either the airline responsible for the first leg of the journey ( also referred to as ‘ first airline ’ ) or subsequent airlines .
yet , such a house air waybill is not made available to the respective airline and does not bind either the airline responsible for the first leg of the journey ( also referred to as ‘ first airline ’ ) or [later] airlines .

In these jurisdictions , carriers who deliver goods to consignees of straight bills of lading without obtaining the bills of lading from these consignees risk liability to subsequent transferees of these bills .
in these jurisdictions , carriers who deliver goods to consignees of straight bills of lading without obtaining the bills of lading from these consignees risk liability to [later] transferees of these bills .

The Heath Government appointed a Select Committee on the Corporation Tax and the subsequent Labour Government appointed one on a wealth tax , but both refused a permanent subcommittee on taxation so that there is still no mechanism by which the House of Commons can know about or participate in investigations of taxation problems or possible developments in policy .
the heath government appointed a select committee on the corporation tax and the [later] labour government appointed one on a wealth tax , but both refused a permanent subcommittee on taxation so that there is still no mechanism by which the house of commons can know about or participate in investigations of taxation problems or possible developments in policy .

Major examples of such legislation are the acts on the abolition of capital punishment ( 1965 ) , homosexuality ( 1967 ) , abortion ( 1967 ) , and divorce ( 1969 ) and the subsequent unsuccessful attempts to change the law on abortion and capital punishment .
major examples of such legislation are the acts on the abolition of capital punishment ( 1965 ) , homosexuality ( 1967 ) , abortion ( 1967 ) , and divorce ( 1969 ) and the [later] unsuccessful attempts to change the law on abortion and capital punishment .

Possibly a subsequent review stimulates action that would not have taken place but for the committee 's initial probing .
possibly a [later] review stimulates action that would not have taken place but for the committee 's initial probing .

This became both the cornerstone of future government policy and the unquestioned assumption of subsequent government reports , including the Barlow Report in 1940 which made the strongest and most comprehensive case for regional development .
this became both the cornerstone of future government policy and the unquestioned assumption of [later] government reports , including the barlow report in 1940 which made the strongest and most comprehensive case for regional development .

But when questions of law do arise , their determination may be of the greatest importance because of the effect that will have on subsequent cases .
but when questions of law do arise , their determination may be of the greatest importance because of the effect that will have on [later] cases .

By so doing they can often make modifications which buy off subsequent opposition .
by so doing they can often make modifications which buy off [later] opposition .

If the action continued , he argues , damage would result to his business or personal interests which would be irreparable and for which the subsequent payment of compensation would be an inadequate remedy .
if the action continued , he argues , damage would result to his business or personal interests which would be irreparable and for which the [later] payment of compensation would be an inadequate remedy .

The plaintiff seeks an interim or interlocutory injunction , being an order of the court requiring the defendant to desist from his action in order to maintain the status quo until its legality or illegality can be determined at a subsequent trial .
the plaintiff seeks an interim or interlocutory injunction , being an order of the court requiring the defendant to desist from his action in order to maintain the status quo until its legality or illegality can be determined at a [later] trial .

In subsequent proceedings the Court of Appeal held that in such circumstances the court could grant a stay of the Minister 's decision .
in [later] proceedings the court of appeal held that in such circumstances the court could grant a stay of the minister 's decision .

Diana is the only Royal to contend with fashion seriously , however , and even her forays , and subsequent influence on the clothes-buying public , are muted in the end by the perceived conventions of regal dress — a curious amalgam of upper-class conservatism and middle-class respectability .
diana is the only royal to contend with fashion seriously , however , and even her forays , and [later] influence on the clothes-buying public , are muted in the end by the perceived conventions of regal dress — a curious amalgam of upper-class conservatism and middle-class respectability .

Its forgiving nature and subsequent popularity proved to be the Kiwi 's downfall however : ordinary palates quickly developed a taste for it too and , from being a deli or specialist greengrocery item , requiring hours to track down ( note the vital equation : time to spare + money to spare = status ) it quickly became a supermarket staple in the expanding section of exotics .
its forgiving nature and [later] popularity proved to be the kiwi 's downfall however : ordinary palates quickly developed a taste for it too and , from being a deli or specialist greengrocery item , requiring hours to track down ( note the vital equation : time to spare + money to spare = status ) it quickly became a supermarket staple in the expanding section of exotics .

This public libertarianism , whose very real sense of possibility has remained at the heart of every subsequent ‘ utopian ’ movement ( like the early days of Punk Rock ) , foundered against the worsening economic climate and the ‘ tough ’ mood of the new Conservative government under the ‘ abrasive ’ Ted Heath .
this public libertarianism , whose very real sense of possibility has remained at the heart of every [later] ‘ utopian ’ movement ( like the early days of punk rock ) , foundered against the worsening economic climate and the ‘ tough ’ mood of the new conservative government under the ‘ abrasive ’ ted heath .

The geographical patterning of the subsequent ‘ national ’ economic recovery has largely served to reinforce this dichotomy .
the geographical patterning of the [later] ‘ national ’ economic recovery has largely served to reinforce this dichotomy .

Over the subsequent decade this process intensified so much in both numbers of people and geographical scale that an inverse relationship between urban size and population change rate was generally evident and many of the more remote areas in the west and north of Britain experienced a switch into growth after decades of depopulation ( Champion , 1981a ; Jones et al .
over the [later] decade this process intensified so much in both numbers of people and geographical scale that an inverse relationship between urban size and population change rate was generally evident and many of the more remote areas in the west and north of britain experienced a switch into growth after decades of depopulation ( champion , 1981a ; jones et al .

Even during the recession years of the early 1980s , the rate of net outward migration from Greater London to the rest of the South East never fell below 40 000 a year and with the subsequent economic recovery it had risen to 65 000 by 1986–87 ( Champion and Congdon , 1988 ) .
even during the recession years of the early 1980s , the rate of net outward migration from greater london to the rest of the south east never fell below 40 000 a year and with the [later] economic recovery it had risen to 65 000 by 1986–87 ( champion and congdon , 1988 ) .

Moreover there is evidence of some relative independence even in relation to direct rulers , as in the conflicts and subsequent laws , in Irish literature , about the use of the lampoon .
moreover there is evidence of some relative independence even in relation to direct rulers , as in the conflicts and [later] laws , in irish literature , about the use of the lampoon .

Many subsequent academies of this kind were founded , usually with an increasingly formal organization of instruction .
many [later] academies of this kind were founded , usually with an increasingly formal organization of instruction .

The subsequent development of academies is then very complex .
the [later] development of academies is then very complex .

Formations of the more modern kinds may be seen to occur , typically , at points of transition and intersection within a complex social history , but the individuals who at once compose the formations and are composed by them have a further complex range of diverse positions , interests and influences , some of which are resolved ( if at times only temporarily ) by the formations , others of which remain as internal differences , as tensions , and often as the grounds for subsequent divergences , breakaways , breakups and further attempted formations .
formations of the more modern kinds may be seen to occur , typically , at points of transition and intersection within a complex social history , but the individuals who at once compose the formations and are composed by them have a further complex range of diverse positions , interests and influences , some of which are resolved ( if at times only temporarily ) by the formations , others of which remain as internal differences , as tensions , and often as the grounds for [later] divergences , breakaways , breakups and further attempted formations .

Much of the subsequent development of literacy , and the eventually general extension of printed matter , can then only in one sense be treated as an ‘ expansion ’ .
much of the [later] development of literacy , and the eventually general extension of printed matter , can then only in one sense be treated as an ‘ expansion ’ .

Aitken 's subsequent contention that this information was a legitimate matter of public interest , which justified its public exposure , would seem to most people to be unanswerable .
aitken 's [later] contention that this information was a legitimate matter of public interest , which justified its public exposure , would seem to most people to be unanswerable .

Not only would any subsequent residential development be wonderfully placed to take advantage of the new route into the heart of the city — thereby making the houses attractive to those whose business was in the city centre — but past experience had shown more often than not that the railway barons could well pay a fortune for any land they needed .
not only would any [later] residential development be wonderfully placed to take advantage of the new route into the heart of the city — thereby making the houses attractive to those whose business was in the city centre — but past experience had shown more often than not that the railway barons could well pay a fortune for any land they needed .

The very nature of deafness and the subsequent difficulty in defining the term ‘ deaf ’ , the way it manifests itself in disrupted communication , the history and structure of deaf education and the size of the deaf population , have traditionally given deafness a high profile within special education .
the very nature of deafness and the [later] difficulty in defining the term ‘ deaf ’ , the way it manifests itself in disrupted communication , the history and structure of deaf education and the size of the deaf population , have traditionally given deafness a high profile within special education .

observation at subsequent meetings at which this full report was discussed .
observation at [later] meetings at which this full report was discussed .

Three themes were pinpointed and discussed in subsequent meetings .
three themes were pinpointed and discussed in [later] meetings .

Clare still swapped one night a week off with Stephanie and reported subsequent events to Gilda , who now managed the shoe shop : occasionally she visited Clare for an evening meal .
clare still swapped one night a week off with stephanie and reported [later] events to gilda , who now managed the shoe shop : occasionally she visited clare for an evening meal .

Any subsequent record to be allocated to that address has to be stored elsewhere .
any [later] record to be allocated to that address has to be stored elsewhere .

Addition of records and subsequent sequential processing of them by the provision of overflow areas ;
addition of records and [later] sequential processing of them by the provision of overflow areas ;

The advantage of this technique is that , in subsequent processing , the whole prime data track can be handled sequentially by the software , and overflow records are picked up only when the prime track has been processed .
the advantage of this technique is that , in [later] processing , the whole prime data track can be handled sequentially by the software , and overflow records are picked up only when the prime track has been processed .

subsequent record retrieval .
[later] record retrieval .

Though he , too , declared the distinction between written and unwritten constitutions old-fashioned , it is a pity that his summary has not served as a starting point for subsequent commentaries on the British ‘ constitution ’ .
though he , too , declared the distinction between written and unwritten constitutions old-fashioned , it is a pity that his summary has not served as a starting point for [later] commentaries on the british ‘ constitution ’ .

Lord Hailsham wrote in 1978 ; has anything changed since then to contradict his thesis , or have subsequent events confirmed his worst fears ?
lord hailsham wrote in 1978 ; has anything changed since then to contradict his thesis , or have [later] events confirmed his worst fears ?

‘ Sovereignty ’ is a word open to misunderstanding and one that is used in the sphere of international law ( for example , the dispute with Argentina over the sovereignty of the Falkland Islands ) , and also in the political arena ( for example , in the debates on the United Kingdom 's membership of the European Community and on subsequent issues such as the Single European Act 1986 and European Monetary Union , there was considerable rhetoric on sovereignty ) .
‘ sovereignty ’ is a word open to misunderstanding and one that is used in the sphere of international law ( for example , the dispute with argentina over the sovereignty of the falkland islands ) , and also in the political arena ( for example , in the debates on the united kingdom 's membership of the european community and on [later] issues such as the single european act 1986 and european monetary union , there was considerable rhetoric on sovereignty ) .

Section 7 ( 1 ) could be construed as applying to previous enactments , but it was argued that it applied also to subsequent enactments .
section 7 ( 1 ) could be construed as applying to previous enactments , but it was argued that it applied also to [later] enactments .

Publishers are often willing to grant permission for the reproduction of music upon written application , or even by a telephone call , supported by a subsequent letter .
publishers are often willing to grant permission for the reproduction of music upon written application , or even by a telephone call , supported by a [later] letter .

It is important , too , that both during their theological training and throughout their subsequent ministry , the clergy be encouraged to give a high priority to their role in the planning and leading of worship .
it is important , too , that both during their theological training and throughout their [later] ministry , the clergy be encouraged to give a high priority to their role in the planning and leading of worship .

In this as in subsequent encounters with Englishmen , Nkrumah was very sensitive to atmosphere .
in this as in [later] encounters with englishmen , nkrumah was very sensitive to atmosphere .

In February 1984 , the Housing Benefit Review was established by the Government which , subsequent to receiving the Review 's report , published a Green Paper detailing a series of reforms ( Reform of Social Security , Cmnd .
in february 1984 , the housing benefit review was established by the government which , [later] to receiving the review 's report , published a green paper detailing a series of reforms ( reform of social security , cmnd .

Subsequent centuries brought more layers of thought and tradition to ideas about the undergraduate curriculum .
[later] centuries brought more layers of thought and tradition to ideas about the undergraduate curriculum .

Where there is a strong relationship between the degree subject and one or a few subsequent types of work , it is possible to orientate the curriculum towards such work .
where there is a strong relationship between the degree subject and one or a few [later] types of work , it is possible to orientate the curriculum towards such work .

Status is a complex business , reflecting not only the content of the course , but the institution that provides it , the kinds of student it attracts , and their subsequent careers .
status is a complex business , reflecting not only the content of the course , but the institution that provides it , the kinds of student it attracts , and their [later] careers .

The above examples were noted prior to quantitative analysis , and were used , with other observations , as the basis of an internal phonological description on which all our subsequent work has been based .
the above examples were noted prior to quantitative analysis , and were used , with other observations , as the basis of an internal phonological description on which all our [later] work has been based .

This education may go well beyond simply fostering understanding of the change itself ; it may include needs assessment and subsequent training in the skills and knowledge that are shown to be essential to functioning successfully in the changed environment .
this education may go well beyond simply fostering understanding of the change itself ; it may include needs assessment and [later] training in the skills and knowledge that are shown to be essential to functioning successfully in the changed environment .

Some highly general tendencies , which will necessarily be subject to subsequent refinement and caution , can serve to represent the scene .
some highly general tendencies , which will necessarily be subject to [later] refinement and caution , can serve to represent the scene .

Equally importantly the concept includes the physical integration of a new piece of equipment into a production process and its subsequent refinement and modification at the hands of the technically skilled workforce .
equally importantly the concept includes the physical integration of a new piece of equipment into a production process and its [later] refinement and modification at the hands of the technically skilled workforce .

Whilst this provided an approach adopted in subsequent cases , the limitations of such a general principle have , more recently , been recognized in judgments of the House of Lords and Privy Council : see , for example , Governors of Peabody Donation Fund v. Sir Lindsay Parkinson & Co .
whilst this provided an approach adopted in [later] cases , the limitations of such a general principle have , more recently , been recognized in judgments of the house of lords and privy council : see , for example , governors of peabody donation fund v. sir lindsay parkinson & co .

However , the approach taken to each case in subsequent decisions has been entirely different .
however , the approach taken to each case in [later] decisions has been entirely different .

In subsequent cases , however , the decision has been described as limited to its own facts , e.g .
in [later] cases , however , the decision has been described as limited to its own facts , e.g .

The benefit of planning permission to carry on a business from premises is normally lost by a subsequent change of use of those premises .
the benefit of planning permission to carry on a business from premises is normally lost by a [later] change of use of those premises .

As Simmel and every subsequent commentator on this work has stressed , The Philosophy of Money is not intended primarily as a treatise on money as an economic form , but as an examination of the increasingly abstract nature of human relations , for which money provides a symbol and an instrument .
as simmel and every [later] commentator on this work has stressed , the philosophy of money is not intended primarily as a treatise on money as an economic form , but as an examination of the increasingly abstract nature of human relations , for which money provides a symbol and an instrument .

It is indicative of the lack of serious analysis of the artefact , however , that even for such a politically sensitive issue as the division between private purchase and state allocation , the implications for the subsequent relationship people have with those goods are quite unknown ( with the possible exception of housing ) .
it is indicative of the lack of serious analysis of the artefact , however , that even for such a politically sensitive issue as the division between private purchase and state allocation , the implications for the [later] relationship people have with those goods are quite unknown ( with the possible exception of housing ) .

Industrialization provides the backdrop for the study of the subsequent transformation into modern economic classes : the rise of colonialism is explained in terms of a search for markets , and wars in terms of economic competition .
industrialization provides the backdrop for the study of the [later] transformation into modern economic classes : the rise of colonialism is explained in terms of a search for markets , and wars in terms of economic competition .

Distinction tends to revert to a notion of objectification which consists mainly in the external sedimentation and subsequent reproduction of class interests .
distinction tends to revert to a notion of objectification which consists mainly in the external sedimentation and [later] reproduction of class interests .

There was a significant negative relationship between the scale of manufacturing activity in an area at the beginning of the period and subsequent manufacturing growth .
there was a significant negative relationship between the scale of manufacturing activity in an area at the beginning of the period and [later] manufacturing growth .

It was pointed out that it was hardly surprising there was a significant negative relationship between existing levels and subsequent change since ‘ decentralization ’ , i.e .
it was pointed out that it was hardly surprising there was a significant negative relationship between existing levels and [later] change since ‘ decentralization ’ , i.e .

For example , it could be that after initial investment has taken place further capital investment may be required in a subsequent period which , in that year , is greater than the firm 's net trading cash inflows .
for example , it could be that after initial investment has taken place further capital investment may be required in a [later] period which , in that year , is greater than the firm 's net trading cash inflows .

The Comptroller and Auditor General shall for the financial year ending 31st March 1984 and for each subsequent financial year prepare an estimate of the expenses of the National Audit Office ; and the Commission shall examine that estimate and lay it before the House of Commons with such modifications , if any , as the Commission see fit .
the comptroller and auditor general shall for the financial year ending 31st march 1984 and for each [later] financial year prepare an estimate of the expenses of the national audit office ; and the commission shall examine that estimate and lay it before the house of commons with such modifications , if any , as the commission see fit .

Many of the points touched on will be elaborated in subsequent analysis .
many of the points touched on will be elaborated in [later] analysis .

The main purpose of the present chapter is to develop some basic concepts that will be used throughout the subsequent discussion of semantic relations .
the main purpose of the present chapter is to develop some basic concepts that will be used throughout the [later] discussion of semantic relations .

It is often claimed , both by the Victorians themselves and by subsequent historians of design , that the impetus towards the formulation of new standards of taste in the latter half of the century was provided by the negative example of the Great Exhibition of 1851 .
it is often claimed , both by the victorians themselves and by [later] historians of design , that the impetus towards the formulation of new standards of taste in the latter half of the century was provided by the negative example of the great exhibition of 1851 .

In the seventy-seven subsequent years that divide the publication of Sketches by Boz and the accession of Queen Victoria from the outbreak of the First World War , fictional houses are seen rather than sensed , until the burden of acquisition , despite attempts to redeem it , becomes a tyranny which ultimately destroys the Victorian notion of ‘ home ’ .
in the seventy-seven [later] years that divide the publication of sketches by boz and the accession of queen victoria from the outbreak of the first world war , fictional houses are seen rather than sensed , until the burden of acquisition , despite attempts to redeem it , becomes a tyranny which ultimately destroys the victorian notion of ‘ home ’ .

This initial investigation and the subsequent discussion ( which we will come to shortly ) obviously had the desired effect because the follow-up urging the development of curriculum policies at local level showed movement on these issues .
this initial investigation and the [later] discussion ( which we will come to shortly ) obviously had the desired effect because the follow-up urging the development of curriculum policies at local level showed movement on these issues .

Better Schools indicated the duty the governors would have in determining the curricular aims and objectives , and subsequent Education Acts have put this into legislation .
better schools indicated the duty the governors would have in determining the curricular aims and objectives , and [later] education acts have put this into legislation .

Methods of evaluation and subsequent action .
methods of evaluation and [later] action .

the Humanities Faculty , having been rather disturbed by one or two things that emerged from the study , decided to meet in someone 's house the day after the end of the Christmas Term . There it began a review of its work which continued , at intervals , throughout subsequent terms ;
the humanities faculty , having been rather disturbed by one or two things that emerged from the study , decided to meet in someone 's house the day after the end of the christmas term . there it began a review of its work which continued , at intervals , throughout [later] terms ;

In fact , there was considerable debate in official circles during the time of both the Labour administration of 1945–51 and the subsequent Conservative administration about the consequences of black immigration on the ‘ racial character ’ of the British , and several covert and sometimes illegal administrative measures were put into operation to discourage black immigration ( Carter , Harris and Joshi , 1987 ) .
in fact , there was considerable debate in official circles during the time of both the labour administration of 1945–51 and the [later] conservative administration about the consequences of black immigration on the ‘ racial character ’ of the british , and several covert and sometimes illegal administrative measures were put into operation to discourage black immigration ( carter , harris and joshi , 1987 ) .

The subsequent outcomes are of some significance in determining further educational chances and career opportunities .
the [later] outcomes are of some significance in determining further educational chances and career opportunities .

The regulations determining how short spells of employment affect subsequent rights to Unemployment Benefit are often unclearly presented , even in specialist publications ( for example , Smith/Rowland , 1986 ) .
the regulations determining how short spells of employment affect [later] rights to unemployment benefit are often unclearly presented , even in specialist publications ( for example , smith/rowland , 1986 ) .

The court 's inability to determine those matters is not limited to the period pending the visitor 's determination but extends so as to prohibit any subsequent review by the court of the correctness of a decision made by the visitor acting within his jurisdiction and in accordance with the rules of natural justice .
the court 's inability to determine those matters is not limited to the period pending the visitor 's determination but extends so as to prohibit any [later] review by the court of the correctness of a decision made by the visitor acting within his jurisdiction and in accordance with the rules of natural justice .

The change of any of these values , however , would immediately evoke the re-calculation of the functional value and , if out of range , its subsequent display on the screen .
the change of any of these values , however , would immediately evoke the re-calculation of the functional value and , if out of range , its [later] display on the screen .

Many of the subsequent early navigators recorded a brush with the southern archipelago , long before its general shape was known .
many of the [later] early navigators recorded a brush with the southern archipelago , long before its general shape was known .

Far more than a further unsavoury tale of professional infighting for accreditation amongst the greats , the out-come — on the principle that the discoverer leaves his imprint on his discovery — has profoundly affected the subsequent tenor of both science and the humanities .
far more than a further unsavoury tale of professional infighting for accreditation amongst the greats , the out-come — on the principle that the discoverer leaves his imprint on his discovery — has profoundly affected the [later] tenor of both science and the humanities .

But it was the arrival of the brilliant paper from the much younger , socially insignificant Alfred Russel Wallace which forced his hand — affording Darwin the full posthumous credit for Wallace 's discovery , and the bequeathing to subsequent generations of a `` Darwinian bias `` which is considerably less enlightened than Wallace 's own interpretation . ``
but it was the arrival of the brilliant paper from the much younger , socially insignificant alfred russel wallace which forced his hand — affording darwin the full posthumous credit for wallace 's discovery , and the bequeathing to [later] generations of a `` darwinian bias `` which is considerably less enlightened than wallace 's own interpretation . ``

It was a position which helped him survive many subsequent close calls , particularly during the wave of anti-foreign sentiment engendered under the later years of President Sukarno 's regime .
it was a position which helped him survive many [later] close calls , particularly during the wave of anti-foreign sentiment engendered under the later years of president sukarno 's regime .

Find out before you start what your first , second and subsequent readerships will be .
find out before you start what your first , second and [later] readerships will be .

Subsequent to the date of the surrender , according to local farmers , many Croats were machine gunned in a small valley near Poljana a few miles across the border from Bleiburg inside Yugoslavia .
[later] to the date of the surrender , according to local farmers , many croats were machine gunned in a small valley near poljana a few miles across the border from bleiburg inside yugoslavia .

Give details for directors at the year end of interests in shares and debentures of any group company at the year end and at the beginning of the year or subsequent date of appointment .
give details for directors at the year end of interests in shares and debentures of any group company at the year end and at the beginning of the year or [later] date of appointment .

in choosing a laterality index subsequent authors have been interested in the statistical correlation between various indices of laterality and overall accuracy .
in choosing a laterality index [later] authors have been interested in the statistical correlation between various indices of laterality and overall accuracy .

In subsequent studies it was shown that there are more sinistral aphasics with left than right hemisphere lesions .
in [later] studies it was shown that there are more sinistral aphasics with left than right hemisphere lesions .

It is useful to draw up with the teacher concerned a list of points to concentrate on , both during the recording and at the subsequent playback .
it is useful to draw up with the teacher concerned a list of points to concentrate on , both during the recording and at the [later] playback .

Subsequent evidence may confirm or deny that inference .
[later] evidence may confirm or deny that inference .

Nurse eggs are ova arrested in development , `` fertilised `` but with no subsequent fusion of the male and female pronuclei .
nurse eggs are ova arrested in development , `` fertilised `` but with no [later] fusion of the male and female pronuclei .

Subsequent revision of the taxonomy of rocky shore whelks has restricted the genus Purpura to a few large-mouthed , high intertidal whelks from warm seas-mostly in the Indo-Pacific .
[later] revision of the taxonomy of rocky shore whelks has restricted the genus purpura to a few large-mouthed , high intertidal whelks from warm seas-mostly in the indo-pacific .

On each subsequent visit the distance of the marked animals from the release point is measured .
on each [later] visit the distance of the marked animals from the release point is measured .

Emphasis is laid on the risks involved , the higher incidence of birth difficulties and subsequent infant illness , and the social difficulties encountered in coping with a baby , both emotionally and practically .
emphasis is laid on the risks involved , the higher incidence of birth difficulties and [later] infant illness , and the social difficulties encountered in coping with a baby , both emotionally and practically .

Several had become pregnant on losing their virginity , or very shortly after , and their boyfriends had gone off , leaving them both scarred and scared about having any subsequent sexual relationships .
several had become pregnant on losing their virginity , or very shortly after , and their boyfriends had gone off , leaving them both scarred and scared about having any [later] sexual relationships .

This had happened to Shona , whose boyfriend encouraged her to have the baby , and then left her , with the result that whenever any subsequent boyfriends have tried to get close , she becomes cold and distant , they can not understand and eventually leave her .
this had happened to shona , whose boyfriend encouraged her to have the baby , and then left her , with the result that whenever any [later] boyfriends have tried to get close , she becomes cold and distant , they can not understand and eventually leave her .

In Bridget 's case , her subsequent boyfriend stayed around for a year or so until she and her family moved house .
in bridget 's case , her [later] boyfriend stayed around for a year or so until she and her family moved house .

We include here some notes on the first production but subsequent directors may find many different ways of presenting the text .
we include here some notes on the first production but [later] directors may find many different ways of presenting the text .

However , the scale of slaughter , cruelty and destruction involved in European wars of the seventeenth and subsequent centuries was immeasurably greater than that of the tribal conflicts of the ‘ savages ’ .
however , the scale of slaughter , cruelty and destruction involved in european wars of the seventeenth and [later] centuries was immeasurably greater than that of the tribal conflicts of the ‘ savages ’ .

On development , the negative and subsequent positive reveal a composite image of the dancer performing in the street .
on development , the negative and [later] positive reveal a composite image of the dancer performing in the street .

Liz , Alix and Esther all obtained places at the college of their choice , in Cambridge , and there were reunited , to gossip there and elsewhere over subsequent decades of their fortuitous friendship .
liz , alix and esther all obtained places at the college of their choice , in cambridge , and there were reunited , to gossip there and elsewhere over [later] decades of their fortuitous friendship .

’ Since criminal investigations are conducted by the police in the first instance , the police file tends to shape the case in all its subsequent stages .
’ since criminal investigations are conducted by the police in the first instance , the police file tends to shape the case in all its [later] stages .

187 , where the identifying witness was brought to and conducted around the police station where the parade took place by officers involved in the investigation , the Court of Appeal regarded what had occurred as a ‘ substantial breach ’ of the Code , and the subsequent identification of the suspect was admitted in evidence only because there was proof that nothing untoward had in fact been said to the witness by the officers in question .
187 , where the identifying witness was brought to and conducted around the police station where the parade took place by officers involved in the investigation , the court of appeal regarded what had occurred as a ‘ substantial breach ’ of the code , and the [later] identification of the suspect was admitted in evidence only because there was proof that nothing untoward had in fact been said to the witness by the officers in question .

On the defendant 's subsequent appearance , the justices held they had no jurisdiction to hear the matter and released the defendant on the same bail conditions as before .
on the defendant 's [later] appearance , the justices held they had no jurisdiction to hear the matter and released the defendant on the same bail conditions as before .

‘ ( 1 ) strict rules of evidence were inherently inappropriate in a court concerned to decide whether there were substantial grounds for believing something , such as a court considering an application under the Bail Act 1976 ; ( 2 ) when considering an opposed application for bail justices were bound to investigate an alleged change of circumstance but where they erred by refusing so to do their subsequent order was not rendered void , although a court with appropriate jurisdiction could interfere to set it aside .
‘ ( 1 ) strict rules of evidence were inherently inappropriate in a court concerned to decide whether there were substantial grounds for believing something , such as a court considering an application under the bail act 1976 ; ( 2 ) when considering an opposed application for bail justices were bound to investigate an alleged change of circumstance but where they erred by refusing so to do their [later] order was not rendered void , although a court with appropriate jurisdiction could interfere to set it aside .

Fetal trisomy with subsequent selective chromosome loss has already been demonstrated to have significant effects on fetal well-being , and may be the initiating step in the development of disorders associated with uniparental disomy .
fetal trisomy with [later] selective chromosome loss has already been demonstrated to have significant effects on fetal well-being , and may be the initiating step in the development of disorders associated with uniparental disomy .

Surprisingly , his superiors agreed to his request , and the subsequent journey was to change his life forever .
surprisingly , his superiors agreed to his request , and the [later] journey was to change his life forever .

The trip was a great success , the subsequent Travels in the West exhibition proving very popular in Nanjing and giving him his first taste of newspaper and television attention .
the trip was a great success , the [later] travels in the west exhibition proving very popular in nanjing and giving him his first taste of newspaper and television attention .

His parents were storekeepers , and nothing in his education pointed to a career in the arts , except perhaps that when , as a young man , he began buying locally manufactured handicrafts , for subsequent resale , he was introduced to the creative urge latent in the people who produced the goods .
his parents were storekeepers , and nothing in his education pointed to a career in the arts , except perhaps that when , as a young man , he began buying locally manufactured handicrafts , for [later] resale , he was introduced to the creative urge latent in the people who produced the goods .

Many wild and rash speculations will not survive subsequent testing and consequently will not be rated as contributing to the growth of scientific knowledge .
many wild and rash speculations will not survive [later] testing and consequently will not be rated as contributing to the growth of scientific knowledge .

Those that fail subsequent tests are rejected , while those that survive all the tests to which they are subjected are tentatively retained .
those that fail [later] tests are rejected , while those that survive all the tests to which they are subjected are tentatively retained .

Two main aspects of housing condition are important : the overall quality of the rural housing stock ; and the variations in quality within the tenure groups , a matter that is discussed in subsequent sections .
two main aspects of housing condition are important : the overall quality of the rural housing stock ; and the variations in quality within the tenure groups , a matter that is discussed in [later] sections .

The powers involved were under Section 52 of the 1971 Town and Country Planning Act : however , subsequent intervention in late 1981 by the Secretary of State for the Environment appears to have prevented planners from being able to specify the nature of occupiers of new housing .
the powers involved were under section 52 of the 1971 town and country planning act : however , [later] intervention in late 1981 by the secretary of state for the environment appears to have prevented planners from being able to specify the nature of occupiers of new housing .

Usually a limited number of offers can be rejected but there is no guarantee that a subsequent offer will be an improvement , so in many rural districts applicants may have to make the best of either inappropriate housing or housing not ideally located with regard to their workplaces or existing patterns of use of facilities .
usually a limited number of offers can be rejected but there is no guarantee that a [later] offer will be an improvement , so in many rural districts applicants may have to make the best of either inappropriate housing or housing not ideally located with regard to their workplaces or existing patterns of use of facilities .

One therefore reaches the anomalous situation whereby the earlier and stricter rule has been broadened , so it seems , by the weight of subsequent decisions .
one therefore reaches the anomalous situation whereby the earlier and stricter rule has been broadened , so it seems , by the weight of [later] decisions .

Furthermore , the criminal 's story could provide insight into the workings of the criminal justice system , media reaction to the crime or the criminal 's prior or subsequent psychiatric treatment .
furthermore , the criminal 's story could provide insight into the workings of the criminal justice system , media reaction to the crime or the criminal 's prior or [later] psychiatric treatment .

’ In subsequent contempt proceedings the House of Lords was satisfied that the article created a substantial if unintended risk of serious prejudice to Dr. Arthur 's trial .
’ in [later] contempt proceedings the house of lords was satisfied that the article created a substantial if unintended risk of serious prejudice to dr. arthur 's trial .

If there was any ambiguity , that is to say implications which might escape the first or indeed many subsequent readings , they were not the ones which would have made themselves more readily apparent if some form of graphic representation had preserved the tone of voice , the facial expressions or the hand movements of their author .
if there was any ambiguity , that is to say implications which might escape the first or indeed many [later] readings , they were not the ones which would have made themselves more readily apparent if some form of graphic representation had preserved the tone of voice , the facial expressions or the hand movements of their author .

Certainly social reception of the work — and in that sense its ‘ meaning ’ — may , in subsequent periods , diverge from that ( socially defined ) content ; but the content still exists , inviolable .
certainly social reception of the work — and in that sense its ‘ meaning ’ — may , in [later] periods , diverge from that ( socially defined ) content ; but the content still exists , inviolable .

Moreover , recording is a medium in which improvisation can be incorporated — or transformed through subsequent work — into composition .
moreover , recording is a medium in which improvisation can be incorporated — or transformed through [later] work — into composition .

Once established as the party of government in 1951 , the Tories benefited greatly from the subsequent rapid development of capital accumulation and rise in living standards in Britain .
once established as the party of government in 1951 , the tories benefited greatly from the [later] rapid development of capital accumulation and rise in living standards in britain .

First , the external conditions were extremely unfavourable , given the record trade deficit generated by the ‘ Barber boom ’ and added to by the subsequent massive rise in oil prices .
first , the external conditions were extremely unfavourable , given the record trade deficit generated by the ‘ barber boom ’ and added to by the [later] massive rise in oil prices .

The theme of public expenditure is obviously of great importance to the development of politics under the subsequent Tory government , and will be discussed more fully in the following chapter , but some comments at this stage are in order .
the theme of public expenditure is obviously of great importance to the development of politics under the [later] tory government , and will be discussed more fully in the following chapter , but some comments at this stage are in order .

Much of the contemporary and subsequent criticism of the secano farming attributed to peasant routine the inescapable consequences of poor soil , drought , and lack of capital .
much of the contemporary and [later] criticism of the secano farming attributed to peasant routine the inescapable consequences of poor soil , drought , and lack of capital .

The transcendent importance of this constitution in the subsequent history of Spanish constitutionalism conceals that liberalism was more than a political creed .
the transcendent importance of this constitution in the [later] history of spanish constitutionalism conceals that liberalism was more than a political creed .

This conception of the relationship between local and central government , derived from the French model , stamped the whole subsequent history of Spain .
this conception of the relationship between local and central government , derived from the french model , stamped the whole [later] history of spain .

If , in perspective , the loss of the American Empire was the greatest single consequence of the crisis of 1808 , the legacy of the War of Independence moulded the subsequent history of Spain itself .
if , in perspective , the loss of the american empire was the greatest single consequence of the crisis of 1808 , the legacy of the war of independence moulded the [later] history of spain itself .

Unable to establish any common ground between his proposals and the radical demands of the Left , Stolypin dissolved the Second Duma on 3 June 1907 and drastically altered the franchise on which subsequent Dumas were to be elected .
unable to establish any common ground between his proposals and the radical demands of the left , stolypin dissolved the second duma on 3 june 1907 and drastically altered the franchise on which [later] dumas were to be elected .

From a liberal perspective , the subsequent history of the regime established in October bore out the ruthless , doctrinaire and fundamentally undemocratic nature of the Bolshevik party .
from a liberal perspective , the [later] history of the regime established in october bore out the ruthless , doctrinaire and fundamentally undemocratic nature of the bolshevik party .

Although they tended in the early decades to entertain an idealized image of the peasantry , their subsequent reappraisals could hardly have been more thorough .
although they tended in the early decades to entertain an idealized image of the peasantry , their [later] reappraisals could hardly have been more thorough .

For ‘ Bondy ’ the roof literally caved in as Rowland launched a detailed investigation into his financial affairs that triggered his downfall and subsequent imprisonment .
for ‘ bondy ’ the roof literally caved in as rowland launched a detailed investigation into his financial affairs that triggered his downfall and [later] imprisonment .

Although the police and Crown Prosecution Service have a vital role in determining which alleged offenders proceed to subsequent stages of the criminal justice system , the most direct and immediate impact on the penal system is exercised by the courts themselves .
although the police and crown prosecution service have a vital role in determining which alleged offenders proceed to [later] stages of the criminal justice system , the most direct and immediate impact on the penal system is exercised by the courts themselves .

In the wake of this débâcle , subsequent attempts at policymaking were less ambitious , if not conspicuously more successful .
in the wake of this débâcle , [later] attempts at policymaking were less ambitious , if not conspicuously more successful .

Then you tell the story of the murder and the subsequent investigation , adroitly working in the fact that there was a red light shining at the vital time and place , using one of the ways of tricking your reader into `` noticing and not noticing `` this that we looked at in the previous chapter , and you also harp like mad on the impossibility of a person in a black dress or suit having been on hand at the moment the murder was committed .
then you tell the story of the murder and the [later] investigation , adroitly working in the fact that there was a red light shining at the vital time and place , using one of the ways of tricking your reader into `` noticing and not noticing `` this that we looked at in the previous chapter , and you also harp like mad on the impossibility of a person in a black dress or suit having been on hand at the moment the murder was committed .

The mere fact that it was convenient to do so through a story of a murder and the murderer 's subsequent feelings and actions had nothing essential to contribute .
the mere fact that it was convenient to do so through a story of a murder and the murderer 's [later] feelings and actions had nothing essential to contribute .

This suggest that mispricings can be used to predict subsequent price movements .
this suggest that mispricings can be used to predict [later] price movements .

This is because the arbitrageur locks in the interest rate when the arbitrage position is initiated , and subsequent variations are irrelevant .
this is because the arbitrageur locks in the interest rate when the arbitrage position is initiated , and [later] variations are irrelevant .

Index arbitrage will then generate subsequent movements in the spot price to bring the spot and futures markets into line .
index arbitrage will then generate [later] movements in the spot price to bring the spot and futures markets into line .

The problem is to explain the subsequent large negative basis when almost all shares were open for trading .
the problem is to explain the [later] large negative basis when almost all shares were open for trading .

According to Taheri , Britain regarded the hostage-takers as criminals and saw the problem largely in terms of policing , rather than negotiating , which was why British hostages were a low priority and would be bottom of the list when it came to any subsequent releases .
according to taheri , britain regarded the hostage-takers as criminals and saw the problem largely in terms of policing , rather than negotiating , which was why british hostages were a low priority and would be bottom of the list when it came to any [later] releases .

But as subsequent speakers proved , one man 's ‘ acceptable result ’ was another 's unlevel playing field .
but as [later] speakers proved , one man 's ‘ acceptable result ’ was another 's unlevel playing field .

Perhaps because of this the courts have in subsequent cases generally declined to follow Lord Macmillan 's view .
perhaps because of this the courts have in [later] cases generally declined to follow lord macmillan 's view .

The growth of state involvement with the social welfare of its citizens can be related to the development of an industrial society , and its subsequent maturation , or perhaps decline , into what some writers have described as ‘ post-industrialism ’ .
the growth of state involvement with the social welfare of its citizens can be related to the development of an industrial society , and its [later] maturation , or perhaps decline , into what some writers have described as ‘ post-industrialism ’ .

This complex mixture , dominated by a powerful medical profession firmly established during the nineteenth century , posed problems for subsequent attempts to rationalize the health services , and therefore influenced the shape the national health service eventually achieved .
this complex mixture , dominated by a powerful medical profession firmly established during the nineteenth century , posed problems for [later] attempts to rationalize the health services , and therefore influenced the shape the national health service eventually achieved .

This deviation from Beveridge 's plan made the scheme expensive to general taxation , and probably tended to prevent the adoption of benefit levels sufficient to provide subsistence incomes to those with no other resources and to inhibit subsequent increases to keep up with the cost of living .
this deviation from beveridge 's plan made the scheme expensive to general taxation , and probably tended to prevent the adoption of benefit levels sufficient to provide subsistence incomes to those with no other resources and to inhibit [later] increases to keep up with the cost of living .

Many Acts allow governments to promote subsequent changes and new regulations .
many acts allow governments to promote [later] changes and new regulations .

They will look in vain for detailed information on , for example , the housing benefit scheme or the ‘ social fund ’ in the Act : this is contained in subsequent regulations .
they will look in vain for detailed information on , for example , the housing benefit scheme or the ‘ social fund ’ in the act : this is contained in [later] regulations .

Compulsory admission for treatment ( section 3 ) is possible , but the conditions are now more stringent than formerly and the periods of initial and subsequent detention have been reduced to six months , a further six months and then for one year at a time , and the patients ' rights of appeal to the Mental Health Review Tribunal have been strengthened .
compulsory admission for treatment ( section 3 ) is possible , but the conditions are now more stringent than formerly and the periods of initial and [later] detention have been reduced to six months , a further six months and then for one year at a time , and the patients ' rights of appeal to the mental health review tribunal have been strengthened .

We traced a group of men born in a maternity hospital in Sheffield before 1925 and related size at birth to subsequent death rates from cardiovascular disease .
we traced a group of men born in a maternity hospital in sheffield before 1925 and related size at birth to [later] death rates from cardiovascular disease .

When the scheme was introduced there was speculation about whether those intending to become fundholders would increase referral rates in the preparatory year to ensure that their budgets , which were based on historical activity , were large enough to permit savings in subsequent years .
when the scheme was introduced there was speculation about whether those intending to become fundholders would increase referral rates in the preparatory year to ensure that their budgets , which were based on historical activity , were large enough to permit savings in [later] years .

The fact that most practices ' referral rates had increased in the second phase of the study provides no support for the view that first wave fundholders had artificially increased their rates of referral in the preparatory year to enable them to make budgetary savings in the subsequent year , although their rates were higher than those of the controls in phase 1 .
the fact that most practices ' referral rates had increased in the second phase of the study provides no support for the view that first wave fundholders had artificially increased their rates of referral in the preparatory year to enable them to make budgetary savings in the [later] year , although their rates were higher than those of the controls in phase 1 .

Response rates varied from 98 % in 1968–70 to about 90 % in subsequent five year spans .
response rates varied from 98 % in 1968–70 to about 90 % in [later] five year spans .

To organize the event successfully , make an amusing speech , and get the right balance between outrageous fun and good taste , will indicate to the bride or groom that you can be relied upon to perform well as best man or bridesmaid at the subsequent wedding .
to organize the event successfully , make an amusing speech , and get the right balance between outrageous fun and good taste , will indicate to the bride or groom that you can be relied upon to perform well as best man or bridesmaid at the [later] wedding .

On a second or subsequent marriage it is frequently said that a wedding speech should make no reference to previous spouses , nor children of earlier marriages unless they are junior pages and need to be acknowledged and welcomed , or even the fact that either party has been married before .
on a second or [later] marriage it is frequently said that a wedding speech should make no reference to previous spouses , nor children of earlier marriages unless they are junior pages and need to be acknowledged and welcomed , or even the fact that either party has been married before .

We argue , therefore , that differentiation of first deliveries from subsequent deliveries is mandatory before further investigations into differences in obstetric outcome are initiated .
we argue , therefore , that differentiation of first deliveries from [later] deliveries is mandatory before further investigations into differences in obstetric outcome are initiated .

Fever , muscle rigidity , and seizures may produce rhabdomyolysis and subsequent renal failure .
fever , muscle rigidity , and seizures may produce rhabdomyolysis and [later] renal failure .

Prospective study of patients identified as having severe acute renal failure within a two year period ; subsequent monitoring of outcome for a further two years .
prospective study of patients identified as having severe acute renal failure within a two year period ; [later] monitoring of outcome for a further two years .

Those adults in a population of 444971 who developed severe acute renal failure ( serum creatinine concentration >500µmol/l ) for the first time during a two year period , with subsequent fall of the serum creatinine concentration below the index value .
those adults in a population of 444971 who developed severe acute renal failure ( serum creatinine concentration >500µmol/l ) for the first time during a two year period , with [later] fall of the serum creatinine concentration below the index value .

In 12 patients ( 20 % ) the serum creatinine concentration did not return to below 300 µmol/l ; one of these had a subsequent deterioration in renal function and two years later had started dialysis .
in 12 patients ( 20 % ) the serum creatinine concentration did not return to below 300 µmol/l ; one of these had a [later] deterioration in renal function and two years later had started dialysis .

Intracervical inseminations were applied in subsequent menstrual cycles .
intracervical inseminations were applied in [later] menstrual cycles .

Home recordings produced physiological data from 34 of 61 patients during subsequent clinical events .
home recordings produced physiological data from 34 of 61 patients during [later] clinical events .

When mouth to mouth resuscitation is needed there is a particularly high risk of subsequent sudden death .
when mouth to mouth resuscitation is needed there is a particularly high risk of [later] sudden death .

Subsequent investigations included continuous recordings in hospital with the aim of capturing further events with signals additional to those on the event recorder ( for example , three channels of electroencephalograms , nasal airflow , respiratory inductance plethysmography , transcutaneous or end tidal carbon dioxide ) .
[later] investigations included continuous recordings in hospital with the aim of capturing further events with signals additional to those on the event recorder ( for example , three channels of electroencephalograms , nasal airflow , respiratory inductance plethysmography , transcutaneous or end tidal carbon dioxide ) .

In four of these hypoxaemia induced by epileptic seizure was recorded during subsequent events in hospital .
in four of these hypoxaemia induced by epileptic seizure was recorded during [later] events in hospital .

Subsequent events tended to recur at the time of intercurrent infections , at which time the flow rate of oxygen was increased ; none subsequently required cardiopulmonary resuscitation .
[later] events tended to recur at the time of intercurrent infections , at which time the flow rate of oxygen was increased ; none subsequently required cardiopulmonary resuscitation .

Dedicated , hardworking general practitioners have kept the system running in the interests of their patients and are not led by ‘ whim , ’ as the writer 's subsequent comment on accreditation seems to suggest .
dedicated , hardworking general practitioners have kept the system running in the interests of their patients and are not led by ‘ whim , ’ as the writer 's [later] comment on accreditation seems to suggest .

Early mobilisation in patients who have had uncomplicated myocardial infarction and subsequent predischarge exercise testing are routine practice nowadays .
early mobilisation in patients who have had uncomplicated myocardial infarction and [later] predischarge exercise testing are routine practice nowadays .

Subsequent studies have supported the hypothesis that population mixing can influence the incidence of childhood leukaemia .
[later] studies have supported the hypothesis that population mixing can influence the incidence of childhood leukaemia .

We have shown that the combination of adenoidectomy with insertion of tubes provides immediate restoration of subjective hearing ability because of the tube ; longer term sustained resolution because of adenoidectomy ; and also a possible reduction in the need for subsequent insertions of new tubes .
we have shown that the combination of adenoidectomy with insertion of tubes provides immediate restoration of subjective hearing ability because of the tube ; longer term sustained resolution because of adenoidectomy ; and also a possible reduction in the need for [later] insertions of new tubes .

If these anomalies are detected in good time the parents can receive counselling and the subsequent management of the pregnancy can be planned , so reducing the national perinatal mortality rate .
if these anomalies are detected in good time the parents can receive counselling and the [later] management of the pregnancy can be planned , so reducing the national perinatal mortality rate .

At many subsequent meetings there are regulations laid down for the conduct of the Pacquet , and a committee appointed to see that they were conformed to .
at many [later] meetings there are regulations laid down for the conduct of the pacquet , and a committee appointed to see that they were conformed to .

At many subsequent meetings there are regulations laid down for the conduct of the Pacquet , and a committee appointed to see that they were conformed to .
at many [later] meetings there are regulations laid down for the conduct of the pacquet , and a committee appointed to see that they were conformed to .

Asymptomatic bacteriuria in pregnancy may lead to acute pyelonephritis , and treatment reduces the risk of this and subsequent prematurity .
asymptomatic bacteriuria in pregnancy may lead to acute pyelonephritis , and treatment reduces the risk of this and [later] prematurity .

For the benefit of the deaf members present the Dean 's and all subsequent speeches were interpreted into sign language .
for the benefit of the deaf members present the dean 's and all [later] speeches were interpreted into sign language .

Such a festival has been a feature of every subsequent Congress .
such a festival has been a feature of every [later] congress .

This initial historical contextualisation will prepare the ground for a detailed textual analysis in which the focus will be not only the original moment of production of the text , but also , and by implication , its subsequent moments of reproduction in differing historical circumstances .
this initial historical contextualisation will prepare the ground for a detailed textual analysis in which the focus will be not only the original moment of production of the text , but also , and by implication , its [later] moments of reproduction in differing historical circumstances .

The subsequent phase between 1934 and 1939 signalled the return of the party from the political wilderness of sectarian isolationism .
the [later] phase between 1934 and 1939 signalled the return of the party from the political wilderness of sectarian isolationism .

This first phase ( 1934–9 ) is to be contrasted with a subsequent postwar phase ( 1945–56 ) , corresponding almost exactly with the lifespan of the French Fourth Republic and characterised in contrast by the bitter and polarized struggle of the Cold War period , a moment of relentless anti-communism in the Western world , a moment of uncompromising Zhdanovism in the Soviet sphere , when the cultural production of the French communist party was envisaged exclusively as a legitimate and necessary line of defence against an increasingly hostile capitalist onslaught .
this first phase ( 1934–9 ) is to be contrasted with a [later] postwar phase ( 1945–56 ) , corresponding almost exactly with the lifespan of the french fourth republic and characterised in contrast by the bitter and polarized struggle of the cold war period , a moment of relentless anti-communism in the western world , a moment of uncompromising zhdanovism in the soviet sphere , when the cultural production of the french communist party was envisaged exclusively as a legitimate and necessary line of defence against an increasingly hostile capitalist onslaught .

The educational impact and subsequent effect on patient management will require further study .
the educational impact and [later] effect on patient management will require further study .

The subsequent familiarity with the problems is often welcome by the patient .
the [later] familiarity with the problems is often welcome by the patient .

Editor , — Problem lists in hospital letters are an excellent way to improve communication , and they also enable quicker and more focused care for patients when they are reviewed at subsequent hospital appointments .
editor , — problem lists in hospital letters are an excellent way to improve communication , and they also enable quicker and more focused care for patients when they are reviewed at [later] hospital appointments .

The stress of pregnancy on the maternal pancreas provides a most powerful predictor of the subsequent development of impaired glucose tolerance and diabetes .
the stress of pregnancy on the maternal pancreas provides a most powerful predictor of the [later] development of impaired glucose tolerance and diabetes .

The absence of any relation between birth weight and change in blood pressure percentile rank between 5–7 and 9–11 years suggested that the relation between birth weight and blood pressure is established by 5–7 years and that the subsequent increase in the strength of the association is due to blood pressure tracking and to the increasing dispersion of the blood pressure distribution with age .
the absence of any relation between birth weight and change in blood pressure percentile rank between 5–7 and 9–11 years suggested that the relation between birth weight and blood pressure is established by 5–7 years and that the [later] increase in the strength of the association is due to blood pressure tracking and to the increasing dispersion of the blood pressure distribution with age .

Prematurity itself might influence subsequent health and so the effects of prematurity and birth weight ( adjusted for gestational age ) need to be clearly separated .
prematurity itself might influence [later] health and so the effects of prematurity and birth weight ( adjusted for gestational age ) need to be clearly separated .

Immaturity seems to play an important part in the subsequent development of respiratory illness in childhood .
immaturity seems to play an important part in the [later] development of respiratory illness in childhood .

No estimates of perinatal mortality rates were made for the units where few referrals and subsequent perinatal deaths occurred .
no estimates of perinatal mortality rates were made for the units where few referrals and [later] perinatal deaths occurred .

Recent data from King 's College Hospital have shown an unacceptable incidence of unrecognised maternal morbidity associated with caesarean section and this may be compounded by the need for repeated operative delivery in subsequent pregnancies .
recent data from king 's college hospital have shown an unacceptable incidence of unrecognised maternal morbidity associated with caesarean section and this may be compounded by the need for repeated operative delivery in [later] pregnancies .

All these men ( and presumably others with cancers detected at subsequent screening rounds ) would be exposed to the risks of radical prostatectomy , which may cause impotency in up to 42 % and urethrovesical stricture in 7 % .
all these men ( and presumably others with cancers detected at [later] screening rounds ) would be exposed to the risks of radical prostatectomy , which may cause impotency in up to 42 % and urethrovesical stricture in 7 % .

Furthermore , he published the results of his excavations fully in the four volumes of Excavations in Cranborne Chase , which have been a model for subsequent excavation reports .
furthermore , he published the results of his excavations fully in the four volumes of excavations in cranborne chase , which have been a model for [later] excavation reports .

With this sort of hierarchical team , the possibility of idiosyncratic judgements is minimized , and with the control of the recording in the supervisors ' hands , errors are more readily noted at the time they occur and can be corrected or allowed for in the subsequent analysis .
with this sort of hierarchical team , the possibility of idiosyncratic judgements is minimized , and with the control of the recording in the supervisors ' hands , errors are more readily noted at the time they occur and can be corrected or allowed for in the [later] analysis .

Even without this subsequent habitation , abandoned sites attract the dumping of rubbish , and during excavation a rubbish deposit may not be distinguishable from earlier occupation layers .
even without this [later] habitation , abandoned sites attract the dumping of rubbish , and during excavation a rubbish deposit may not be distinguishable from earlier occupation layers .

Initially assumed that the level of carbon 14 in the environment that was available to be absorbed by living things remained at a constant level , subsequent research has shown that the amount of carbon 14 varies , possibly as a result of sunspot activity .
initially assumed that the level of carbon 14 in the environment that was available to be absorbed by living things remained at a constant level , [later] research has shown that the amount of carbon 14 varies , possibly as a result of sunspot activity .

In some of his subsequent books this apparently effortless fluency denies the Possibility of conflict .
in some of his [later] books this apparently effortless fluency denies the possibility of conflict .

It is purely graphic , as are his subsequent posters , for Eureka Stockade ( 1949 ) , a turbulent scene entirely suitable for a ‘ spectacular drama of Australia 's Gold Rush ’ with its clash between miners and the colonial government , and for Where No Vultures Fly ( 1951 ) which was one of Ealing 's big box-office successes .
it is purely graphic , as are his [later] posters , for eureka stockade ( 1949 ) , a turbulent scene entirely suitable for a ‘ spectacular drama of australia 's gold rush ’ with its clash between miners and the colonial government , and for where no vultures fly ( 1951 ) which was one of ealing 's big box-office successes .

On subsequent visits to Spain Minton did reveal enough knowledge of Spanish to engage locals in conversations in bars , but in 1949 the only Spanish Bernard heard him say was ‘ No , melón !
on [later] visits to spain minton did reveal enough knowledge of spanish to engage locals in conversations in bars , but in 1949 the only spanish bernard heard him say was ‘ no , melón !

Bowler felt an immediate accord with Minton who chatted easily with him during this and subsequent sittings .
bowler felt an immediate accord with minton who chatted easily with him during this and [later] sittings .

The subsequent assignment of levels of attainment to certain age groups introduces a further layer of control on the ability of schools to respond to diversity .
the [later] assignment of levels of attainment to certain age groups introduces a further layer of control on the ability of schools to respond to diversity .

There is an interesting history associated with the split in the Blyth Labour Party following Eddie Milne 's deselection as parliamentary candidate and subsequent expulsion in the early 1970s .
there is an interesting history associated with the split in the blyth labour party following eddie milne 's deselection as parliamentary candidate and [later] expulsion in the early 1970s .

If the term disorganized capitalism is useful in describing a new set of relations , then some of these relations have changed at a level which might traditionally have been assigned to superstructure — at the levels of ideology or civil society , although these terms will require subsequent careful discussion .
if the term disorganized capitalism is useful in describing a new set of relations , then some of these relations have changed at a level which might traditionally have been assigned to superstructure — at the levels of ideology or civil society , although these terms will require [later] careful discussion .

What follows is abstract and will be developed in subsequent chapters , but the points are so obvious that they can be stated now .
what follows is abstract and will be developed in [later] chapters , but the points are so obvious that they can be stated now .

This requires extended consideration as part of the subsequent discussion of the state , but it is not by any means dissociated from industrial culture , although it has frequently been in opposition to it .
this requires extended consideration as part of the [later] discussion of the state , but it is not by any means dissociated from industrial culture , although it has frequently been in opposition to it .

In both localities we are dealing with events subsequent to the formulation and issuing of structure plans .
in both localities we are dealing with events [later] to the formulation and issuing of structure plans .

The exercise is principally an informational one : it ensures not only that the minister is informed of local views for and against a proposal but also that those views are tested in the inspector 's enquiry , and fully considered in the subsequent report by the inspector to the minister .
the exercise is principally an informational one : it ensures not only that the minister is informed of local views for and against a proposal but also that those views are tested in the inspector 's enquiry , and fully considered in the [later] report by the inspector to the minister .

The catalyst was the Crichel Down Enquiry in 1954 by the Minister of Agriculture into the sale and subsequent choosing of a tenant for Crichel Down in Dorset which had been purchased during the war as a bombing range ( Griffith , 1955 ) .
the catalyst was the crichel down enquiry in 1954 by the minister of agriculture into the sale and [later] choosing of a tenant for crichel down in dorset which had been purchased during the war as a bombing range ( griffith , 1955 ) .

The system set up by the National Insurance Act 1911 was continued under the subsequent amending legislation , but the benefits dealt with were insurance benefits and provided no help for the uninsured .
the system set up by the national insurance act 1911 was continued under the [later] amending legislation , but the benefits dealt with were insurance benefits and provided no help for the uninsured .

But three key findings have set the scene for subsequent debate on the system .
but three key findings have set the scene for [later] debate on the system .

The Court of Appeal is bound to refuse to follow a previous decision of its own which , even though not expressly overruled , can not in its opinion stand with a subsequent decision of the House of Lords .
the court of appeal is bound to refuse to follow a previous decision of its own which , even though not expressly overruled , can not in its opinion stand with a [later] decision of the house of lords .

The litigation and the subsequent enquiries by the Lay Observer and by the Law Society ( known as ‘ the Ely Report ’ ) revealed an appalling catalogue of errors , insensitivity and lack of sound judgment ( Lay Observer , 1984 ; Law Society , 1984 ) .
the litigation and the [later] enquiries by the lay observer and by the law society ( known as ‘ the ely report ’ ) revealed an appalling catalogue of errors , insensitivity and lack of sound judgment ( lay observer , 1984 ; law society , 1984 ) .

As yet this seems not to have been a frequent occurrence and the request was successfully rebuffed by some abbots of religious houses which did not own the king as patron , but a door had been opened which subsequent monarchs were to push far wider .
as yet this seems not to have been a frequent occurrence and the request was successfully rebuffed by some abbots of religious houses which did not own the king as patron , but a door had been opened which [later] monarchs were to push far wider .

The subsequent chronology of the licences , as well as the varying charges for them , reveal that the king was granting them for political and financial ends , to make friends and raise cash , particularly from the late 1290s when he desperately needed both .
the [later] chronology of the licences , as well as the varying charges for them , reveal that the king was granting them for political and financial ends , to make friends and raise cash , particularly from the late 1290s when he desperately needed both .

Here the influential Council of Europe publication The Threshold Level in a European Unit/Credit System for Modern Language Learning by Adults ( van Ek 1975 ) set the tone for many subsequent language courses , specifying social roles and psychological roles as two of the main parameters with which students need to cope ( the others are settings , topics , and language functions ) .
here the influential council of europe publication the threshold level in a european unit/credit system for modern language learning by adults ( van ek 1975 ) set the tone for many [later] language courses , specifying social roles and psychological roles as two of the main parameters with which students need to cope ( the others are settings , topics , and language functions ) .

It may be , of course , that such an inference is wrong , but , as discourse processors , we seem to prefer to make inferences which have some likelihood of being justified and , if some subsequent information does not fit in with this inference , we abandon it and form another . As an illustration of this , consider the following example ( 9 ) , taken from Sanford & Garrod ( 1981 : 10 ) :
it may be , of course , that such an inference is wrong , but , as discourse processors , we seem to prefer to make inferences which have some likelihood of being justified and , if some [later] information does not fit in with this inference , we abandon it and form another . as an illustration of this , consider the following example ( 9 ) , taken from sanford & garrod ( 1981 : 10 ) :

Since the incident reported takes place in Portugal ( Lisbon ) and any subsequent prison sentence will be served in Portugal , it is relevant that the priest is not Portuguese ( a … Spanish priest , the Spaniard ) .
since the incident reported takes place in portugal ( lisbon ) and any [later] prison sentence will be served in portugal , it is relevant that the priest is not portuguese ( a … spanish priest , the spaniard ) .

Another electronic effect , pioneered for this story , and thereafter used in all subsequent Dalek serials , was the Dalek extermination effect-a very simple trick of opening a camera 's aperture too wide , thereby admitting in too much light , swamping the camera 's electronics and causing it to send back to the gallery a negative image .
another electronic effect , pioneered for this story , and thereafter used in all [later] dalek serials , was the dalek extermination effect-a very simple trick of opening a camera 's aperture too wide , thereby admitting in too much light , swamping the camera 's electronics and causing it to send back to the gallery a negative image .

But in the tradition of all best laid plans , subsequent events overturned this scheme .
but in the tradition of all best laid plans , [later] events overturned this scheme .

Subsequent research seems , in fact , to have shown a very weak relationship between recall ( however measured , which is a technically very complex question in itself ) and other measures of advertising effectiveness .
[later] research seems , in fact , to have shown a very weak relationship between recall ( however measured , which is a technically very complex question in itself ) and other measures of advertising effectiveness .

These ‘ norms ’ have been shown to have very little relevance to the commercial 's subsequent marketplace performance , even if they are derived solely for the particular brand being advertised , and it is by no means clear what is actually being measured : it is certainly not the effectiveness of the commercial in the marketplace .
these ‘ norms ’ have been shown to have very little relevance to the commercial 's [later] marketplace performance , even if they are derived solely for the particular brand being advertised , and it is by no means clear what is actually being measured : it is certainly not the effectiveness of the commercial in the marketplace .

If copulation had indeed been the cause of Preston 's subsequent arrival on this earth , and she was far from admitting the connection , it had more than likely occurred in the seaside boarding house that was their eventual destination .
if copulation had indeed been the cause of preston 's [later] arrival on this earth , and she was far from admitting the connection , it had more than likely occurred in the seaside boarding house that was their eventual destination .

The point must also be made that , starting in 1987 , the portfolio spread its geographical wings , a strategy that was pursued energetically in subsequent years .
the point must also be made that , starting in 1987 , the portfolio spread its geographical wings , a strategy that was pursued energetically in [later] years .

It is possible to point to landmarks — the moment of ‘ quickening ’ when the mother first feels foetal movements within her ; the moment when the foetus first has potential for independent life — deemed by law to be 24 weeks from gestation ; the moment when the baby has been fully expelled or removed from the mother 's body ; the moment when the baby takes its first breath , with the anatomical changes in circulation that accompany this , and subsequent changes as the baby develops after birth which any parent will recognise .
it is possible to point to landmarks — the moment of ‘ quickening ’ when the mother first feels foetal movements within her ; the moment when the foetus first has potential for independent life — deemed by law to be 24 weeks from gestation ; the moment when the baby has been fully expelled or removed from the mother 's body ; the moment when the baby takes its first breath , with the anatomical changes in circulation that accompany this , and [later] changes as the baby develops after birth which any parent will recognise .

The subsequent references by the deceased to £17,000 as the value of his portfolio were not the subject of any rational explanation .
the [later] references by the deceased to £17,000 as the value of his portfolio were not the subject of any rational explanation .

( vii ) In every case it is made clear to the prisoner from the information supplied to him that he may not be recommended for release at the end of his tariff period at the first or any subsequent review .
( vii ) in every case it is made clear to the prisoner from the information supplied to him that he may not be recommended for release at the end of his tariff period at the first or any [later] review .

Since those recommendations are now made shortly after the trial , there will no longer be additional material such as reports on the prisoner 's subsequent behaviour , which would in any event be irrelevant to the requirements of retribution and deterrence .
since those recommendations are now made shortly after the trial , there will no longer be additional material such as reports on the prisoner 's [later] behaviour , which would in any event be irrelevant to the requirements of retribution and deterrence .

By a notice of appeal dated 6 September 1991 the solicitors appealed on the grounds that ( 1 ) the judge was wrong in law in holding that ( a ) under section 6(2) of the Act of 1986 the court had jurisdiction to order any person other than the contravener who appeared to the court to have been knowingly concerned in the contravention of section 3 of the Act to repay to investors sums paid by them to Pantell and ( b ) under section 61(1) of the Act the court had jurisdiction to order any person other than the contravener who appeared to the court to have been knowingly concerned in the contravention of any rules , regulations or provisions referred to in that section to repay to investors sums paid by them to Pantell ; ( 2 ) the court had no jurisdiction under sections 6(2) and 61(1) to award claims for compensation for loss against persons knowingly concerned in such contraventions in contrast to sections 6(3) to ( 7 ) and sections 61(3) to ( 7 ) ; ( 3 ) the judge was wrong in law in holding that ( a ) the power of the court under section 6(2) to order a person knowingly concerned in the contravention to take such steps as the court might direct for restoring the parties to the transaction to the position in which they were before the transaction was entered into and ( b ) the power of the court under section 61(1) to order a person knowingly concerned in the contravention of the rules , regulations or provisions referred to in that section to take such steps as the court might direct to remedy it included power to make a financial award against such person directing payment by that person to individual investors of sums equivalent to the amounts paid by such investors pursuant to the said transaction , neither subsection empowering the court to order restitution by the repayment of moneys outside the possession or control of the person concerned ; and ( 4 ) the judge erred in law ( a ) in his construction of sections 6(2) and 61(1) in failing to have regard to the principle ‘ generalibus specialia derogant , ’ in particular in holding that there could exist within each of sections 6 and 61 two parallel powers to order financial redress at the suit of the plaintiff , one derived from sections 6(3) and 6(4) and sections 61(3) and 61(4) respectively , which was subject to the limitations set out in those and subsequent subsections , and the other derived from section 6(2) and section 61(1) , which was subject to no such limitations ; ( b ) in rejecting the submission that sections 6 and 61 were essentially procedural and did not create new substantive legal rights and remedies ; and ( c ) in failing to have regard to the fact that the orders sought under paragraphs 11 and 13 of the prayer to the amended statement of claim required payment to the plaintiff or alternatively into court of moneys recovered thereunder from the solicitors despite the absence of any provisions for such orders in the Act , his dismissal of the summons being inconsistent with his finding that there was no provision in sections 6(2) or 61(1) directing payment into court and that any order under the sections would have to direct repayment of the sum paid to each individual investor who had made the original payment .
by a notice of appeal dated 6 september 1991 the solicitors appealed on the grounds that ( 1 ) the judge was wrong in law in holding that ( a ) under section 6(2) of the act of 1986 the court had jurisdiction to order any person other than the contravener who appeared to the court to have been knowingly concerned in the contravention of section 3 of the act to repay to investors sums paid by them to pantell and ( b ) under section 61(1) of the act the court had jurisdiction to order any person other than the contravener who appeared to the court to have been knowingly concerned in the contravention of any rules , regulations or provisions referred to in that section to repay to investors sums paid by them to pantell ; ( 2 ) the court had no jurisdiction under sections 6(2) and 61(1) to award claims for compensation for loss against persons knowingly concerned in such contraventions in contrast to sections 6(3) to ( 7 ) and sections 61(3) to ( 7 ) ; ( 3 ) the judge was wrong in law in holding that ( a ) the power of the court under section 6(2) to order a person knowingly concerned in the contravention to take such steps as the court might direct for restoring the parties to the transaction to the position in which they were before the transaction was entered into and ( b ) the power of the court under section 61(1) to order a person knowingly concerned in the contravention of the rules , regulations or provisions referred to in that section to take such steps as the court might direct to remedy it included power to make a financial award against such person directing payment by that person to individual investors of sums equivalent to the amounts paid by such investors pursuant to the said transaction , neither subsection empowering the court to order restitution by the repayment of moneys outside the possession or control of the person concerned ; and ( 4 ) the judge erred in law ( a ) in his construction of sections 6(2) and 61(1) in failing to have regard to the principle ‘ generalibus specialia derogant , ’ in particular in holding that there could exist within each of sections 6 and 61 two parallel powers to order financial redress at the suit of the plaintiff , one derived from sections 6(3) and 6(4) and sections 61(3) and 61(4) respectively , which was subject to the limitations set out in those and [later] subsections , and the other derived from section 6(2) and section 61(1) , which was subject to no such limitations ; ( b ) in rejecting the submission that sections 6 and 61 were essentially procedural and did not create new substantive legal rights and remedies ; and ( c ) in failing to have regard to the fact that the orders sought under paragraphs 11 and 13 of the prayer to the amended statement of claim required payment to the plaintiff or alternatively into court of moneys recovered thereunder from the solicitors despite the absence of any provisions for such orders in the act , his dismissal of the summons being inconsistent with his finding that there was no provision in sections 6(2) or 61(1) directing payment into court and that any order under the sections would have to direct repayment of the sum paid to each individual investor who had made the original payment .

The working party 's principal objective in introducing this provision was to make the refunds which the parties have to pay each other subsequent to a finding of nullity of the contract subject to the applicable law .
the working party 's principal objective in introducing this provision was to make the refunds which the parties have to pay each other [later] to a finding of nullity of the contract subject to the applicable law .

The notice of objection was expressly stated to be ‘ without prejudice to any challenge that may be made in any subsequent proceedings , for instance by way of an action in negligence . ’
the notice of objection was expressly stated to be ‘ without prejudice to any challenge that may be made in any [later] proceedings , for instance by way of an action in negligence . ’

‘ The comment in [ the letter of 5 August 1991 ] has been somewhat overtaken by subsequent events , in particular fighting between rival elements of the United Somalia Congress which broke out in November 1991 and in which thousands of people have been killed and injured .
‘ the comment in [ the letter of 5 august 1991 ] has been somewhat overtaken by [later] events , in particular fighting between rival elements of the united somalia congress which broke out in november 1991 and in which thousands of people have been killed and injured .

Contract — Mistake — Non est factum — Mistake as to document signed — Transfer on sale of freehold interest in house by donee of power of attorney — Donee unaware of power of attorney or nature and content of document — Subsequent mortgage by assignees and appropriation of moneys raised — Whether onus of proof of non est factum discharged — Whether sale ultra vires power of attorney
contract — mistake — non est factum — mistake as to document signed — transfer on sale of freehold interest in house by donee of power of attorney — donee unaware of power of attorney or nature and content of document — [later] mortgage by assignees and appropriation of moneys raised — whether onus of proof of non est factum discharged — whether sale ultra vires power of attorney

Children — Custody — Enforcement — Mother removing children from Australia without father 's knowledge in breach of joint custody rights — Father acquiescing in children 's removal — Father 's subsequent application for children 's return — Judge refusing to make order in interests of children — Whether children 's interests to be considered in court 's exercise of discretion — Child Abduction and Custody Act 1985 ( c. 60 ) , Sch .
children — custody — enforcement — mother removing children from australia without father 's knowledge in breach of joint custody rights — father acquiescing in children 's removal — father 's [later] application for children 's return — judge refusing to make order in interests of children — whether children 's interests to be considered in court 's exercise of discretion — child abduction and custody act 1985 ( c. 60 ) , sch .

The mother appealed to the Court of Appeal , submitting that the judge was in error in having found that the father had not subsequently acquiesced in the removal or subsequent retention of the children within the meaning of article 13 ( a ) of the Convention .
the mother appealed to the court of appeal , submitting that the judge was in error in having found that the father had not subsequently acquiesced in the removal or [later] retention of the children within the meaning of article 13 ( a ) of the convention .

Subsequent subsections empower the bank to take copies of documents obtained , and also to require information from directors and other officers . Subsection ( 11 ) provides :
[later] subsections empower the bank to take copies of documents obtained , and also to require information from directors and other officers . subsection ( 11 ) provides :

‘ Except as provided by the subsequent provisions of this Part of this Act — ( a ) no person who under or for the purposes of this Act receives information relating to the business or other affairs of any person ; and ( b ) no person who obtains any such information directly or indirectly from a person who has received it as aforesaid , shall disclose the information without the consent of the person to whom it relates and ( if different ) the person from whom it was received as aforesaid .
‘ except as provided by the [later] provisions of this part of this act — ( a ) no person who under or for the purposes of this act receives information relating to the business or other affairs of any person ; and ( b ) no person who obtains any such information directly or indirectly from a person who has received it as aforesaid , shall disclose the information without the consent of the person to whom it relates and ( if different ) the person from whom it was received as aforesaid .

’ Perhaps unwisely , as judged by subsequent events , the bank permitted overdrafts on both these accounts without apparently taking any form of guarantee or security from Dempsey .
’ perhaps unwisely , as judged by [later] events , the bank permitted overdrafts on both these accounts without apparently taking any form of guarantee or security from dempsey .

‘ One therefore reaches the anomalous situation whereby the earlier and stricter rule has been broadened , so it seems , by the weight of subsequent decisions .
‘ one therefore reaches the anomalous situation whereby the earlier and stricter rule has been broadened , so it seems , by the weight of [later] decisions .

In paragraph 8(d) ( i ) and ( ii ) of his affidavit , the coroner expresses an understandable anxiety that inquests should not be used as a medium for testing out evidence for subsequent civil litigation . He states :
in paragraph 8(d) ( i ) and ( ii ) of his affidavit , the coroner expresses an understandable anxiety that inquests should not be used as a medium for testing out evidence for [later] civil litigation . he states :

By re-amended notice of appeal dated 30 August 1991 the defendants sought an order to set aside or vary the judge 's order or to order a retrial and sought leave to adduce fresh evidence on the grounds , inter alia , ( 1 ) that the judge had erred in law in failing to take into account ( a ) the lack of a penal notice on the order which it was claimed that the appellants had breached ; and ( b ) the plaintiff 's delay of 18 months in applying for the committal order ; ( 2 ) that the judge 's decision was arrived at without regard to fresh evidence which the defendants had obtained since the hearing , part of which related to matters subsequent to the hearing and the remainder of which could not have been obtained with reasonable diligence ; which , if given , would probably have had an important influence on the result , which was credible and which should , therefore , be admitted ; ( 3 ) that , alternatively , the court should exercise its discretion to admit the fresh evidence as the liberty of the defendants was at risk ; and ( 4 ) that the sentence imposed was excessive .
by re-amended notice of appeal dated 30 august 1991 the defendants sought an order to set aside or vary the judge 's order or to order a retrial and sought leave to adduce fresh evidence on the grounds , inter alia , ( 1 ) that the judge had erred in law in failing to take into account ( a ) the lack of a penal notice on the order which it was claimed that the appellants had breached ; and ( b ) the plaintiff 's delay of 18 months in applying for the committal order ; ( 2 ) that the judge 's decision was arrived at without regard to fresh evidence which the defendants had obtained since the hearing , part of which related to matters [later] to the hearing and the remainder of which could not have been obtained with reasonable diligence ; which , if given , would probably have had an important influence on the result , which was credible and which should , therefore , be admitted ; ( 3 ) that , alternatively , the court should exercise its discretion to admit the fresh evidence as the liberty of the defendants was at risk ; and ( 4 ) that the sentence imposed was excessive .

In the result , the proceeds from that sale were not enough to discharge the first mortgage , let alone the subsequent ones .
in the result , the proceeds from that sale were not enough to discharge the first mortgage , let alone the [later] ones .

Decisions of the court upon the meanings of phrases used in Acts of Parliament may come , in the course of time , to give them the quality of terms of art which Parliament may well be assumed to have intended them to bring with them when used in subsequent legislation .
decisions of the court upon the meanings of phrases used in acts of parliament may come , in the course of time , to give them the quality of terms of art which parliament may well be assumed to have intended them to bring with them when used in [later] legislation .

Crime — Evidence — Documents , admissibility of — Statements by defendant in bankruptcy proceedings — Subsequent prosecution for theft offences — Whether documents admissible — Theft Act 1968 ( c. 60 ) , s. 31 — Insolvency Act 1986 ( c. 45 ) , s. 433
crime — evidence — documents , admissibility of — statements by defendant in bankruptcy proceedings — [later] prosecution for theft offences — whether documents admissible — theft act 1968 ( c. 60 ) , s. 31 — insolvency act 1986 ( c. 45 ) , s. 433

It is that wherever Parliament in an earlier statute has directed its attention to an individual case and has made provision for it unambiguously , there arises a presumption that if in a subsequent statute the legislature lays down a general principle , that general principle is not to be taken as meant to rip up what the legislature had before provided for individually , unless an intention to do so is specially declared .
it is that wherever parliament in an earlier statute has directed its attention to an individual case and has made provision for it unambiguously , there arises a presumption that if in a [later] statute the legislature lays down a general principle , that general principle is not to be taken as meant to rip up what the legislature had before provided for individually , unless an intention to do so is specially declared .

The fact that the rights which they exploited were only exercisable overseas was irrelevant in the absence of any financial interest in the subsequent exercise of the rights by the sub-licensee .
the fact that the rights which they exploited were only exercisable overseas was irrelevant in the absence of any financial interest in the [later] exercise of the rights by the sub-licensee .

If the petitioning creditor fails to appear at the hearing of the petition , it would seem that the petition must be dismissed and no subsequent petition by the same creditor can be presented in respect of the same debt without the leave of court ( r 6.26 ) .
if the petitioning creditor fails to appear at the hearing of the petition , it would seem that the petition must be dismissed and no [later] petition by the same creditor can be presented in respect of the same debt without the leave of court ( r 6.26 ) .

They replied that not only would we need planning permission , but that they would probably not grant it , and even if hey did , its subsequent use would be restricted to river users only .
they replied that not only would we need planning permission , but that they would probably not grant it , and even if hey did , its [later] use would be restricted to river users only .

According to the Shahs subsequent account , `` The atmosphere was grim .
according to the shahs [later] account , `` the atmosphere was grim .

The subsequent growth of Teheran had made the previous royal quarters in town too cramped and after an attempt on the Shah life in 19965 , on of several that he survived , the family had moved to Niavaran .
the [later] growth of teheran had made the previous royal quarters in town too cramped and after an attempt on the shah life in 19965 , on of several that he survived , the family had moved to niavaran .

It was often said later that it was in Switzerland that Muhammad Reza required a sympathy for aspect of democracy , and that his subsequent attempts to reconcile such notions with the governance of Iran proved to be difficult .
it was often said later that it was in switzerland that muhammad reza required a sympathy for aspect of democracy , and that his [later] attempts to reconcile such notions with the governance of iran proved to be difficult .

We were told that a previously logged area was burning , the humus-rich soil being deliberately set alight to free the nutrients in the soil for subsequent cultivation , and that the blaze was the size of Singapore .
we were told that a previously logged area was burning , the humus-rich soil being deliberately set alight to free the nutrients in the soil for [later] cultivation , and that the blaze was the size of singapore .

Naltrexone is an anti-euphoriant which masks any pleasure from subsequent use of opiate drugs and it is said to be non-addictive .
naltrexone is an anti-euphoriant which masks any pleasure from [later] use of opiate drugs and it is said to be non-addictive .

Some sufferers tell hair-raising stories of how they drove long distances or even flew aeroplanes yet had no subsequent recall of having done so .
some sufferers tell hair-raising stories of how they drove long distances or even flew aeroplanes yet had no [later] recall of having done so .

The total number of pieces of gum used in the first day should be gradually reduced over a subsequent period of ten days .
the total number of pieces of gum used in the first day should be gradually reduced over a [later] period of ten days .

This positive reinforcement of feelings in association with specific substances or behaviour becomes the basis for subsequent addiction .
this positive reinforcement of feelings in association with specific substances or behaviour becomes the basis for [later] addiction .

The strength of subsequent recovery will depend largely upon the willingness truly to hand over one 's will and the outcome of one 's life to a non-individual-human God .
the strength of [later] recovery will depend largely upon the willingness truly to hand over one 's will and the outcome of one 's life to a non-individual-human god .

The ones that are declared as inputting variables are used only for input and subsequent use in expressions .
the ones that are declared as inputting variables are used only for input and [later] use in expressions .

The normal form will characterise the first step of a process ' behaviour using the highest levels of syntax , and rely on inner levels to deal with subsequent steps .
the normal form will characterise the first step of a process ' behaviour using the highest levels of syntax , and rely on inner levels to deal with [later] steps .

( 6 ) The members of a licensing board for a district or licensing division of a district shall be elected at the first meeting of the district council held after the ordinary election of that council in 1977 and , in the case of subsequent elections , of those members : ( a ) except in so far as paragraph ( b ) below otherwise provides , at the first meeting of the council held after each Subsequent ordinary election of the council ; and ( b ) where a determination under subsection ( 3 ) above is made ( whether or not at such meeting of the council as is mentioned in paragraph ( a ) above ) , either : ( i ) at the meeting at which the determination is made ; or ( ii ) at the first meeting of the council held after such meeting as is mentioned in sub-paragraph ( i ) above .
( 6 ) the members of a licensing board for a district or licensing division of a district shall be elected at the first meeting of the district council held after the ordinary election of that council in 1977 and , in the case of [later] elections , of those members : ( a ) except in so far as paragraph ( b ) below otherwise provides , at the first meeting of the council held after each [later] ordinary election of the council ; and ( b ) where a determination under subsection ( 3 ) above is made ( whether or not at such meeting of the council as is mentioned in paragraph ( a ) above ) , either : ( i ) at the meeting at which the determination is made ; or ( ii ) at the first meeting of the council held after such meeting as is mentioned in sub-paragraph ( i ) above .

( 7 ) The members of a licensing board for an islands area or licensing division of an islands area shall be elected at a meeting of the council of the islands area to be held on a date between May 16 , 1977 and June 30 , 1977 to be determined by the council , and , in the case of subsequent elections of those members : ( a ) except in so far as paragraph ( b ) below otherwise provides , at the first meeting of the council held after each subsequent ordinary election of the council ; and ( b ) where a determination under subsection ( 3 ) above is made ( whether or not at such meeting of the council as is mentioned in paragraph ( a ) above ) , either : ( i ) at the meeting at which the determination is made ; or ( ii ) at the first meeting of the council held after such meeting as is mentioned in sub-paragraph ( i ) above .
( 7 ) the members of a licensing board for an islands area or licensing division of an islands area shall be elected at a meeting of the council of the islands area to be held on a date between may 16 , 1977 and june 30 , 1977 to be determined by the council , and , in the case of [later] elections of those members : ( a ) except in so far as paragraph ( b ) below otherwise provides , at the first meeting of the council held after each [later] ordinary election of the council ; and ( b ) where a determination under subsection ( 3 ) above is made ( whether or not at such meeting of the council as is mentioned in paragraph ( a ) above ) , either : ( i ) at the meeting at which the determination is made ; or ( ii ) at the first meeting of the council held after such meeting as is mentioned in sub-paragraph ( i ) above .

Where a licensing board has refused an application for a new licence in respect of any premises , the board shall not , within two years of its refusal , entertain a subsequent application for a new licence in respect of the same premises unless the board , at the time of refusing the first-mentioned application , makes a direction to the contrary .
where a licensing board has refused an application for a new licence in respect of any premises , the board shall not , within two years of its refusal , entertain a [later] application for a new licence in respect of the same premises unless the board , at the time of refusing the first-mentioned application , makes a direction to the contrary .

( 2 ) `` outline planning permission `` means planning permission granted in accordance with the provisions of a development order with the reservation for subsequent approval by the local planning authority or the Secretary of State of matters ( referred to in the section as reserved matters ) not particularised in the application ( s.39 ( 1 ) of the Town and Country Planning ( Scotland ) Act 1972 ) .
( 2 ) `` outline planning permission `` means planning permission granted in accordance with the provisions of a development order with the reservation for [later] approval by the local planning authority or the secretary of state of matters ( referred to in the section as reserved matters ) not particularised in the application ( s.39 ( 1 ) of the town and country planning ( scotland ) act 1972 ) .

If you have received " delay not determined " before failure , and no subsequent Eat do not land at the destination airfield .
if you have received " delay not determined " before failure , and no [later] eat do not land at the destination airfield .

He was the funnel through whom all subsequent experience of the Spirit of God would be mediated .
he was the funnel through whom all [later] experience of the spirit of god would be mediated .

The theme of the subsequent Scientific Meeting will be Medicine and Ethics .
the theme of the [later] scientific meeting will be medicine and ethics .

During the process of privatisation it will clearly not be a good idea to publish the amount received for each company , as it could well affect prices in subsequent sales .
during the process of privatisation it will clearly not be a good idea to publish the amount received for each company , as it could well affect prices in [later] sales .

The collation of this information and its subsequent analysis is seen to be central to the procedures within the unit .
the collation of this information and its [later] analysis is seen to be central to the procedures within the unit .

Consequently , the subsequent discussion will focus on different analyses which may be pursued before or after the initial investment .
consequently , the [later] discussion will focus on different analyses which may be pursued before or after the initial investment .

If a company adopts a definite cost-leadership strategy , and many do , detailed cost analysis and subsequent control on a life-cycle basis is absolutely critical for success .
if a company adopts a definite cost-leadership strategy , and many do , detailed cost analysis and [later] control on a life-cycle basis is absolutely critical for success .

It is a co-ordinating device and a legitimator of subsequent action , but , according to this area of literature , the development of the rational corporate plan is not a dominant decision-making process .
it is a co-ordinating device and a legitimator of [later] action , but , according to this area of literature , the development of the rational corporate plan is not a dominant decision-making process .

Increasingly , he found himself estranged from Laura , who , in the subsequent eleven years , ‘ never once asked me how things were going .
increasingly , he found himself estranged from laura , who , in the [later] eleven years , ‘ never once asked me how things were going .

But the ‘ cat and mouse ’ feeling had been growing stronger , ever since yesterday 's confrontation in his office and the subsequent tour of the marina .
but the ‘ cat and mouse ’ feeling had been growing stronger , ever since yesterday 's confrontation in his office and the [later] tour of the marina .

But , even if he could write the thing quickly , all the subsequent processes took such a bloody long time .
but , even if he could write the thing quickly , all the [later] processes took such a bloody long time .

We have dealt at some length with these important , if abortive , proposals because they throw a great deal of light on the complexities surrounding the financial control and management of public sector higher education and because they have influenced the subsequent debate concerning the need for some form of central control .
we have dealt at some length with these important , if abortive , proposals because they throw a great deal of light on the complexities surrounding the financial control and management of public sector higher education and because they have influenced the [later] debate concerning the need for some form of central control .

Moreover , a serious disadvantage is that a student enrolling for a Dip.HE course is not guaranteed , in every case , that on successful completion of the course he will secure a place on a subsequent degree course .
moreover , a serious disadvantage is that a student enrolling for a dip.he course is not guaranteed , in every case , that on successful completion of the course he will secure a place on a [later] degree course .

In 1917 qualified midwives in London charged 12/6d for first births and 10/ for subsequent ones ; by the late 1930s this had risen to between 25/ and 50/ for first births and 21/ to 40/ for subsequent ones .
in 1917 qualified midwives in london charged 12/6d for first births and 10/ for [later] ones ; by the late 1930s this had risen to between 25/ and 50/ for first births and 21/ to 40/ for [later] ones .

Before examining the subsequent development of natural justice , some examination of the background theory which justifies procedural rights is warranted .
before examining the [later] development of natural justice , some examination of the background theory which justifies procedural rights is warranted .

The subsequent years were characterised by a host of cases on natural justice in which the courts were concerned not just with the content of those rules but with the criterion for their applicability .
the [later] years were characterised by a host of cases on natural justice in which the courts were concerned not just with the content of those rules but with the criterion for their applicability .

The case law subsequent to Ridge v. Baldwin has used a variety of criteria to determine whether natural justice should be applied .
the case law [later] to ridge v. baldwin has used a variety of criteria to determine whether natural justice should be applied .

The statute also applies to ministerial decisions subsequent to statutory inquiries .
the statute also applies to ministerial decisions [later] to statutory inquiries .

While many of the subsequent developments are to be welcomed , certain cautionary notes should be sounded .
while many of the [later] developments are to be welcomed , certain cautionary notes should be sounded .

If a particular interest group challenges an agency decision , claiming that the rights of property owners were not adequately considered , or that the interests of the environment were improperly excluded , the subsequent judicial review will inevitably entail some vision concerning the nature of such interests within the overall constitutional structure , the relevance of such interests in this statutory scheme , and their relationship with other statutory goals .
if a particular interest group challenges an agency decision , claiming that the rights of property owners were not adequately considered , or that the interests of the environment were improperly excluded , the [later] judicial review will inevitably entail some vision concerning the nature of such interests within the overall constitutional structure , the relevance of such interests in this statutory scheme , and their relationship with other statutory goals .

Subsequent study , while not necessarily endorsing all of the ‘ incremental thesis , ’ has been directed towards understanding which factors an official will take into account .
[later] study , while not necessarily endorsing all of the ‘ incremental thesis , ’ has been directed towards understanding which factors an official will take into account .

Where quality is designed into a product , the benefits can be long product life , absence of faults and subsequent breakdowns , reliability , increase in value and many others .
where quality is designed into a product , the benefits can be long product life , absence of faults and [later] breakdowns , reliability , increase in value and many others .

Advertising aims to attract attention and subsequent purchases by means of persuasively communicating product information via the media ( the press , radio and television , direct mail and outdoor posters ) .
advertising aims to attract attention and [later] purchases by means of persuasively communicating product information via the media ( the press , radio and television , direct mail and outdoor posters ) .

Only consider able pressure during the energy and economic crises and the subsequent desire for energy self-sufficiency and economic recovery achieved any relaxation in the aim : the primary goal of a clean atmosphere remained largely the same but the stringent deadlines for achieving this were sacrificed .
only consider able pressure during the energy and economic crises and the [later] desire for energy self-sufficiency and economic recovery achieved any relaxation in the aim : the primary goal of a clean atmosphere remained largely the same but the stringent deadlines for achieving this were sacrificed .

Apprentices trained by the great engineers such as Robert Stephenson introduced the best practice in their subsequent careers ; they were therefore sought after , and a high premium was charged when a boy was taken on .
apprentices trained by the great engineers such as robert stephenson introduced the best practice in their [later] careers ; they were therefore sought after , and a high premium was charged when a boy was taken on .

This approach not only ignored wider political and administrative factors but , as Regan ( 1983 , p. 45 ) observes , was too limiting : it was unable to encompass the ‘ variability , ambiguity , complexity and reciprocity ’ that subsequent studies have suggested obtain in central-local relations .
this approach not only ignored wider political and administrative factors but , as regan ( 1983 , p. 45 ) observes , was too limiting : it was unable to encompass the ‘ variability , ambiguity , complexity and reciprocity ’ that [later] studies have suggested obtain in central-local relations .

Between 1958/9 and 1979/80 it rose sharply ( in England from 36.1 per cent to 48.5 per cent ) , but this did not automatically mean more central control , any more than the subsequent fall by 1984/5 to 39.2 per cent meant increased local freedom ( all figures from Travers , 1986 , table app .
between 1958/9 and 1979/80 it rose sharply ( in england from 36.1 per cent to 48.5 per cent ) , but this did not automatically mean more central control , any more than the [later] fall by 1984/5 to 39.2 per cent meant increased local freedom ( all figures from travers , 1986 , table app .

Individual authorities overspending their allocations are likely to suffer consequent reductions in subsequent years ; indeed , those deliberately overspending supplemented allocations can be prevented from letting new contracts by ministerial order .
individual authorities overspending their allocations are likely to suffer consequent reductions in [later] years ; indeed , those deliberately overspending supplemented allocations can be prevented from letting new contracts by ministerial order .

In the long term , they argue ( p. 121 ) ‘ the constitutional issues ’ outweigh ‘ the disorganisation of local finances , and the breakdown of central-local relations … The British system of government … was already highly centralised in 1979 , and subsequent legislation has produced a quantum jump towards a more powerful and centralised state ’ .
in the long term , they argue ( p. 121 ) ‘ the constitutional issues ’ outweigh ‘ the disorganisation of local finances , and the breakdown of central-local relations … the british system of government … was already highly centralised in 1979 , and [later] legislation has produced a quantum jump towards a more powerful and centralised state ’ .

Indeed , it might be argued that subsequent elite and pluralist theories are nineteenth- and twentieth-century reaction to this analysis .
indeed , it might be argued that [later] elite and pluralist theories are nineteenth- and twentieth-century reaction to this analysis .

As we shall see in subsequent chapters , elite and pluralist theories locate power in areas of social and political life very different from those put forward in Marxist accounts .
as we shall see in [later] chapters , elite and pluralist theories locate power in areas of social and political life very different from those put forward in marxist accounts .

Obviously this had led to considerable controversy between Marxists and non-Marxists as to whether Marx had fully understood capitalism and whether or not subsequent developments have invalidated his account of its structure of power .
obviously this had led to considerable controversy between marxists and non-marxists as to whether marx had fully understood capitalism and whether or not [later] developments have invalidated his account of its structure of power .

Pluralism we discuss separately in Chapter 5 , but before concluding this chapter we must briefly refer to the subsequent history of elitism .
pluralism we discuss separately in chapter 5 , but before concluding this chapter we must briefly refer to the [later] history of elitism .

As we shall see in subsequent case studies , this problem is likely to reappear .
as we shall see in [later] case studies , this problem is likely to reappear .

Antibodies are proteins which , once synthesized by cells of the immune system to counter and inactivate ‘ foreign ’ molecules , enable the body to retain the ‘ memory , for the intruder and hence the capacity rapidly to inactivate it on subsequent invasion .
antibodies are proteins which , once synthesized by cells of the immune system to counter and inactivate ‘ foreign ’ molecules , enable the body to retain the ‘ memory , for the intruder and hence the capacity rapidly to inactivate it on [later] invasion .

Perhaps it is indeed learning that there is no escape from the shock — and such learning may be very important to its subsequent behaviour .
perhaps it is indeed learning that there is no escape from the shock — and such learning may be very important to its [later] behaviour .

Kandel , trained as a psychiatrist , spent a period working on Aplysia with Ladislav Tauc in Paris in the 1960s , saw the potential of the organism , initially for the study of short-term processes such as habituation , and over the subsequent quarter-century in New York he has made its study peculiarly his own and that of the generations of researchers who have cut their teeth in this Columbia laboratory .
kandel , trained as a psychiatrist , spent a period working on aplysia with ladislav tauc in paris in the 1960s , saw the potential of the organism , initially for the study of short-term processes such as habituation , and over the [later] quarter-century in new york he has made its study peculiarly his own and that of the generations of researchers who have cut their teeth in this columbia laboratory .

The subsequent collapse of the rodent population due to competition and over-predation leads in turn to the collapse of aerial predator populations , temporarily restoring an unstable balance .
the [later] collapse of the rodent population due to competition and over-predation leads in turn to the collapse of aerial predator populations , temporarily restoring an unstable balance .

The subsequent history of the upwelled water determines its main characteristics .
the [later] history of the upwelled water determines its main characteristics .

Temperate species are slow to accept it ; those that de-hardened and resumed growth at the first sign of spring warming would suffer severe damage in subsequent frosts .
temperate species are slow to accept it ; those that de-hardened and resumed growth at the first sign of spring warming would suffer severe damage in [later] frosts .

From the Canadian Arctic Porsild ( 1951 ) records catkins forming on Salix richardsonii , one of the dwarf willows , during an unseasonable warm spell in April ; the catkins were frozen solid during a subsequent three-week spell of intense cold , but resumed flowering immediately afterwards and set seed in June .
from the canadian arctic porsild ( 1951 ) records catkins forming on salix richardsonii , one of the dwarf willows , during an unseasonable warm spell in april ; the catkins were frozen solid during a [later] three-week spell of intense cold , but resumed flowering immediately afterwards and set seed in june .

The Bridge disaster , along with the subsequent events on Moloch , had thrown Piper 's carefully calculated schedules into complete disarray .
the bridge disaster , along with the [later] events on moloch , had thrown piper 's carefully calculated schedules into complete disarray .

That being so , they should feature prominently both in the selection process for headship and in subsequent management support and training .
that being so , they should feature prominently both in the selection process for headship and in [later] management support and training .

The changes in public spending on welfare services since 1974 are examined in detail , with the outcomes for each service , in Hills ( 1990 ) and summarised in subsequent chapters in this book .
the changes in public spending on welfare services since 1974 are examined in detail , with the outcomes for each service , in hills ( 1990 ) and summarised in [later] chapters in this book .

The Chancellor 's Autumn Statement and subsequent central grant settlement sets financial parameters within which local authorities will have to work .
the chancellor 's autumn statement and [later] central grant settlement sets financial parameters within which local authorities will have to work .

Although the landscape did not disappoint me nearly as severely as it did Johnson — subsequent farmers have grown many trees , and in the distance a great house still touches the sky — Monboddo may no longer be considered a classical Scottish fortified house .
although the landscape did not disappoint me nearly as severely as it did johnson — [later] farmers have grown many trees , and in the distance a great house still touches the sky — monboddo may no longer be considered a classical scottish fortified house .

In a footnote to an observation made in Mull , Boswell writes , ‘ It is no small satisfaction to me to reflect , that Dr Johnson read this , and , after being apprised of my intention , communicated to me , at subsequent periods , many particulars of his life , which probably could not otherwise have been preserved .
in a footnote to an observation made in mull , boswell writes , ‘ it is no small satisfaction to me to reflect , that dr johnson read this , and , after being apprised of my intention , communicated to me , at [later] periods , many particulars of his life , which probably could not otherwise have been preserved .

Whereas Marxism-Leninism does not always take a wholly positive attitude towards the peasantry , identifying petit bourgeois tendencies — particularly amongst the less impoverished — which can make them a sometimes unreliable ally , Mariátegui and subsequent Latin American Marxists have pointed to a dual oppression — both economic and racial .
whereas marxism-leninism does not always take a wholly positive attitude towards the peasantry , identifying petit bourgeois tendencies — particularly amongst the less impoverished — which can make them a sometimes unreliable ally , mariátegui and [later] latin american marxists have pointed to a dual oppression — both economic and racial .

The Communist parties inevitably lost credibility as a result of staunchly adhering to the Comintern line throughout the series of volte-face involved in the Nazi-Soviet pact of 1939 and the subsequent German invasion of Soviet Russia in June 1941 .
the communist parties inevitably lost credibility as a result of staunchly adhering to the comintern line throughout the series of volte-face involved in the nazi-soviet pact of 1939 and the [later] german invasion of soviet russia in june 1941 .

There is no doubt that the launching of the first earth satellite ( Sputnik ) in 1957 — which , at least in Soviet minds , symbolised the idea that socialism was the wave of the future — together with the successful Soviet testing and subsequent deployment of Inter-Continental Ballistic Missiles produced a decided shift in both Soviet and American perceptions of international relations .
there is no doubt that the launching of the first earth satellite ( sputnik ) in 1957 — which , at least in soviet minds , symbolised the idea that socialism was the wave of the future — together with the successful soviet testing and [later] deployment of inter-continental ballistic missiles produced a decided shift in both soviet and american perceptions of international relations .

The mass picket helped justify such subsequent developments as more mobile squads of police , greater mutual aid between forces and the introduction of the Employment Act 1980 which outlawed secondary picketing and allowed the police to determine the maximum size of the picket .
the mass picket helped justify such [later] developments as more mobile squads of police , greater mutual aid between forces and the introduction of the employment act 1980 which outlawed secondary picketing and allowed the police to determine the maximum size of the picket .

According to them , the subsequent involvement of skinhead supporters contributed to the notoriety of the ends .
according to them , the [later] involvement of skinhead supporters contributed to the notoriety of the ends .

Based on research carried out by a team from Leicester University , this study , and subsequent articles arising from it ( e.g .
based on research carried out by a team from leicester university , this study , and [later] articles arising from it ( e.g .

Singer ( 1970 ) explored the argument that television coverage encourages subsequent riot participation .
singer ( 1970 ) explored the argument that television coverage encourages [later] riot participation .

Subsequent riots were represented almost unequivocally in terms of the ‘ law and order discourse ’ .
[later] riots were represented almost unequivocally in terms of the ‘ law and order discourse ’ .

This move hindered subsequent investigation into Bloody Sunday and nullified further criticism of the Army — largely because the government 's Press Office appealed for the suspension of any media coverage which might prejudice the Tribunal 's findings .
this move hindered [later] investigation into bloody sunday and nullified further criticism of the army — largely because the government 's press office appealed for the suspension of any media coverage which might prejudice the tribunal 's findings .

The British answer was that they would prefer to view the present difficulty in the wider context of the general European refugee situation , but that they might be prepared to consider possible subsequent entry of the Jews to Britain after their return to Germany .
the british answer was that they would prefer to view the present difficulty in the wider context of the general european refugee situation , but that they might be prepared to consider possible [later] entry of the jews to britain after their return to germany .

Roman Ingarden 's seminal work The Literary Work of Art provided the basis for much subsequent analysis of the nature of fiction and the process of reading .
roman ingarden 's seminal work the literary work of art provided the basis for much [later] analysis of the nature of fiction and the process of reading .

The increase in police powers and the subsequent curtailment in civil liberties , rest on the Conservative Party 's alarm over the increase in crime .
the increase in police powers and the [later] curtailment in civil liberties , rest on the conservative party 's alarm over the increase in crime .

We need look no further than the police handling of the Poll Tax demonstrators in March 1990 and the subsequent attempt by the then Home Secretary to turn this into an issue of law and order .
we need look no further than the police handling of the poll tax demonstrators in march 1990 and the [later] attempt by the then home secretary to turn this into an issue of law and order .

Further cuts were made in 1985 — 2 per cent in real terms — and subsequent years showed similar reductions so that the universities were forced to cut staff by any means they could .
further cuts were made in 1985 — 2 per cent in real terms — and [later] years showed similar reductions so that the universities were forced to cut staff by any means they could .

In the first year of its operation only 5 per cent of polytechnic and college funding was allocated on the basis of competitive bidding , but the proportion is expected to be increased to 10 per cent in 1991 and further increases in subsequent years can be anticipated .
in the first year of its operation only 5 per cent of polytechnic and college funding was allocated on the basis of competitive bidding , but the proportion is expected to be increased to 10 per cent in 1991 and further increases in [later] years can be anticipated .

In 1990 they considerably more than doubled and further increases are planned for 1991 and subsequent years until they approach the full cost of providing courses .
in 1990 they considerably more than doubled and further increases are planned for 1991 and [later] years until they approach the full cost of providing courses .

Changing dates , numbers travelling or holiday type are major changes which we may have to treat as cancellation and subsequent re-booking .
changing dates , numbers travelling or holiday type are major changes which we may have to treat as cancellation and [later] re-booking .

If you do not give us this information , or you give false information , you may be subject to a penalty of £50 for the first offence and £200 for any subsequent offence .
if you do not give us this information , or you give false information , you may be subject to a penalty of £50 for the first offence and £200 for any [later] offence .

Yet in the course of the relatively unglamorous tasks of monitoring debtors and persuading recalcitrant payers to settle their obligations without endangering subsequent orders , a vast bank of data has been ( or should have been ! )
yet in the course of the relatively unglamorous tasks of monitoring debtors and persuading recalcitrant payers to settle their obligations without endangering [later] orders , a vast bank of data has been ( or should have been ! )

Such reports should not only discuss what problems might have emerged , and their time and cost implications , but also attempt to anticipate any subsequent difficulties to offer advance warning of any requests for supplementary expenditure .
such reports should not only discuss what problems might have emerged , and their time and cost implications , but also attempt to anticipate any [later] difficulties to offer advance warning of any requests for supplementary expenditure .

More importantly , the lessons learned from a post-audit may be applied in subsequent appraisals .
more importantly , the lessons learned from a post-audit may be applied in [later] appraisals .

Set in the beautiful Cotswold countryside near the village of Broadway , in 1919 Snowshill Manor became the home of Charles Paget Wade and his subsequent eclectic collection of artefacts , including among other things clocks , bicycles , musical instruments and samurai warriors ' armour .
set in the beautiful cotswold countryside near the village of broadway , in 1919 snowshill manor became the home of charles paget wade and his [later] eclectic collection of artefacts , including among other things clocks , bicycles , musical instruments and samurai warriors ' armour .

If true , then the question that Wood 's discovery posed was how had a series of churches and a chateau of proven antiquity ( with each building nearly 1,000 years old ) , been positioned in mountainous countryside ? Subsequent meetings with David Wood , far from resolving the enigma of Rennes-le-Chateau , only revealed greater complexity as new geometry was discovered .
if true , then the question that wood 's discovery posed was how had a series of churches and a chateau of proven antiquity ( with each building nearly 1,000 years old ) , been positioned in mountainous countryside ? [later] meetings with david wood , far from resolving the enigma of rennes-le-chateau , only revealed greater complexity as new geometry was discovered .

Unfortunately , most of these were stolen while the battalion was camped on Salisbury Plain , so subsequent issues were in brass .
unfortunately , most of these were stolen while the battalion was camped on salisbury plain , so [later] issues were in brass .

Wulfhere 's subsequent advance to the Isle of Wight suggests a near-total collapse of political and military order south of the Thames .
wulfhere 's [later] advance to the isle of wight suggests a near-total collapse of political and military order south of the thames .

Following his subsequent quarrel with King Aldfrith c .
following his [later] quarrel with king aldfrith c .

Likewise , one may say that much of the Lancashire and Yorkshire textiles industries developed from the 1790s to 1810 , and from 1842 to 1873 , and declined in subsequent downswings .
likewise , one may say that much of the lancashire and yorkshire textiles industries developed from the 1790s to 1810 , and from 1842 to 1873 , and declined in [later] downswings .

The shift of people into the Midlands and south of England slowed substantially during the later 1960s and early 1970s , but its subsequent re-emergence formed one of the key features of the 1980s , along with the ‘ transfer ’ of large parts of the Midlands into the North ( Green , 1988 ; Lewis and Townsend , 1989 ; Martin , 1989a ) .
the shift of people into the midlands and south of england slowed substantially during the later 1960s and early 1970s , but its [later] re-emergence formed one of the key features of the 1980s , along with the ‘ transfer ’ of large parts of the midlands into the north ( green , 1988 ; lewis and townsend , 1989 ; martin , 1989a ) .

Even in 1970–71 London 's net loss of population was skewed towards non-manual workers and owner-occupiers , but the subsequent reduction in the scale of movement had its greatest effect on the proportion of public-sector tenants and of lower-income sections of the labour force , both manual and non-manual .
even in 1970–71 london 's net loss of population was skewed towards non-manual workers and owner-occupiers , but the [later] reduction in the scale of movement had its greatest effect on the proportion of public-sector tenants and of lower-income sections of the labour force , both manual and non-manual .

The focus of the inter-war depression in Scotland , the Northern Region and Wales is universally attributed to specialization in a narrow band of declining industries , and these areas were identified as the principal target of regional policy for the subsequent decades .
the focus of the inter-war depression in scotland , the northern region and wales is universally attributed to specialization in a narrow band of declining industries , and these areas were identified as the principal target of regional policy for the [later] decades .

Subsequent legislation followed the same pattern , extending legal control over familiar areas such as indecency , prostitution and brothel-keeping and creating new offences around male homosexuality and incest .
[later] legislation followed the same pattern , extending legal control over familiar areas such as indecency , prostitution and brothel-keeping and creating new offences around male homosexuality and incest .

Since these experiences will have been in the schools in which the workshop teachers teach , it is obvious that there will be a great deal of sharing of ideas before the actual presentations and their subsequent discussions take place .
since these experiences will have been in the schools in which the workshop teachers teach , it is obvious that there will be a great deal of sharing of ideas before the actual presentations and their [later] discussions take place .

The Garden City implied the primacy of the central city over a surrounding hinterland , but the subsequent contribution of Patrick Geddes was more explicit , advocating civic and regional surveys to demonstrate the interlinkages between a town and its region .
the garden city implied the primacy of the central city over a surrounding hinterland , but the [later] contribution of patrick geddes was more explicit , advocating civic and regional surveys to demonstrate the interlinkages between a town and its region .

Duncan Sandys ' initiative in creating this body ( not without some alarm expressed by his senior officials in the Ministry of Housing and Local Government ) was soon to pay dividends , because it directly fostered the subsequent founding of a large number of local societies ( 1,200 , ultimately by the mid-1980s ) .
duncan sandys ' initiative in creating this body ( not without some alarm expressed by his senior officials in the ministry of housing and local government ) was soon to pay dividends , because it directly fostered the [later] founding of a large number of local societies ( 1,200 , ultimately by the mid-1980s ) .

She 'd been surprised and off-balance on hearing his voice , but her subsequent enthusiasm and willingness to help him out had been well-feigned .
she 'd been surprised and off-balance on hearing his voice , but her [later] enthusiasm and willingness to help him out had been well-feigned .

The test model displayed extreme hyperactivity , and as curare was not immediately available ( and would , in any case , have tended to invalidate subsequent observations ) the more traditional method of a minute 's hanging was employed to subdue the animal .
the test model displayed extreme hyperactivity , and as curare was not immediately available ( and would , in any case , have tended to invalidate [later] observations ) the more traditional method of a minute 's hanging was employed to subdue the animal .

After all , it was their people who would suffer most from the subsequent food shortages .
after all , it was their people who would suffer most from the [later] food shortages .

It seemed to Charlotte as if she did not sleep at all that night , though her subsequent recollections of dreaming about telephones and disembodied voices suggested otherwise .
it seemed to charlotte as if she did not sleep at all that night , though her [later] recollections of dreaming about telephones and disembodied voices suggested otherwise .

And subsequent events had shown just how much more .
and [later] events had shown just how much more .

In a subsequent experiment , boys in four out of five autocratic groups showed ‘ apathetic ’ behaviour and lack of aggression .
in a [later] experiment , boys in four out of five autocratic groups showed ‘ apathetic ’ behaviour and lack of aggression .

In a subsequent publication many years later ( 1960 ) Lippitt and White investigated the effect of leadership on productivity in different groups . They concluded that :
in a [later] publication many years later ( 1960 ) lippitt and white investigated the effect of leadership on productivity in different groups . they concluded that :

proceedings may be dominated by outspoken or aggressive members , thus unduly influencing decisions and subsequent action , perhaps adversely , ie. there may be ; ‘ tyranny ’ by a minority .
proceedings may be dominated by outspoken or aggressive members , thus unduly influencing decisions and [later] action , perhaps adversely , ie. there may be ; ‘ tyranny ’ by a minority .

to accumulate knowledge ( for subsequent re-use and further learning ) ; and
to accumulate knowledge ( for [later] re-use and further learning ) ; and

What happened was that the water first backed up behind the lipped edge of the top step , then over-flowed , and spilled with increasing force , in a sort of hydro-chain-reaction , down each subsequent step to the bottom of the channel .
what happened was that the water first backed up behind the lipped edge of the top step , then over-flowed , and spilled with increasing force , in a sort of hydro-chain-reaction , down each [later] step to the bottom of the channel .

Norris , still clad in his white lab coat , was one of those medical students whom fate has seemingly marked out to spend the bulk of their studies and initial training suffering from quite stupendous hangovers incurred through the intake of near-fatal levels of alcohol the night before , and their subsequent professional careers sternly finger-wagging at any member of the general public who dares to consume over the course of a week what they themselves had been perfectly happy to sink during the average evening .
norris , still clad in his white lab coat , was one of those medical students whom fate has seemingly marked out to spend the bulk of their studies and initial training suffering from quite stupendous hangovers incurred through the intake of near-fatal levels of alcohol the night before , and their [later] professional careers sternly finger-wagging at any member of the general public who dares to consume over the course of a week what they themselves had been perfectly happy to sink during the average evening .

Damory 's promise to pay Lancaster just over £600 may help to account for both this reconciliation and a subsequent review of royal grants which allowed Damory to keep virtually all that he had gained .
damory 's promise to pay lancaster just over £600 may help to account for both this reconciliation and a [later] review of royal grants which allowed damory to keep virtually all that he had gained .

The resulting exposition is so authoritative that practitioners and the courts departed from it only rarely unless subsequent developments made this necessary .
the resulting exposition is so authoritative that practitioners and the courts departed from it only rarely unless [later] developments made this necessary .

His retention of the custody of a number of escheated royal honours in Essex and of Hadleigh Castle ( originally granted to him in July 1264 ) until the end of 1265 or beginning of 1266 , and his subsequent association with John de Burgh in June 1266 in the keeping of the peace in the counties of Essex and Hertfordshire , indicate that he successfully negotiated the transition from Montfortian rule to royalist restoration after the battle of Evesham .
his retention of the custody of a number of escheated royal honours in essex and of hadleigh castle ( originally granted to him in july 1264 ) until the end of 1265 or beginning of 1266 , and his [later] association with john de burgh in june 1266 in the keeping of the peace in the counties of essex and hertfordshire , indicate that he successfully negotiated the transition from montfortian rule to royalist restoration after the battle of evesham .

Unfortunately subsequent events , particularly the tragic fate of the Assyrians in the summer of 1933 , showed the minorities ' fears to have been well founded .
unfortunately [later] events , particularly the tragic fate of the assyrians in the summer of 1933 , showed the minorities ' fears to have been well founded .

The story of his subsequent career is an unusually dramatic one .
the story of his [later] career is an unusually dramatic one .

, ( Augusta ) Ada , Countess of Lovelace ( 1815–1852 ) , mathematician , was born 10 December 1815 at 13 Piccadilly Terrace , London , the only child of George Gordon Byron , sixth Baron Byron [ q.v. ] , poet , and his wife Anne Isabella , daughter of Sir Ralph Milbanke Noel , baronet . Soon after her birth and the subsequent celebrated break-up of her parents ' marriage , she became famous through the lines of Byron 's poem ‘ Childe Harold ’ ( canto 3 , lines 1–5 ) :
, ( augusta ) ada , countess of lovelace ( 1815–1852 ) , mathematician , was born 10 december 1815 at 13 piccadilly terrace , london , the only child of george gordon byron , sixth baron byron [ q.v. ] , poet , and his wife anne isabella , daughter of sir ralph milbanke noel , baronet . soon after her birth and the [later] celebrated break-up of her parents ' marriage , she became famous through the lines of byron 's poem ‘ childe harold ’ ( canto 3 , lines 1–5 ) :

Subsequent works designed by him include the north range at Clare ( 1682–6 ) and probably the rebuilding of St Catharine 's College ( 1674–1704 ) .
[later] works designed by him include the north range at clare ( 1682–6 ) and probably the rebuilding of st catharine 's college ( 1674–1704 ) .

or to the subsequent rococo Gothic of William Kent [ q.v . ]
or to the [later] rococo gothic of william kent [ q.v . ]

Through her travels and writings ( which included a novel , Maid of Sark , in 1939 and an autobiography , Dame of Sark , 1961 ) and television , radio , and press interviews , her island became known worldwide and its subsequent prosperity owed much to her determination to retain its unique laws and peaceful atmosphere , unpolluted by cars or aeroplanes .
through her travels and writings ( which included a novel , maid of sark , in 1939 and an autobiography , dame of sark , 1961 ) and television , radio , and press interviews , her island became known worldwide and its [later] prosperity owed much to her determination to retain its unique laws and peaceful atmosphere , unpolluted by cars or aeroplanes .

He was happiest at the field meetings of natural history societies and the subsequent festivities , where he could give free rein to his talents as a ballad singer and after-dinner speaker .
he was happiest at the field meetings of natural history societies and the [later] festivities , where he could give free rein to his talents as a ballad singer and after-dinner speaker .

In this , he articulated the theme of all his subsequent writings , that religion is the dynamic of all social culture .
in this , he articulated the theme of all his [later] writings , that religion is the dynamic of all social culture .

The large prints which he brought out by royal command to commemorate the coronation and opening of the House of Commons in 1838 , and the prints he produced , subsequent to an interview with Albert , to commemorate the Great Exhibition , were hopelessly delayed and proved very expensive failures .
the large prints which he brought out by royal command to commemorate the coronation and opening of the house of commons in 1838 , and the prints he produced , [later] to an interview with albert , to commemorate the great exhibition , were hopelessly delayed and proved very expensive failures .

Subsequent work by Aitken was largely within the field of meteorology , although he maintained other interests .
[later] work by aitken was largely within the field of meteorology , although he maintained other interests .

Little is known of Cameron 's subsequent activities , except for a series of financial differences with his father , until he is recorded in 1779 as being established in St Petersburg at the court of Catherine the Great .
little is known of cameron 's [later] activities , except for a series of financial differences with his father , until he is recorded in 1779 as being established in st petersburg at the court of catherine the great .

Between 1886 and 1888 MacArthur and the Forrests registered patents in Britain covering a new process of gold and silver recovery , based on dissolving crushed ore in potassium cyanide solution and subsequent filtration through metallic zinc .
between 1886 and 1888 macarthur and the forrests registered patents in britain covering a new process of gold and silver recovery , based on dissolving crushed ore in potassium cyanide solution and [later] filtration through metallic zinc .

From the subsequent descent of his estates it can be established that John 's heir was one Thomas Clanvow , either a son or a brother ; but the general uncertainty attending the family pedigree makes it impossible to establish with accuracy the relationship between him and other members of the family .
from the [later] descent of his estates it can be established that john 's heir was one thomas clanvow , either a son or a brother ; but the general uncertainty attending the family pedigree makes it impossible to establish with accuracy the relationship between him and other members of the family .

His Time and Modality ( 1957 ) , which came out of the John Locke lectures , established tense logic as a serious discipline , and his subsequent publications elaborated the technical and philosophical implications of his approach .
his time and modality ( 1957 ) , which came out of the john locke lectures , established tense logic as a serious discipline , and his [later] publications elaborated the technical and philosophical implications of his approach .

Evelyn 's subsequent political actions , unlike his nephew 's , were commended by the diarist , Sir Simonds D'Ewes [ q.v . ]
evelyn 's [later] political actions , unlike his nephew 's , were commended by the diarist , sir simonds d'ewes [ q.v . ]

He did not sit in any subsequent Parliament .
he did not sit in any [later] parliament .

He Anglicized his name and a few years later he was being described as an accountant or merchant 's clerk ; a subsequent attempt to establish himself as a commission agent apparently failed .
he anglicized his name and a few years later he was being described as an accountant or merchant 's clerk ; a [later] attempt to establish himself as a commission agent apparently failed .

Through his exhaustive and objective scholarship he significantly influenced subsequent research into English religious dissent .
through his exhaustive and objective scholarship he significantly influenced [later] research into english religious dissent .

The first two — Architectural Sketches for Cottages , Rural Dwellings , and Villas ( 1805 , reprinted 1815 and 1823 ) and The Country Gentleman 's Architect ; … Designs for Farm Houses and Farm Yards ( 1807 ) — were purely pattern-books , but the subsequent volumes were records of executed projects : Plans and Views of Buildings executed in England and Scotland , in the Castellated and Other Styles ( 1811 , 2nd edn .
the first two — architectural sketches for cottages , rural dwellings , and villas ( 1805 , reprinted 1815 and 1823 ) and the country gentleman 's architect ; … designs for farm houses and farm yards ( 1807 ) — were purely pattern-books , but the [later] volumes were records of executed projects : plans and views of buildings executed in england and scotland , in the castellated and other styles ( 1811 , 2nd edn .

He headed a royal commission into decentralization whose report influenced subsequent Indian legislation .
he headed a royal commission into decentralization whose report influenced [later] indian legislation .

During that period he had co-operated closely with the government in the war against the French and in the subsequent peace .
during that period he had co-operated closely with the government in the war against the french and in the [later] peace .

With their subsequent production , It Pays To Advertise ( 1924 ) , they moved to the Aldwych Theatre , where they were joined in 1925 by the playwright Ben Travers [ q.v . ]
with their [later] production , it pays to advertise ( 1924 ) , they moved to the aldwych theatre , where they were joined in 1925 by the playwright ben travers [ q.v . ]

It was his next appointment in March 1904 , to the embassy in Constantinople , which fired his enthusiasm for the Middle East and settled the subsequent course of his brief but eventful life .
it was his next appointment in march 1904 , to the embassy in constantinople , which fired his enthusiasm for the middle east and settled the [later] course of his brief but eventful life .

Despite the ‘ Rape of the Sabines ’ episode during Christmas 1793 , when a drunken Burns may have overstepped the bounds of propriety towards his hostess , and notwithstanding the lampoons with which he requited his subsequent exile from her house , the intimate friendship that Burns formed with this ‘ really first-rate woman ’ survived its year-long breach .
despite the ‘ rape of the sabines ’ episode during christmas 1793 , when a drunken burns may have overstepped the bounds of propriety towards his hostess , and notwithstanding the lampoons with which he requited his [later] exile from her house , the intimate friendship that burns formed with this ‘ really first-rate woman ’ survived its year-long breach .

The famous Vardon grip , immortalized in a bronze cast at the South Herts Club , was , with slight modifications , adopted by subsequent professional players and was accepted as orthodox by professional teachers all over the world .
the famous vardon grip , immortalized in a bronze cast at the south herts club , was , with slight modifications , adopted by [later] professional players and was accepted as orthodox by professional teachers all over the world .

Because of his business acumen , James Stewart was entrusted with the management of his half-brother 's estate at the outset of the 1745 rebellion and , subsequent to the enforced exile and forfeiture of Ardshiel , remitted his rents to France .
because of his business acumen , james stewart was entrusted with the management of his half-brother 's estate at the outset of the 1745 rebellion and , [later] to the enforced exile and forfeiture of ardshiel , remitted his rents to france .

Subsequent examples included Moreton Hall , Whalley ( 1829 , demolished ) , while a further dimension of his work was the occasional introduction of details of a localized vernacular derivation — as in his unexecuted designs for a house in Rydal , Westmorland , for William Wordsworth [ q.v . ]
[later] examples included moreton hall , whalley ( 1829 , demolished ) , while a further dimension of his work was the occasional introduction of details of a localized vernacular derivation — as in his unexecuted designs for a house in rydal , westmorland , for william wordsworth [ q.v . ]

In 1746 he was appointed to a post in the Office of Works , as clerk of the works at Hampton Court , presumably through the influence of Burlington ; and his subsequent career was based on that institution and the patronage of one leading public figure , Thomas Pelham-Holles , first Duke of Newcastle [ q.v . ]
in 1746 he was appointed to a post in the office of works , as clerk of the works at hampton court , presumably through the influence of burlington ; and his [later] career was based on that institution and the patronage of one leading public figure , thomas pelham-holles , first duke of newcastle [ q.v . ]

An Oxford lecture which he delivered in 1883 influenced the subsequent founding of Toynbee Hall , the east London settlement in whose affairs Rogers was long active .
an oxford lecture which he delivered in 1883 influenced the [later] founding of toynbee hall , the east london settlement in whose affairs rogers was long active .

The subsequent trial was a travesty , and , as a deterrent , an inexperienced judge sentenced Loveless and his five associates to seven years ' transportation .
the [later] trial was a travesty , and , as a deterrent , an inexperienced judge sentenced loveless and his five associates to seven years ' transportation .

Wyatt 's subsequent work was primarily as a country-house architect and ‘ improver ’ , although he competed unsuccessfully for a number of major public commissions and in 1816 published a Prospectus of a Design for Various Improvements in the Metropolis , in which he made radical proposals for replanning the West End .
wyatt 's [later] work was primarily as a country-house architect and ‘ improver ’ , although he competed unsuccessfully for a number of major public commissions and in 1816 published a prospectus of a design for various improvements in the metropolis , in which he made radical proposals for replanning the west end .

Written to raise money for ‘ a whim of girlish patronage ’ , it brought in twice as much as was needed : the work is now unidentified , as are ‘ many subsequent volumes ’ whose production she was too ashamed to mention .
written to raise money for ‘ a whim of girlish patronage ’ , it brought in twice as much as was needed : the work is now unidentified , as are ‘ many [later] volumes ’ whose production she was too ashamed to mention .

was Kempe 's pupil and already anticipated the view of most subsequent critics with his preference for Kempe 's early work .
was kempe 's pupil and already anticipated the view of most [later] critics with his preference for kempe 's early work .

By then he was already active as an architect and his subsequent practice , mainly in the midlands but also on occasion further afield , developed immediately ; but his career was cut short by his early death at the age of forty-eight and the total number of his executed works was not large .
by then he was already active as an architect and his [later] practice , mainly in the midlands but also on occasion further afield , developed immediately ; but his career was cut short by his early death at the age of forty-eight and the total number of his executed works was not large .

’ In Montfort 's subsequent regime , although involved in negotiations with the Marcher barons and with the increasingly disaffected Gilbert de Clare , his role was in the provinces rather than at court , in part perhaps because of his comparative youth .
’ in montfort 's [later] regime , although involved in negotiations with the marcher barons and with the increasingly disaffected gilbert de clare , his role was in the provinces rather than at court , in part perhaps because of his comparative youth .

The matter played an important part in the subsequent abolition of the death penalty in Britain .
the matter played an important part in the [later] abolition of the death penalty in britain .

Their geological mapping was rarely found to be faulty by subsequent investigators .
their geological mapping was rarely found to be faulty by [later] investigators .

He also built several handsome examples in masonry ; and , most important , at the Ouseburn and Willington Dene bridges ( 1836–9 , demolished ) on the Newcastle and North Shields Railway and in a number of subsequent examples he successfully employed a system of laminated timber arches , which , for a short time , was widely imitated in railway-bridge construction .
he also built several handsome examples in masonry ; and , most important , at the ouseburn and willington dene bridges ( 1836–9 , demolished ) on the newcastle and north shields railway and in a number of [later] examples he successfully employed a system of laminated timber arches , which , for a short time , was widely imitated in railway-bridge construction .

During the subsequent exploration of New Zealand and Australia , Green was , in Cook 's words , ‘ indefatigable in making and calculating these observations [ for latitude and longitude ] which otherwise must have taken up a great deal of my time … Not only this , but by his instructions several of the petty officers can make and calculate these observations almost as well as himself .
during the [later] exploration of new zealand and australia , green was , in cook 's words , ‘ indefatigable in making and calculating these observations [ for latitude and longitude ] which otherwise must have taken up a great deal of my time … not only this , but by his instructions several of the petty officers can make and calculate these observations almost as well as himself .

Our subsequent participation has been conditional upon our acceptance of the inevitable — a curriculum constructed historically as a reflection of men 's ideas , assumptions and priorities , presented as objective truth : and a view of women informed by a range of ideologies collectively based upon notions of male supremacy .
our [later] participation has been conditional upon our acceptance of the inevitable — a curriculum constructed historically as a reflection of men 's ideas , assumptions and priorities , presented as objective truth : and a view of women informed by a range of ideologies collectively based upon notions of male supremacy .

The courses are obviously based on a training model , and all colleges running such courses should evaluate longitudinally whether participants do in fact secure subsequent employment or further education and training .
the courses are obviously based on a training model , and all colleges running such courses should evaluate longitudinally whether participants do in fact secure [later] employment or further education and training .

Because of the management autonomy accorded to the company with respect to the charged assets , the company can create security interests that have priority to the floating charge : a floating charge will be deferred to any subsequent fixed legal or equitable charge created by the company over its assets .
because of the management autonomy accorded to the company with respect to the charged assets , the company can create security interests that have priority to the floating charge : a floating charge will be deferred to any [later] fixed legal or equitable charge created by the company over its assets .

To firm up their security against subsequent security interests created by the company and which would otherwise have priority , floating charges almost invariably contain a provision that restricts the right of the company to create charges that have priority to or rank equally with the floating charge ( called a negative pledge clause ) .
to firm up their security against [later] security interests created by the company and which would otherwise have priority , floating charges almost invariably contain a provision that restricts the right of the company to create charges that have priority to or rank equally with the floating charge ( called a negative pledge clause ) .

Most of the problems in this area have now been resolved by the requirement that undertakings by a company not to create subsequent charges having priority to an existing charge have to be registered in the company 's register of charges and this will constitute notice to any person who is taking a charge which also has to be registered .
most of the problems in this area have now been resolved by the requirement that undertakings by a company not to create [later] charges having priority to an existing charge have to be registered in the company 's register of charges and this will constitute notice to any person who is taking a charge which also has to be registered .

First , where a subsequent holder of a registrable charge is deemed to have notice of a negative pledge clause then this accords priority to the floating charge holder .
first , where a [later] holder of a registrable charge is deemed to have notice of a negative pledge clause then this accords priority to the floating charge holder .

’ The crystallisation of an earlier floating charge does not crystallise a subsequent floating charge since the subsequent chargee may pay off the earlier charge or agree to indemnify the company which continues to carry on business despite the crystallisation of the earlier charge with respect to any liability incurred towards the earlier chargee .
’ the crystallisation of an earlier floating charge does not crystallise a [later] floating charge since the [later] chargee may pay off the earlier charge or agree to indemnify the company which continues to carry on business despite the crystallisation of the earlier charge with respect to any liability incurred towards the earlier chargee .

And it is submitted that it will be void even against a subsequent chargee who has notice .
and it is submitted that it will be void even against a [later] chargee who has notice .

( ii ) Late registration Failure to register a charge within the 21-day period does not preclude its subsequent registration ; a charge can be registered outside the 21-day period at any time prior to the company 's liquidation or the appointment of an administrator without the need to obtain a court order .
( ii ) late registration failure to register a charge within the 21-day period does not preclude its [later] registration ; a charge can be registered outside the 21-day period at any time prior to the company 's liquidation or the appointment of an administrator without the need to obtain a court order .

First , there is the risk that a subsequent chargee will be registered first and thus gain priority .
first , there is the risk that a [later] chargee will be registered first and thus gain priority .

the date of its incorporation ) and ends on the last day of the reference period and that subsequent financial years begin with the day immediately following the end of the previous financial year and end with the last day of its next accounting reference period ‘ or on such other date not more than seven days before or after the end of that period as the directors may determine .
the date of its incorporation ) and ends on the last day of the reference period and that [later] financial years begin with the day immediately following the end of the previous financial year and end with the last day of its next accounting reference period ‘ or on such other date not more than seven days before or after the end of that period as the directors may determine .

If not , the identification of subsequent words would be hindered .
if not , the identification of [later] words would be hindered .

This means that ( during reading aloud ) before a word reaches the response buffer , subsequent words must have reached the cognitive system — this being the only way that their semantic and syntactic features could come into play .
this means that ( during reading aloud ) before a word reaches the response buffer , [later] words must have reached the cognitive system — this being the only way that their semantic and syntactic features could come into play .

Since reading aloud primes subsequent tachistoscopic recognition , the semantic system ( if it is indeed the locus of priming effects ) must be playing a part in tachistoscopic recognition ; from which it follows that prior use of that system in responding to a definition should also prime tachistoscopic recognition .
since reading aloud primes [later] tachistoscopic recognition , the semantic system ( if it is indeed the locus of priming effects ) must be playing a part in tachistoscopic recognition ; from which it follows that prior use of that system in responding to a definition should also prime tachistoscopic recognition .

If long-term priming of visually presented words arises within a visual word-recognition system , not within a semantic or phonological component of the mental lexicon , then of course one needs to postulate not only a visual word-recognition system , but also an auditory word-recognition system , since hearing a word primes subsequent auditory recognition of that word .
if long-term priming of visually presented words arises within a visual word-recognition system , not within a semantic or phonological component of the mental lexicon , then of course one needs to postulate not only a visual word-recognition system , but also an auditory word-recognition system , since hearing a word primes [later] auditory recognition of that word .

The effect , however , turned out to be a somewhat elusive one in subsequent research , until the conditions under which it can be obtained were elucidated by Johnston and McClelland ( 1973 ) .
the effect , however , turned out to be a somewhat elusive one in [later] research , until the conditions under which it can be obtained were elucidated by johnston and mcclelland ( 1973 ) .

Instead , there are good grounds for believing that the listener constructs a syntactic and semantic interpretation of the input word-by-word , and that this information is used to guide the processing of subsequent words .
instead , there are good grounds for believing that the listener constructs a syntactic and semantic interpretation of the input word-by-word , and that this information is used to guide the processing of [later] words .

Subjects took longer to answer a subsequent question like Did the boy that the man saw wave ?
subjects took longer to answer a [later] question like did the boy that the man saw wave ?

So we can assume that analysis of prior linguistic units has two effects on subsequent processing .
so we can assume that analysis of prior linguistic units has two effects on [later] processing .

( This is not , of course , a direct measure of how well the passage had been understood and , as we will see later , subsequent experiments have used more sophisticated measures of recall . )
( this is not , of course , a direct measure of how well the passage had been understood and , as we will see later , [later] experiments have used more sophisticated measures of recall . )

Potential inferences which were inconsistent with subsequent information should be rejected and therefore not remembered .
potential inferences which were inconsistent with [later] information should be rejected and therefore not remembered .

Potential inferences which were neither confirmed nor disconfirmed by subsequent information might or might not be remembered .
potential inferences which were neither confirmed nor disconfirmed by [later] information might or might not be remembered .

He found that in the neutral condition , where no particular inference was confirmed or disconfirmed by subsequent information , all potential inferences were falsely identified as having occurred in a passage about 25 per cent of the time .
he found that in the neutral condition , where no particular inference was confirmed or disconfirmed by [later] information , all potential inferences were falsely identified as having occurred in a passage about 25 per cent of the time .

As we saw in this chapter , more recently it has been found that this account of processing can not be correct for at least three reasons : ( a ) there is evidence that syntactic and semantic processing is not delayed until the end of the clause ; ( b ) there is evidence that information about the specific wording is retained after the end of a clause if that clause contains nonspecific words which subsequent clauses will disambiguate ; ( c ) specific wording will also be retained if it has pragmatic significance .
as we saw in this chapter , more recently it has been found that this account of processing can not be correct for at least three reasons : ( a ) there is evidence that syntactic and semantic processing is not delayed until the end of the clause ; ( b ) there is evidence that information about the specific wording is retained after the end of a clause if that clause contains nonspecific words which [later] clauses will disambiguate ; ( c ) specific wording will also be retained if it has pragmatic significance .

However subsequent research has shown that both negatives and passives are used in response to the presence of particular pragmatic factors .
however [later] research has shown that both negatives and passives are used in response to the presence of particular pragmatic factors .

Subsequent experiments have revealed that the concept of attentional focus can be broken down into two separate factors : one concerns the intrinsic importance of actor and acted-upon ; the other concerns informational aspects of actor and acted-upon .
[later] experiments have revealed that the concept of attentional focus can be broken down into two separate factors : one concerns the intrinsic importance of actor and acted-upon ; the other concerns informational aspects of actor and acted-upon .

In Britain parliamentary statutes and the subsequent mass of secondary legislation called statutory instruments ( or the equivalent in the United States ) are the main source of rules today .
in britain parliamentary statutes and the [later] mass of secondary legislation called statutory instruments ( or the equivalent in the united states ) are the main source of rules today .

The pro-life ( anti-abortion ) campaign , which has attempted to overthrow Roe , has included proposals for constitutional amendments , none of which has succeeded , and proposals for new state and congressional laws to challenge Roe , many of which have been passed and have become subject to subsequent decision by the Supreme Court .
the pro-life ( anti-abortion ) campaign , which has attempted to overthrow roe , has included proposals for constitutional amendments , none of which has succeeded , and proposals for new state and congressional laws to challenge roe , many of which have been passed and have become subject to [later] decision by the supreme court .

Decolonization was associated with independence movements invoking strongly nationalistic , anti-imperialist sentiments , and the subsequent creation of a number of new , formally sovereign and independent states .
decolonization was associated with independence movements invoking strongly nationalistic , anti-imperialist sentiments , and the [later] creation of a number of new , formally sovereign and independent states .

In the Soviet Union and Eastern Europe the ending of the Cold War and the subsequent loss of central government authority have generated support for the claims of ethno-cultural nationalist movements .
in the soviet union and eastern europe the ending of the cold war and the [later] loss of central government authority have generated support for the claims of ethno-cultural nationalist movements .

Similarly , at the year end , goods are received ( Invoice ) but not recognized because the cash is not paid until the subsequent year .
similarly , at the year end , goods are received ( invoice ) but not recognized because the cash is not paid until the [later] year .

First , it is hard to accept that the subsequent payments figure reflects what the organization ‘ cost ’ to run during the year .
first , it is hard to accept that the [later] payments figure reflects what the organization ‘ cost ’ to run during the year .

Of course , all this is doing is storing up trouble for the subsequent financial year ; nevertheless , the financial control through the budget is effectively lost .
of course , all this is doing is storing up trouble for the [later] financial year ; nevertheless , the financial control through the budget is effectively lost .

Of course , there is a variety of factors which might affect the amount of the subsequent invoice : the supplier might not have 100 boxes , the price may have changed , the manager may have used the wrong price , etc .
of course , there is a variety of factors which might affect the amount of the [later] invoice : the supplier might not have 100 boxes , the price may have changed , the manager may have used the wrong price , etc .

During the subsequent year , as the law requires , provision would have to be made for the principal and interest repayments on the loan in the revenue account . The repayments in this first year are :
during the [later] year , as the law requires , provision would have to be made for the principal and interest repayments on the loan in the revenue account . the repayments in this first year are :

Themes in existence by 1950 were continued in subsequent decades but they have developed so extensively and changed so dramatically that their origins may now appear to be many years away .
themes in existence by 1950 were continued in [later] decades but they have developed so extensively and changed so dramatically that their origins may now appear to be many years away .

It is through the ‘ windows ’ that survive that we can glean the evidence necessary to permit environmental reconstruction and , necessarily , the amount of evidence surviving in a particular area will depend upon the age of the landscape and the subsequent changes to which the landscape has been subjected .
it is through the ‘ windows ’ that survive that we can glean the evidence necessary to permit environmental reconstruction and , necessarily , the amount of evidence surviving in a particular area will depend upon the age of the landscape and the [later] changes to which the landscape has been subjected .

Schumm ( 1968 ) also demonstrated how knowledge gained from contemporary denudation rates could give clues about the rates in geological time and suggested that with the appearance of grasses in the Cainozoic , the relations between climate , vegetation , erosion and runoff became much as today except for the subsequent influence of man .
schumm ( 1968 ) also demonstrated how knowledge gained from contemporary denudation rates could give clues about the rates in geological time and suggested that with the appearance of grasses in the cainozoic , the relations between climate , vegetation , erosion and runoff became much as today except for the [later] influence of man .

This significant model was adopted during the progress of subsequent research ( see Thomas , 1978 ) and also had a significant relationship to climatic geomorphology .
this significant model was adopted during the progress of [later] research ( see thomas , 1978 ) and also had a significant relationship to climatic geomorphology .

Although initially research was often focused upon a single pollen site , the subsequent research was able to proceed towards the regional assessment of past vegetation not only in Britain but also in overseas areas such as the tropical rain forest ( Flenley , 1979 ) .
although initially research was often focused upon a single pollen site , the [later] research was able to proceed towards the regional assessment of past vegetation not only in britain but also in overseas areas such as the tropical rain forest ( flenley , 1979 ) .

After the trauma of the discovery of Gebrec 's body and Dora 's subsequent clash with Dieter , the exit from Les Châtaigniers was accomplished with minimum fuss , thanks to Jack 's decisiveness and air of quiet authority to which everyone willingly submitted .
after the trauma of the discovery of gebrec 's body and dora 's [later] clash with dieter , the exit from les châtaigniers was accomplished with minimum fuss , thanks to jack 's decisiveness and air of quiet authority to which everyone willingly submitted .

The death of Monsieur Klein was , as the médecin légiste maintained at the outset and , ’ he coughed in some embarrassment , evidently recalling his earlier insinuations , ‘ as subsequent enquiries proved , a most tragic accident .
the death of monsieur klein was , as the médecin légiste maintained at the outset and , ’ he coughed in some embarrassment , evidently recalling his earlier insinuations , ‘ as [later] enquiries proved , a most tragic accident .

In light of this appeal it was ironic that a superpower crisis developed from subsequent Soviet efforts to establish a missile base in Cuba .
in light of this appeal it was ironic that a superpower crisis developed from [later] soviet efforts to establish a missile base in cuba .

Where the cliffs are high they may be undercut by the sea with the result that most of the material may be removed by the subsequent collapse of the upper undermined section .
where the cliffs are high they may be undercut by the sea with the result that most of the material may be removed by the [later] collapse of the upper undermined section .

Where the rivers have flowed transverse to the structure rias formed in them will have a much more irregular plan : the main arm of the ria may not be straight and it may possess branches developed along weaker beds followed by the courses of previous subsequent streams .
where the rivers have flowed transverse to the structure rias formed in them will have a much more irregular plan : the main arm of the ria may not be straight and it may possess branches developed along weaker beds followed by the courses of previous [later] streams .

Parts of the desert landscape are , therefore , fossil forms subject to little subsequent modification , just as parts of the Highlands of Scotland are fossil glaciated forms , which have undergone no great modification since being glaciated .
parts of the desert landscape are , therefore , fossil forms subject to little [later] modification , just as parts of the highlands of scotland are fossil glaciated forms , which have undergone no great modification since being glaciated .

Subsequent experiments tested the effect of rest periods , the duration of work and the use of a payment by piece-work system .
[later] experiments tested the effect of rest periods , the duration of work and the use of a payment by piece-work system .

If we have decided on a moderate degree of modulation , it is well to know what is most effective and what subsequent progressions ( to return to the tonic ) are good .
if we have decided on a moderate degree of modulation , it is well to know what is most effective and what [later] progressions ( to return to the tonic ) are good .

Those responsible for initial teacher training , for example , were apparently relieved that the Polytechnic , upon its merger with the Lady Spencer Churchill College of Education in 1975 , was not intending to leave them as a monotechnic island in the interdisciplinary sea of the Polytechnic , particularly when it remained possible ( as confirmed by subsequent experience elsewhere ) that isolation would mean a low ranking in whatever prioritization exercises the Polytechnic might be forced to undertake .
those responsible for initial teacher training , for example , were apparently relieved that the polytechnic , upon its merger with the lady spencer churchill college of education in 1975 , was not intending to leave them as a monotechnic island in the interdisciplinary sea of the polytechnic , particularly when it remained possible ( as confirmed by [later] experience elsewhere ) that isolation would mean a low ranking in whatever prioritization exercises the polytechnic might be forced to undertake .

It is felt that allowing students more than one resit is too generous , unnecessary when they can often make up lost ground in subsequent terms , and allows the examinations office to timetable all resits in a single block at the beginning of examination week .
it is felt that allowing students more than one resit is too generous , unnecessary when they can often make up lost ground in [later] terms , and allows the examinations office to timetable all resits in a single block at the beginning of examination week .

They may , of course , choose instead to retake the module if it is offered again in a subsequent term .
they may , of course , choose instead to retake the module if it is offered again in a [later] term .

They are also encouraged to discuss disappointing results with module leaders as part of the learning process and , with luck , use this information to improve performance on subsequent modules .
they are also encouraged to discuss disappointing results with module leaders as part of the learning process and , with luck , use this information to improve performance on [later] modules .

Subsequent review , where possible , tracks the consequences of preceding change .
[later] review , where possible , tracks the consequences of preceding change .

The foresight of the Course founders , in using a computer for a range of student records applications from the very first intake , set the pace for subsequent information technology developments .
the foresight of the course founders , in using a computer for a range of student records applications from the very first intake , set the pace for [later] information technology developments .

To remedy these defects a new student management system was designed and introduced in stages from 1980–81 . The design , and all subsequent developments , were guided by the following principles :
to remedy these defects a new student management system was designed and introduced in stages from 1980–81 . the design , and all [later] developments , were guided by the following principles :

Marksheets on which the final assessment for each student on the module is entered , for subsequent data processing by the registry .
marksheets on which the final assessment for each student on the module is entered , for [later] data processing by the registry .

The demand for working class seaside visits in Lancashire predated the railways and they were a convenience for , rather than a cause of , its subsequent growth … The railways were necessary to the rise of the North-Western holiday industry , but they did little actively to promote it , and the real cause of its growth , and of the pattern of its development , lay in rising living standards and changing attitudes to the use of leisure time among the potential visiting public .
the demand for working class seaside visits in lancashire predated the railways and they were a convenience for , rather than a cause of , its [later] growth … the railways were necessary to the rise of the north-western holiday industry , but they did little actively to promote it , and the real cause of its growth , and of the pattern of its development , lay in rising living standards and changing attitudes to the use of leisure time among the potential visiting public .

Subsequent extensions to the Siberian system continued this process of creating complementary economies .
[later] extensions to the siberian system continued this process of creating complementary economies .

The initial concerns of the Board were with the transfer of responsibilities from the Law Society and their subsequent management .
the initial concerns of the board were with the transfer of responsibilities from the law society and their [later] management .

The subsequent procedure is for the solicitor to compile a bill of costs and send it to the appropriate officer of the court for ‘ taxing .
the [later] procedure is for the solicitor to compile a bill of costs and send it to the appropriate officer of the court for ‘ taxing .

This section establishes a procedure whereby a plaintiff may seek an order requiring a defendant to disclose any documents which may become the subject matter of subsequent proceedings .
this section establishes a procedure whereby a plaintiff may seek an order requiring a defendant to disclose any documents which may become the subject matter of [later] proceedings .

Water can be lost through dissociation by solar uv radiation and the subsequent loss of hydrogen to space from the exosphere .
water can be lost through dissociation by solar uv radiation and the [later] loss of hydrogen to space from the exosphere .

The Moon and Mercury are far less well endowed with volatiles as you will see in subsequent chapters .
the moon and mercury are far less well endowed with volatiles as you will see in [later] chapters .

It is sometimes argued that if the Earth , Venus and Mars were veneered by volatile-rich bodies subsequent to the main phase of accretion , then the inert gas graphs for the three planets in Figure 5.2 should lie roughly on top of each other .
it is sometimes argued that if the earth , venus and mars were veneered by volatile-rich bodies [later] to the main phase of accretion , then the inert gas graphs for the three planets in figure 5.2 should lie roughly on top of each other .

If there is subsequent substantial infill this could complete the isostatic adjustment or even produce a mass excess if the crater region has been compressed by the impact and is fairly rigid .
if there is [later] substantial infill this could complete the isostatic adjustment or even produce a mass excess if the crater region has been compressed by the impact and is fairly rigid .

The lunar maria , nearly all of which are located on the near side , also seem to be of impact origin , with subsequent infill by rather dark material .
the lunar maria , nearly all of which are located on the near side , also seem to be of impact origin , with [later] infill by rather dark material .

The remaining highlands bear fewer craters and this could largely be the result of partial burial by ejecta from basin-forming impacts , because these regions border such basins or the subsequent maria .
the remaining highlands bear fewer craters and this could largely be the result of partial burial by ejecta from basin-forming impacts , because these regions border such basins or the [later] maria .

The surface of the Moon is the result of accretion and of subsequent impacts and slow-acting erosional processes .
the surface of the moon is the result of accretion and of [later] impacts and slow-acting erosional processes .

Homogeneous ‘ hot ’ accretion of the Moon with subsequent differentiation and subsequent cooling is currently the more fashionable view of lunar development than heterogeneous cold accretion .
homogeneous ‘ hot ’ accretion of the moon with [later] differentiation and [later] cooling is currently the more fashionable view of lunar development than heterogeneous cold accretion .

Subsequent radar observations , plus Earth-based telescope observations guided by the 60-day period , ultimately established beyond doubt that the axial sidereal period of Mercury is 58.64 mean solar days .
[later] radar observations , plus earth-based telescope observations guided by the 60-day period , ultimately established beyond doubt that the axial sidereal period of mercury is 58.64 mean solar days .

Subsequent internal contraction could find such faults a ready site for producing further movement .
[later] internal contraction could find such faults a ready site for producing further movement .

Its surface bears some evidence for an early period of crater erasure , and for a long subsequent period of slight internal contraction , presumably the result of cooling .
its surface bears some evidence for an early period of crater erasure , and for a long [later] period of slight internal contraction , presumably the result of cooling .

Nevertheless , government guidance subsequent to the Act itself has endorsed the comprehensive needs-led approach to assessment and envisages a separation of assessment from care management and service provision :
nevertheless , government guidance [later] to the act itself has endorsed the comprehensive needs-led approach to assessment and envisages a separation of assessment from care management and service provision :

Subsequent findings confirm such needs ( Allen et al .
[later] findings confirm such needs ( allen et al .

Subsequent studies confirmed this , and the drug was licensed in Switzerland , followed by 34 other countries .
[later] studies confirmed this , and the drug was licensed in switzerland , followed by 34 other countries .

His subsequent endorsement of the former , figural signification is an endorsement of cultural de-differentiation in two important senses .
his [later] endorsement of the former , figural signification is an endorsement of cultural de-differentiation in two important senses .

After the defeat of liberalism in 1848 , a succession of events documented liberalism 's subsequent success .
after the defeat of liberalism in 1848 , a succession of events documented liberalism 's [later] success .

The subsequent evolution , though , of the Vienna Secession and Viennese modernism was in a direction consistent with , and no longer disruptive to , a now partly modified bourgeois habitus .
the [later] evolution , though , of the vienna secession and viennese modernism was in a direction consistent with , and no longer disruptive to , a now partly modified bourgeois habitus .

Weber 's ‘ ethics of responsibility ’ ( and its subsequent neo-Weberian formulations ) are also exemplifications of reflective action in which the demands of the different Lebensordnungen are weighed and assessed .
weber 's ‘ ethics of responsibility ’ ( and its [later] neo-weberian formulations ) are also exemplifications of reflective action in which the demands of the different lebensordnungen are weighed and assessed .

Thus ‘ held with the intention ’ came to be construed in a sense which the language of Parliament can not possibly bear as a matter of ordinary sense and grammar , as embracing not only material held by the crooked solicitor but material held without any intention on the part of the holder but infected , either at the time of its creation or , seemingly , at any subsequent time , by an intention on the part of any person , whether the client entitled to it or anyone else , to use it for furthering some criminal purpose .
thus ‘ held with the intention ’ came to be construed in a sense which the language of parliament can not possibly bear as a matter of ordinary sense and grammar , as embracing not only material held by the crooked solicitor but material held without any intention on the part of the holder but infected , either at the time of its creation or , seemingly , at any [later] time , by an intention on the part of any person , whether the client entitled to it or anyone else , to use it for furthering some criminal purpose .

Similar conflicts could arise between admissible ministerial statements on the effect of a provision and , say , a construction based on the punctuation of the provision , or on prior or subsequent legislative provisions .
similar conflicts could arise between admissible ministerial statements on the effect of a provision and , say , a construction based on the punctuation of the provision , or on prior or [later] legislative provisions .

This is based on the presumption that , where there is no subsequent relevant amendment , a parliamentary statement on the mischief or effect of a statutory provision , which is not withdrawn or varied , expresses parliamentary intention .
this is based on the presumption that , where there is no [later] relevant amendment , a parliamentary statement on the mischief or effect of a statutory provision , which is not withdrawn or varied , expresses parliamentary intention .

To do so , it is necessary to demonstrate that there has been no subsequent inconsistent amendment to the Bill and that the statement has not been subsequently withdrawn or varied .
to do so , it is necessary to demonstrate that there has been no [later] inconsistent amendment to the bill and that the statement has not been subsequently withdrawn or varied .

In Pepper v. Hart , the statement of the financial Secretary to the Treasury was made during consideration of the finance Bill in Standing Committee and there was no subsequent parliamentary consideration of the point in issue .
in pepper v. hart , the statement of the financial secretary to the treasury was made during consideration of the finance bill in standing committee and there was no [later] parliamentary consideration of the point in issue .

In ex parte Johnson , the ministerial statement was made during the Report Stage in the House of Lords , where the Bill had been first introduced , and again there was no subsequent parliamentary consideration of the matter .
in ex parte johnson , the ministerial statement was made during the report stage in the house of lords , where the bill had been first introduced , and again there was no [later] parliamentary consideration of the matter .

An example of one difficulty will be to determine whether subsequent variations of a statement is of a nature which makes it impossible to characterize the statements as clear in themselves or as clearly demonstrating a parliamentary intention .
an example of one difficulty will be to determine whether [later] variations of a statement is of a nature which makes it impossible to characterize the statements as clear in themselves or as clearly demonstrating a parliamentary intention .

If an admissible statement is identified , the legal adviser may then be required to conduct a more rigorous examination of the subsequent parliamentary proceedings to establish whether the statement has been repeated , varied or withdrawn and a — somewhat less onerous task whether there has been a relevant subsequent amendment to the provision .
if an admissible statement is identified , the legal adviser may then be required to conduct a more rigorous examination of the [later] parliamentary proceedings to establish whether the statement has been repeated , varied or withdrawn and a — somewhat less onerous task whether there has been a relevant [later] amendment to the provision .

Thirdly , establishing that an admissible statement should be adopted as an expression of parliamentary intention requires establishing a negative , namely that the subsequent parliamentary proceedings do not reveal that the statement was withdrawn or varied or that a relevant inconsistent amendment was successfully moved .
thirdly , establishing that an admissible statement should be adopted as an expression of parliamentary intention requires establishing a negative , namely that the [later] parliamentary proceedings do not reveal that the statement was withdrawn or varied or that a relevant inconsistent amendment was successfully moved .

And whether or not this advance notice had any bearing on the leak of Aviv 's confidential report to Congressman James Traficant and the media in November , the subsequent publication of its findings around the world undermined the credibility of Shaughnessy 's attempt to test the report 's conclusions to the point where no one seemed inclined to take it seriously .
and whether or not this advance notice had any bearing on the leak of aviv 's confidential report to congressman james traficant and the media in november , the [later] publication of its findings around the world undermined the credibility of shaughnessy 's attempt to test the report 's conclusions to the point where no one seemed inclined to take it seriously .

Nonetheless , perhaps one answer could be the drive and determination for which Clavell has been noted in his subsequent career .
nonetheless , perhaps one answer could be the drive and determination for which clavell has been noted in his [later] career .

Maureen 's attempt to move into her father 's office and her subsequent compromise of commandeering a desk in the room outside it had been gestures of little practical effect .
maureen 's attempt to move into her father 's office and her [later] compromise of commandeering a desk in the room outside it had been gestures of little practical effect .

The business with the children in the wood and the subsequent discovery of this place was too much of a coincidence , surely .
the business with the children in the wood and the [later] discovery of this place was too much of a coincidence , surely .

More probably he had not yet composed much beyond the opening of the movement ; accordingly , after writing in these first few bars , he left space for the remainder of the movement to be inserted once it was finished , and another copyist took up the task of fair-copying subsequent movements which Purcell had already drafted .
more probably he had not yet composed much beyond the opening of the movement ; accordingly , after writing in these first few bars , he left space for the remainder of the movement to be inserted once it was finished , and another copyist took up the task of fair-copying [later] movements which purcell had already drafted .

Their starting point was Handel 's will , drawn up in 1750 , in which he bequeaths to his assistant Christopher Smith ‘ my large harpsichord , my little house organ , my music books , and five hundred pounds ’ Subsequent variations to the will by codicils do not appear to alter any of this .
their starting point was handel 's will , drawn up in 1750 , in which he bequeaths to his assistant christopher smith ‘ my large harpsichord , my little house organ , my music books , and five hundred pounds ’ [later] variations to the will by codicils do not appear to alter any of this .

Its innovative design suggests the hand of a truly original master and the subsequent history of ‘ English ’ harpsichord-making entirely endorses Burney 's estimate of him as ‘ the celebrated Tabel ’ The fortuitous survival of the 1721 harpsichord and Charles Mould 's researches affirm Tabel 's status beyond doubt .
its innovative design suggests the hand of a truly original master and the [later] history of ‘ english ’ harpsichord-making entirely endorses burney 's estimate of him as ‘ the celebrated tabel ’ the fortuitous survival of the 1721 harpsichord and charles mould 's researches affirm tabel 's status beyond doubt .

This is surely an insight worth taking up by scholars of the subsequent period .
this is surely an insight worth taking up by scholars of the [later] period .

The thirteenth century eyre records testify vividly to the fact that at that time previous or subsequent sexual intercourse with the same man was fatal to such an appeal .
the thirteenth century eyre records testify vividly to the fact that at that time previous or [later] sexual intercourse with the same man was fatal to such an appeal .

It follows from this that any woman who had previously had consensual sexual relations with a man would similarly be protected if on a subsequent occasion she refused consent and he raped her .
it follows from this that any woman who had previously had consensual sexual relations with a man would similarly be protected if on a [later] occasion she refused consent and he raped her .

Subsequent articles in the press tended to concentrate on :
[later] articles in the press tended to concentrate on :

Chart 3 indicates that , as a result of the advertising , growth in Gold 90 balances in Scottish branches initially grew much faster , although , subsequent to the advertising campaign , growth in English and Welsh branches has caught up with the help of other communications , including the Personal Customer Newsletter and posters in branches supporting some magnificent local sales efforts .
chart 3 indicates that , as a result of the advertising , growth in gold 90 balances in scottish branches initially grew much faster , although , [later] to the advertising campaign , growth in english and welsh branches has caught up with the help of other communications , including the personal customer newsletter and posters in branches supporting some magnificent local sales efforts .

However , employees should if possible try to note their assailant 's appearance in order to assist the police subsequent enquiries .
however , employees should if possible try to note their assailant 's appearance in order to assist the police [later] enquiries .

Subsequent strategies will be promoted in collaboration with the Police and Department of Highways .
[later] strategies will be promoted in collaboration with the police and department of highways .

This extra power for the Commission is essential at the earliest stages of the planning process , where experience has shown that involvement of governmental environment departments , environmental research agencies , and non-governmental organisations can reduce subsequent environmental damage as well as enhance environmental and socio-economic benefits .
this extra power for the commission is essential at the earliest stages of the planning process , where experience has shown that involvement of governmental environment departments , environmental research agencies , and non-governmental organisations can reduce [later] environmental damage as well as enhance environmental and socio-economic benefits .

His trip to the Caribbean , and subsequent lecture tour , not only widened his democratic vistas , it allowed him to expand upon his vision of an independent Trinidad whilst laying the foundation of his emergence as its intellectual spokesman .
his trip to the caribbean , and [later] lecture tour , not only widened his democratic vistas , it allowed him to expand upon his vision of an independent trinidad whilst laying the foundation of his emergence as its intellectual spokesman .

where part of the site ( a substantial area ) could be environmentally improved by coaling or subsequent restoration ;
where part of the site ( a substantial area ) could be environmentally improved by coaling or [later] restoration ;

However , we do not favour a recurring blanket review but propose that all new minerals permissions , as well as existing ones following initial review , should include conditions specifying the timing and content of subsequent reviews .
however , we do not favour a recurring blanket review but propose that all new minerals permissions , as well as existing ones following initial review , should include conditions specifying the timing and content of [later] reviews .

The subsequent disaster as the stricken vessel drifted on to the rocks , devastating bird life , and leaving an as yet unknown legacy in terms of aquatic pollution , was watched in horror by millions of people as events unfolded .
the [later] disaster as the stricken vessel drifted on to the rocks , devastating bird life , and leaving an as yet unknown legacy in terms of aquatic pollution , was watched in horror by millions of people as events unfolded .

This scheme would involve the dredging of the southern Okavango delta , and subsequent flooding in the swamp area .
this scheme would involve the dredging of the southern okavango delta , and [later] flooding in the swamp area .

The peak in our schools was not reached until 1983 ( Table 1 ) nevertheless the subsequent drop has matched that in the state sector . In the three years since 1983 sixth form numbers have dropped by 13% from 40,055 to 34,961 with a staying on rate of 33% ( as against the national average of 31
the peak in our schools was not reached until 1983 ( table 1 ) nevertheless the [later] drop has matched that in the state sector . in the three years since 1983 sixth form numbers have dropped by 13% from 40,055 to 34,961 with a staying on rate of 33% ( as against the national average of 31

In subsequent work ( Neal 1981 , 21-34 ) an indication as to other possible aids to design has been given : these could have comprised some of the contents of a pattern book ( or what might , more accurately , be called a `` manual `` ) .
in [later] work ( neal 1981 , 21-34 ) an indication as to other possible aids to design has been given : these could have comprised some of the contents of a pattern book ( or what might , more accurately , be called a `` manual `` ) .

The work of different mosaicists might be visible here , so hinting at their number and therefore the probable diversity of subsequent developments .
the work of different mosaicists might be visible here , so hinting at their number and therefore the probable diversity of [later] developments .

It appears that styles obtaining in the south could have affected both of these mosaics , not only as subsequent amendments but as original contributions .
it appears that styles obtaining in the south could have affected both of these mosaics , not only as [later] amendments but as original contributions .

There is insufficient evidence to include the Newton St. Loe pavement within this group ; it begs the question , therefore , to describe it as the example upon which subsequent pavements were based .
there is insufficient evidence to include the newton st. loe pavement within this group ; it begs the question , therefore , to describe it as the example upon which [later] pavements were based .

To gain the professional certificate they will have to take and pass the Case Study in a subsequent year ; see section 17 .
to gain the professional certificate they will have to take and pass the case study in a [later] year ; see section 17 .

These mark sheets must be signed by the moderator during his visit ( or subsequent to the visit by agreement between the centre and the moderator ) .
these mark sheets must be signed by the moderator during his visit ( or [later] to the visit by agreement between the centre and the moderator ) .

This visit will take place subsequent to moderators receiving and moderating the examination scripts .
this visit will take place [later] to moderators receiving and moderating the examination scripts .

This position was confirmed by Trippier in a subsequent letter .
this position was confirmed by trippier in a [later] letter .

So it is clear that the two kinds of productivity — children and intellectual achievements — can be combined , as is borne out by the subsequent careers of the forty two students who matriculated in 1966 and who answered the questionnaire .
so it is clear that the two kinds of productivity — children and intellectual achievements — can be combined , as is borne out by the [later] careers of the forty two students who matriculated in 1966 and who answered the questionnaire .

Jenny West ( Mrs Bywaters ) , with a first degree in Theology and subsequent medical qualifications , published two papers on the services provided for women with breast disease .
jenny west ( mrs bywaters ) , with a first degree in theology and [later] medical qualifications , published two papers on the services provided for women with breast disease .

She had escaped education until she was fourteen , and her subsequent career had not been structured or sensible .
she had escaped education until she was fourteen , and her [later] career had not been structured or sensible .

Where a reduction of share capital of this nature is proposed which does not affect the cash resources of the company , and creditors are not affected because of the subsequent restoration of issued share capital , it is usual for the court to dispense with an enquiry as to creditors .
where a reduction of share capital of this nature is proposed which does not affect the cash resources of the company , and creditors are not affected because of the [later] restoration of issued share capital , it is usual for the court to dispense with an enquiry as to creditors .

In particular , the Panel is concerned that it should be made clear in the offer document , acceptance form and subsequent documents whether shareholders must lodge their certificates by the closing date of the cash underwritten alternative in addition to their completed acceptance forms in order to receive cash ( see para 11.3.16 below ) .
in particular , the panel is concerned that it should be made clear in the offer document , acceptance form and [later] documents whether shareholders must lodge their certificates by the closing date of the cash underwritten alternative in addition to their completed acceptance forms in order to receive cash ( see para 11.3.16 below ) .

This should be resisted by the tenant as not only will the term be slightly diminished ( by almost three months where , for instance , the certificate date is a few days before a quarter day ) which could be relevant for a comparatively short term lease , but also the first and subsequent rent review dates will be that much sooner , which at a rent of , say , £100,000 per year , increasing to £140,000 per year ( in an inflationary market ) on the first rent review , would add £10,000 per quarter to the rent .
this should be resisted by the tenant as not only will the term be slightly diminished ( by almost three months where , for instance , the certificate date is a few days before a quarter day ) which could be relevant for a comparatively short term lease , but also the first and [later] rent review dates will be that much sooner , which at a rent of , say , £100,000 per year , increasing to £140,000 per year ( in an inflationary market ) on the first rent review , would add £10,000 per quarter to the rent .

The tenant will need to have sight of , and approve , the form of the warranties prior to the exchange of the agreement for lease . Where no such warranties are to be given , or even in addition to such warranties , the tenant should consider including the following clause , even if subsequent negotiations with the landlord result in some watering down :
the tenant will need to have sight of , and approve , the form of the warranties prior to the exchange of the agreement for lease . where no such warranties are to be given , or even in addition to such warranties , the tenant should consider including the following clause , even if [later] negotiations with the landlord result in some watering down :

3.3 The Tenant shall as soon as practicable after the date of this agreement at its own expense prepare the Plans and submit them to the Landlord for approval [ such approval not to be unreasonably withheld [ or delayed ] ] The landlord 's approval of the plans should not be unreasonably withheld or delayed and it would be advisable for the tenant to commence the preparation of the plans as soon as it may be practicable in order to avoid subsequent delay .
3.3 the tenant shall as soon as practicable after the date of this agreement at its own expense prepare the plans and submit them to the landlord for approval [ such approval not to be unreasonably withheld [ or delayed ] ] the landlord 's approval of the plans should not be unreasonably withheld or delayed and it would be advisable for the tenant to commence the preparation of the plans as soon as it may be practicable in order to avoid [later] delay .

It is as well to include the words in square brackets to ensure that subsequent amendments to the Act are taken into account , eg the Law of Property Act 1969 .
it is as well to include the words in square brackets to ensure that [later] amendments to the act are taken into account , eg the law of property act 1969 .

5.9.5 On a permitted assignment to a private limited company and if the Landlord shall reasonably so require to procure that a guarantor or guarantors reasonably acceptable to the Landlord enter into direct covenants with the Landlord in the form of the Guarantor 's covenant contained in this Lease with `` the Assignee `` substituted for `` the Tenant `` There are various matters to be considered in connection with a permitted underlease ( not the least of which being as to whether the tenant should be allowed to underlet part or parts of the premises as well as to whole ) , eg : ( 1 ) In respect of any permitted underlease it is better to remove reference to the landlord 's approval of the rent reserved by it , and if possible ( particularly in a falling market ) to remove reference to the rent being no less than the passing rent under the lease , although the landlord will normally object to this on the basis that a low underlease rent could be used as a comparable on any subsequent rent review under the lease .
5.9.5 on a permitted assignment to a private limited company and if the landlord shall reasonably so require to procure that a guarantor or guarantors reasonably acceptable to the landlord enter into direct covenants with the landlord in the form of the guarantor 's covenant contained in this lease with `` the assignee `` substituted for `` the tenant `` there are various matters to be considered in connection with a permitted underlease ( not the least of which being as to whether the tenant should be allowed to underlet part or parts of the premises as well as to whole ) , eg : ( 1 ) in respect of any permitted underlease it is better to remove reference to the landlord 's approval of the rent reserved by it , and if possible ( particularly in a falling market ) to remove reference to the rent being no less than the passing rent under the lease , although the landlord will normally object to this on the basis that a low underlease rent could be used as a comparable on any [later] rent review under the lease .

It is therefore sensible to set out fully in the lease , for the purpose of clarification , the rights to be granted in order to try to avoid subsequent disputes .
it is therefore sensible to set out fully in the lease , for the purpose of clarification , the rights to be granted in order to try to avoid [later] disputes .

This is caused by the doctrine of privity of contract by which an original tenant ( or subsequent tenant who has given direct covenants to the landlord ) will remain liable under the covenants in the lease throughout the term ( unless released by the landlord ) and therefore can be called upon to pay back rents or remedy breaches of covenant , where default has occurred .
this is caused by the doctrine of privity of contract by which an original tenant ( or [later] tenant who has given direct covenants to the landlord ) will remain liable under the covenants in the lease throughout the term ( unless released by the landlord ) and therefore can be called upon to pay back rents or remedy breaches of covenant , where default has occurred .

Those in favour of its retention state first that both parties are aware of the rules at the outset and second that , while a landlord has an absolute discretion whether or not to proceed with the grant of a lease to an original tenant , its discretion is diminished in the case of an assignee where its refusal to grant a licence to assign may be contested by the tenant , with subsequent expensive court proceedings .
those in favour of its retention state first that both parties are aware of the rules at the outset and second that , while a landlord has an absolute discretion whether or not to proceed with the grant of a lease to an original tenant , its discretion is diminished in the case of an assignee where its refusal to grant a licence to assign may be contested by the tenant , with [later] expensive court proceedings .

As mentioned under clause 5.9 it may not be in the original tenant 's best interests for a subsequent guarantor to be able to limit its liability in this manner and therefore if the original guarantor negotiates such a limitation , a specific reference to it should be made in the guarantor 's covenants with care being taken that it is not a general limitation applicable to subsequent guarantors .
as mentioned under clause 5.9 it may not be in the original tenant 's best interests for a [later] guarantor to be able to limit its liability in this manner and therefore if the original guarantor negotiates such a limitation , a specific reference to it should be made in the guarantor 's covenants with care being taken that it is not a general limitation applicable to [later] guarantors .

It may be argued that a binding contract was made on the telephone ; if so , any subsequent attempt to introduce new terms into the agreement will be ineffective unless there is a binding variation of the contract , supported by consideration .
it may be argued that a binding contract was made on the telephone ; if so , any [later] attempt to introduce new terms into the agreement will be ineffective unless there is a binding variation of the contract , supported by consideration .

The subsequent information is in fact redundant with respect to deictic function .
the [later] information is in fact redundant with respect to deictic function .

In many cases it will also repay you , in subsequent work saved , to register the title to the property .
in many cases it will also repay you , in [later] work saved , to register the title to the property .

The preparatory work is considerable and demands the attention of an experienced conveyancer ; but this preparation makes possible the delegation of much subsequent work , the smooth running of every sale , and an enormous overall saving of time .
the preparatory work is considerable and demands the attention of an experienced conveyancer ; but this preparation makes possible the delegation of much [later] work , the smooth running of every sale , and an enormous overall saving of time .

The reason for an indemnity is that such a covenant does not automatically pass on each transaction ; the burden of it needs to be handed down expressly to each subsequent buyer .
the reason for an indemnity is that such a covenant does not automatically pass on each transaction ; the burden of it needs to be handed down expressly to each [later] buyer .

The key to security : a search made by a buyer or mortgagee with priority receives 30 working days ' priority against any subsequent application — that 's around six weeks ' priority .
the key to security : a search made by a buyer or mortgagee with priority receives 30 working days ' priority against any [later] application — that 's around six weeks ' priority .

This provision in joint purchases — can the survivor give a valid receipt on a subsequent sale ?
this provision in joint purchases — can the survivor give a valid receipt on a [later] sale ?

Original covenantors ( the first buyers ) who continue liable under their covenants should therefore be protected by a covenant of indemnity against breach from subsequent buyers .
original covenantors ( the first buyers ) who continue liable under their covenants should therefore be protected by a covenant of indemnity against breach from [later] buyers .

Look , too , for a memorandum of a subsequent conveyance , etc , endorsed on a probate or letters of administration ; if there 's none , but there ought to be one , make a requisition on the point , such as : The abstract does not reveal a memorandum of the conveyance of endorsed on the probate dated .
look , too , for a memorandum of a [later] conveyance , etc , endorsed on a probate or letters of administration ; if there 's none , but there ought to be one , make a requisition on the point , such as : the abstract does not reveal a memorandum of the conveyance of endorsed on the probate dated .

The usual reply to the requisition incorporating practical enquiries is : Confirmed , except as they may have been varied or added to by subsequent correspondence between us .
the usual reply to the requisition incorporating practical enquiries is : confirmed , except as they may have been varied or added to by [later] correspondence between us .

If the conveyancer for the lessor refuses to delete it , or if you act for a purchase of an existing lease that includes such a provision , you should always explain to your client the nature of the provision , its unusual nature and its disadvantages ( putting off a subsequent prospective buyer or mortgagee , delay and expense in taking up references and obtaining the licence ) .
if the conveyancer for the lessor refuses to delete it , or if you act for a purchase of an existing lease that includes such a provision , you should always explain to your client the nature of the provision , its unusual nature and its disadvantages ( putting off a [later] prospective buyer or mortgagee , delay and expense in taking up references and obtaining the licence ) .

An important consequence of this approach is that generally the courts have refused to accept that supervening events ( ie events subsequent to the time of contract ) can render an initially reasonable covenant unenforceable .
an important consequence of this approach is that generally the courts have refused to accept that supervening events ( ie events [later] to the time of contract ) can render an initially reasonable covenant unenforceable .

Whilst theses three elements have been elaborated upon in subsequent cases they are a convenient starting point for consideration of the case law .
whilst theses three elements have been elaborated upon in [later] cases they are a convenient starting point for consideration of the case law .

The duration and nature of this disability has been the subject of comment in subsequent cases .
the duration and nature of this disability has been the subject of comment in [later] cases .

He pointed out that trade secrets falling in to the third category would subsequent upon the judgment of the Court of Appeal , be protected under an implied term of the contract and therefore an expressed restrictive covenant would not be needed to protect trade secrets or their equivalent .
he pointed out that trade secrets falling in to the third category would [later] upon the judgment of the court of appeal , be protected under an implied term of the contract and therefore an expressed restrictive covenant would not be needed to protect trade secrets or their equivalent .

It is likely that this amendment will be implemented in subsequent legislation .
it is likely that this amendment will be implemented in [later] legislation .

These issues were considered by the House of Lords in Henry Kendall and Sons v William Lillico and Sons Ltd ( 1969 ) where the majority held that subsequent knowledge should be taken into account as otherwise , Lord Guest argued , it would be tantamount `` to approach the true situation with blinkers `` ( p108 ) .
these issues were considered by the house of lords in henry kendall and sons v william lillico and sons ltd ( 1969 ) where the majority held that [later] knowledge should be taken into account as otherwise , lord guest argued , it would be tantamount `` to approach the true situation with blinkers `` ( p108 ) .

Section 4 ( 1 ) ( f ) provides : ( f ) that the defect ( i ) constituted a defect in a product ( `` the subsequent product `` ) in which the product in question had been comprised ; and ( ii ) was wholly attributable to the design of the subsequent product or to compliance by the producer of the product in question with instructions given by the producer of the subsequent product .
section 4 ( 1 ) ( f ) provides : ( f ) that the defect ( i ) constituted a defect in a product ( `` the [later] product `` ) in which the product in question had been comprised ; and ( ii ) was wholly attributable to the design of the [later] product or to compliance by the producer of the product in question with instructions given by the producer of the [later] product .

In the same conversational turn , he changes the topic to a lengthy , rhapsodic utterance on the flexing motion of the aircraft 's wings : Anderson 's sudden topic-change and subsequent change of register in the very lyrical statement about McKendrick 's cigarette smoke , is partly explained by the fear of flying which he admits to here , and which is indicated just before the topic-change in Stoppard 's stage directions — `` … He glances uneasily out of the window `` ( p. 44 ) , but it is also a noteworthy example of his conversational meandering .
in the same conversational turn , he changes the topic to a lengthy , rhapsodic utterance on the flexing motion of the aircraft 's wings : anderson 's sudden topic-change and [later] change of register in the very lyrical statement about mckendrick 's cigarette smoke , is partly explained by the fear of flying which he admits to here , and which is indicated just before the topic-change in stoppard 's stage directions — `` … he glances uneasily out of the window `` ( p. 44 ) , but it is also a noteworthy example of his conversational meandering .

When asked to be more specific about his `` unethical `` behaviour , Anderson is extremely uncooperative : Anderson 's initiation and subsequent withdrawal of this topic repays our attention not only because it is a striking example of the problems he causes through his disorderly conversational behaviour but also because , like his earlier reference to the linguistic paradox , it suggests that Anderson enjoys `` playing `` with language , a point which will be returned to later .
when asked to be more specific about his `` unethical `` behaviour , anderson is extremely uncooperative : anderson 's initiation and [later] withdrawal of this topic repays our attention not only because it is a striking example of the problems he causes through his disorderly conversational behaviour but also because , like his earlier reference to the linguistic paradox , it suggests that anderson enjoys `` playing `` with language , a point which will be returned to later .

This means that there is uncertainty as to whether the generalised advance disclosures made in client agreements will , in the absence of subsequent specific disclosure , always guarantee protection against allegations of breach of fiduciary duty .
this means that there is uncertainty as to whether the generalised advance disclosures made in client agreements will , in the absence of [later] specific disclosure , always guarantee protection against allegations of breach of fiduciary duty .

If the same timetable were followed this would mean an initial review within four weeks , a second review within the next three months and subsequent reviews at intervals not exceeding six months .
if the same timetable were followed this would mean an initial review within four weeks , a second review within the next three months and [later] reviews at intervals not exceeding six months .

If a review is appropriate a date should be fixed and the need for a further date to be fixed should be considered on each subsequent review ( s47 ( 7 ) ( b ) ) .
if a review is appropriate a date should be fixed and the need for a further date to be fixed should be considered on each [later] review ( s47 ( 7 ) ( b ) ) .

Failure to follow this guidance will not invalidate any subsequent proceedings but may clearly influence the court when it applies the principle in s1(5) of the Act and considers whether an order would be better for the child than no order at all .
failure to follow this guidance will not invalidate any [later] proceedings but may clearly influence the court when it applies the principle in s1(5) of the act and considers whether an order would be better for the child than no order at all .

The court must be satisfied that the statutory criteria are still met when making a second or subsequent interim order .
the court must be satisfied that the statutory criteria are still met when making a second or [later] interim order .

Any further orders must therefore be treated as second or subsequent orders for timing purposes .
any further orders must therefore be treated as second or [later] orders for timing purposes .

If the amount of the capital sum exceeds the amount of income available , then the settlor will be taxed in the next year and subsequent years up to the amount of income available in the next year or subsequent years but never so that the tax liabilities exceed the amount of the capital sum that was paid out directly or indirectly to the settlor .
if the amount of the capital sum exceeds the amount of income available , then the settlor will be taxed in the next year and [later] years up to the amount of income available in the next year or [later] years but never so that the tax liabilities exceed the amount of the capital sum that was paid out directly or indirectly to the settlor .

If a capital sum is paid by the connected body corporate to the settlor then to the extent of the income available in the trust , that capital sum can be taxed as income upon the settlor and the excess of the amount of the capital sum over income for that year can be taxed in subsequent years as income becomes available in the trust . ``
if a capital sum is paid by the connected body corporate to the settlor then to the extent of the income available in the trust , that capital sum can be taxed as income upon the settlor and the excess of the amount of the capital sum over income for that year can be taxed in [later] years as income becomes available in the trust . ``

The total number of eligible beneficiaries was 29 in 1963 and 32 in the subsequent relevant years and they were all persons other than the two settlors .
the total number of eligible beneficiaries was 29 in 1963 and 32 in the [later] relevant years and they were all persons other than the two settlors .

Thus , if the taxpayer can show that in year 1 he had been assessed under s739 on the £100,000 which accrued to the trust then the trustees are able either in that year or in subsequent years to pay the monies out without any tax charge under s742 ( 2 ) ( c ) .
thus , if the taxpayer can show that in year 1 he had been assessed under s739 on the £100,000 which accrued to the trust then the trustees are able either in that year or in [later] years to pay the monies out without any tax charge under s742 ( 2 ) ( c ) .

If in the year in which the benefit is given to the taxpayer the amount of the relevant income is less than the amount of the benefit then the individual is only taxed on the amount of the relevant income but in subsequent years he can be further charged if there is further relevant income but never in excess of the amount of the benefit ( s740 ( 2 ) ) .
if in the year in which the benefit is given to the taxpayer the amount of the relevant income is less than the amount of the benefit then the individual is only taxed on the amount of the relevant income but in [later] years he can be further charged if there is further relevant income but never in excess of the amount of the benefit ( s740 ( 2 ) ) .

Under the `` once-and-for-all `` test what matters is that the income can be used to benefit the individual in question in the year of assessment in which it arises , and it does not matter if it is not possible so to apply that income in a subsequent year of assessment .
under the `` once-and-for-all `` test what matters is that the income can be used to benefit the individual in question in the year of assessment in which it arises , and it does not matter if it is not possible so to apply that income in a [later] year of assessment .

In subsequent correspondence Technical Division were asked to confirm that the timing of the provision of the benefit to the non-resident or non-domiciled beneficiary was irrelevant , ie that it did not matter whether the income in question was paid to him in the year of assessment in which it arose or in a subsequent year , but Technical Division refused to confirm that this was the case on the grounds that the actual circumstances of particular cases tended to vary so widely that they felt unable to answer the question without more details .
in [later] correspondence technical division were asked to confirm that the timing of the provision of the benefit to the non-resident or non-domiciled beneficiary was irrelevant , ie that it did not matter whether the income in question was paid to him in the year of assessment in which it arose or in a [later] year , but technical division refused to confirm that this was the case on the grounds that the actual circumstances of particular cases tended to vary so widely that they felt unable to answer the question without more details .

( c ) Position conflicts : the position you take in one piece of litigation may be at odds with the position you want to take in a subsequent action ( for example , in advancing the cause of a plaintiff you may adopt a position that puts you in difficulty with some defence clients who are less than impressed with the vigour with which you espouse the plaintiff 's cause ) .
( c ) position conflicts : the position you take in one piece of litigation may be at odds with the position you want to take in a [later] action ( for example , in advancing the cause of a plaintiff you may adopt a position that puts you in difficulty with some defence clients who are less than impressed with the vigour with which you espouse the plaintiff 's cause ) .

The House of Lords in two subsequent cases has retreated from the position it adopted in the original litigation , by making plain that the Government must prove some damage to the national interest and that no such damage can be established where the information has already been placed in the public domain by being published abroad .
the house of lords in two [later] cases has retreated from the position it adopted in the original litigation , by making plain that the government must prove some damage to the national interest and that no such damage can be established where the information has already been placed in the public domain by being published abroad .

The subject-matter of pornography was settled by 1650 : writers in subsequent centuries added new words and novel settings , but discovered no fundamental variation on the finite methods of coupling .
the subject-matter of pornography was settled by 1650 : writers in [later] centuries added new words and novel settings , but discovered no fundamental variation on the finite methods of coupling .

The nature of the stimulus for arrested development and for the subsequent maturation of the larvae is still a matter of debate .
the nature of the stimulus for arrested development and for the [later] maturation of the larvae is still a matter of debate .

The epidemiological importance of arrested larval development from whatever cause is that , first , it ensures the survival of the nematode during periods of adversity ; secondly , the subsequent maturation of arrested larvae increases the contamination of the environment and can sometimes result in clinical disease .
the epidemiological importance of arrested larval development from whatever cause is that , first , it ensures the survival of the nematode during periods of adversity ; secondly , the [later] maturation of arrested larvae increases the contamination of the environment and can sometimes result in clinical disease .

During the subsequent weeks the haematocrit usually stabilises at a low level , but only at the expense of a two- to three-fold compensatory expansion of erythropoiesis .
during the [later] weeks the haematocrit usually stabilises at a low level , but only at the expense of a two- to three-fold compensatory expansion of erythropoiesis .

The effects of infection with the adult worms have not been quantified , but the gross damage and subsequent loss of blood and tissue fluids is certainly partly responsible for the unthriftiness and anaemia associated with intestinal helminthiasis in the horse .
the effects of infection with the adult worms have not been quantified , but the gross damage and [later] loss of blood and tissue fluids is certainly partly responsible for the unthriftiness and anaemia associated with intestinal helminthiasis in the horse .

The most important feature is the reservoir of larvae in the tissues of the cow , with subsequent milk-borne transmission ensuring that calves are exposed to infection from the first day of life .
the most important feature is the reservoir of larvae in the tissues of the cow , with [later] milk-borne transmission ensuring that calves are exposed to infection from the first day of life .

The infections acquired by these result in further contamination of pasture with eggs which may survive during several subsequent grazing seasons .
the infections acquired by these result in further contamination of pasture with eggs which may survive during several [later] grazing seasons .

And memory , too , came crowding back , recalling the harsh things he had said with no sign of regret or subsequent apology .
and memory , too , came crowding back , recalling the harsh things he had said with no sign of regret or [later] apology .

For example , will cause all subsequent characters to be printed to the screen in inverse video until the command or returns printing to normal .
for example , will cause all [later] characters to be printed to the screen in inverse video until the command or returns printing to normal .

You use the file handle for all subsequent access to the file .
you use the file handle for all [later] access to the file .

Subsequent visits would be shorter , probably about half an hour .
[later] visits would be shorter , probably about half an hour .

As with all subsequent `` Unity `` campaigns , the Communists stressed temporary grievances and short-term aims in the hope of attracting those to whom Communist ideology did not normally appeal .
as with all [later] `` unity `` campaigns , the communists stressed temporary grievances and short-term aims in the hope of attracting those to whom communist ideology did not normally appeal .

Some of the applications will be examined in more detail in subsequent chapters .
some of the applications will be examined in more detail in [later] chapters .

Once the project has been carried out and shown to be successful , subsequent written or verbal reports can outline other uses of the microcomputer based in the school library , leading to the acquisition of a library based microcomputer or the reallocation of an existing microcomputer to the school library .
once the project has been carried out and shown to be successful , [later] written or verbal reports can outline other uses of the microcomputer based in the school library , leading to the acquisition of a library based microcomputer or the reallocation of an existing microcomputer to the school library .

The wording of the concession would seem to suggest that if the husband moves out of the matrimonial home and makes no election that his new home is his main residence then he need do nothing further , since on any subsequent transfer of the former matrimonial home to his former wife the principal private dwelling house exemption will be available ( provided she has continued to live there ) .
the wording of the concession would seem to suggest that if the husband moves out of the matrimonial home and makes no election that his new home is his main residence then he need do nothing further , since on any [later] transfer of the former matrimonial home to his former wife the principal private dwelling house exemption will be available ( provided she has continued to live there ) .

This may take place subsequent to the conveyance or transfer to the wife , so that a separate deed of release is required in favour of the husband ( see Precedents 32 and 33 ) .
this may take place [later] to the conveyance or transfer to the wife , so that a separate deed of release is required in favour of the husband ( see precedents 32 and 33 ) .

If , however , it is agreed that the wife should purchase the husband 's share and interest , and in reality the purchase monies are being provided by the new husband , then if the husband refuses to convey his interest in the house to the wife and the new husband , it is suggested that the wife takes the conveyance/transfer in her sole name as nominee and makes a subsequent conveyance to herself and the new husband .
if , however , it is agreed that the wife should purchase the husband 's share and interest , and in reality the purchase monies are being provided by the new husband , then if the husband refuses to convey his interest in the house to the wife and the new husband , it is suggested that the wife takes the conveyance/transfer in her sole name as nominee and makes a [later] conveyance to herself and the new husband .

If any charge is given in favour of the husband and is subsequent to a first mortgage , then the husband should register a Class C(i) Land Charge ( puisne mortgage ) against the former wife and serve notice of the second charge on the first mortgagee ( see Precedent 64 ) .
if any charge is given in favour of the husband and is [later] to a first mortgage , then the husband should register a class c(i) land charge ( puisne mortgage ) against the former wife and serve notice of the second charge on the first mortgagee ( see precedent 64 ) .

When Liz 's twin baby girls were born Laura was convinced that she had done the right thing in keeping the full extent of her father 's illness and the subsequent disastrous financial mess from her cousin .
when liz 's twin baby girls were born laura was convinced that she had done the right thing in keeping the full extent of her father 's illness and the [later] disastrous financial mess from her cousin .

Subsequent Actions
[later] actions

The draft circular is enthusiastic about recent progress in reclamation , and ‘ proposals for the restoration and aftercare of sites to a subsequent beneficial use should always form an important part of the information submitted with a planning application and in earlier informal discussions ’ .
the draft circular is enthusiastic about recent progress in reclamation , and ‘ proposals for the restoration and aftercare of sites to a [later] beneficial use should always form an important part of the information submitted with a planning application and in earlier informal discussions ’ .

However , before discussing the events subsequent to his development control reports it is appropriate to outline his final report which dealt with demolition .
however , before discussing the events [later] to his development control reports it is appropriate to outline his final report which dealt with demolition .

Though there was no formal ( or at least published ) review of the planning system , the 1980 Act passed by the subsequent Conservative government certainly effected some major changes in it .
though there was no formal ( or at least published ) review of the planning system , the 1980 act passed by the [later] conservative government certainly effected some major changes in it .

This political rhetoric would lead one to suppose that the subsequent proposals would be of an equally clear political substance .
this political rhetoric would lead one to suppose that the [later] proposals would be of an equally clear political substance .

Significantly ( in view of the stronger actions of the subsequent Conservative government ) public authorities were asked ‘ to furnish schedules of void sites within the partnership authorities with a view to establishing what could be done to accelerate the development or redevelopment of non-operational sites ’ .
significantly ( in view of the stronger actions of the [later] conservative government ) public authorities were asked ‘ to furnish schedules of void sites within the partnership authorities with a view to establishing what could be done to accelerate the development or redevelopment of non-operational sites ’ .

What was of most interest , however , was that these subjects then performed less well in subsequent trials when the outcomes were made controllable than did those animals or students who had previously been in controllable situations .
what was of most interest , however , was that these subjects then performed less well in [later] trials when the outcomes were made controllable than did those animals or students who had previously been in controllable situations .

The child may be separated from his mother while she receives treatment , her marriage may collapse and the family break up , and subsequent living circumstances may be stressful and socially deprived .
the child may be separated from his mother while she receives treatment , her marriage may collapse and the family break up , and [later] living circumstances may be stressful and socially deprived .

Her husband had not realised that she was dying , and the subsequent shock was so great that he became unable to care for his six-year-old daughter who also began to lose weight and perform badly at school .
her husband had not realised that she was dying , and the [later] shock was so great that he became unable to care for his six-year-old daughter who also began to lose weight and perform badly at school .

Married women who had not been receiving support from their husband when they were first interviewed , and were therefore not expecting support from him during subsequent crises , had a much reduced risk of depression if they received help from someone else whom they had named as very close at the first interview .
married women who had not been receiving support from their husband when they were first interviewed , and were therefore not expecting support from him during [later] crises , had a much reduced risk of depression if they received help from someone else whom they had named as very close at the first interview .

It is likely that in these experiments there was a local unstable region in the entry boundary layer , but with subsequent decay of the amplified disturbances .
it is likely that in these experiments there was a local unstable region in the entry boundary layer , but with [later] decay of the amplified disturbances .

The ‘ grain boundaries ’ and dislocations can have a strong effect on subsequent developments — as we shall consider in Section 22.6 .
the ‘ grain boundaries ’ and dislocations can have a strong effect on [later] developments — as we shall consider in section 22.6 .

Although the critical Rayleigh number is independent of the Prandtl number , subsequent developments are not .
although the critical rayleigh number is independent of the prandtl number , [later] developments are not .

This has the implication that , although in principle exact prescription of the initial conditions determines the solution throughout subsequent time , one has no way of actually finding this solution .
this has the implication that , although in principle exact prescription of the initial conditions determines the solution throughout [later] time , one has no way of actually finding this solution .

In both cases the behaviour is not completely predictable , but observation for only a short time makes it so for all subsequent times . )
in both cases the behaviour is not completely predictable , but observation for only a short time makes it so for all [later] times . )

We have , however , already noted that there is a difference in subsequent developments within the chaotic zone .
we have , however , already noted that there is a difference in [later] developments within the chaotic zone .

The electrical methods allow other possibilities ; one can , for example , release dye all along a wire at a given instant and obtain information from its subsequent locus .
the electrical methods allow other possibilities ; one can , for example , release dye all along a wire at a given instant and obtain information from its [later] locus .

The implications of the Keynesian and monetarist views for monetary policy , and the evidence supporting them , are examined in subsequent chapters .
the implications of the keynesian and monetarist views for monetary policy , and the evidence supporting them , are examined in [later] chapters .

The growth of the radical right in politics , and the subsequent elections of Reagan , Thatcher , Kohl and others .
the growth of the radical right in politics , and the [later] elections of reagan , thatcher , kohl and others .

The issues raised by this and subsequent questions go to the heart of the debate on the Compensation Fund , and it is apparent that many of those who answered negatively felt to varying degrees that in the present commercial climate the public could no longer expect the entire profession to compensate them for any losses they suffered at the hands of a tiny minority of errant solicitors — particularly as no comparable compensation was available from the providers of other professional services .
the issues raised by this and [later] questions go to the heart of the debate on the compensation fund , and it is apparent that many of those who answered negatively felt to varying degrees that in the present commercial climate the public could no longer expect the entire profession to compensate them for any losses they suffered at the hands of a tiny minority of errant solicitors — particularly as no comparable compensation was available from the providers of other professional services .

Oil change , check and adjustment services follow every subsequent 6,000 miles , with a major service scheduled every 36,000 miles .
oil change , check and adjustment services follow every [later] 6,000 miles , with a major service scheduled every 36,000 miles .

It is known that attacks on plants by herbivores reduce the quality of the tissues for subsequent feeding .
it is known that attacks on plants by herbivores reduce the quality of the tissues for [later] feeding .

The loss of nutrients here is probably due to the original clearing of the forest and subsequent uptake by the crop .
the loss of nutrients here is probably due to the original clearing of the forest and [later] uptake by the crop .

In subsequent numbers the instrumentalists withdraw , clearing a space for the singers and dancers , but remaining within the view of the audience .
in [later] numbers the instrumentalists withdraw , clearing a space for the singers and dancers , but remaining within the view of the audience .

It is possible to conceive of at least two different interpretations of this role , one in which Hymen 's idealization of the pastoral world is undermined only by subsequent events , the other in which the ridiculousness of his words becomes apparent immediately .
it is possible to conceive of at least two different interpretations of this role , one in which hymen 's idealization of the pastoral world is undermined only by [later] events , the other in which the ridiculousness of his words becomes apparent immediately .

Also listed are possible courses of subsequent development for each margin subtype .
also listed are possible courses of [later] development for each margin subtype .

Although it is possible to make some generalizations about the likely sequence of development of an intercontinental collision orogen , the pre-collision history of the active margin of the overriding plate and its subduction zone has an important influence on the subsequent evolution of an orogenic belt .
although it is possible to make some generalizations about the likely sequence of development of an intercontinental collision orogen , the pre-collision history of the active margin of the overriding plate and its subduction zone has an important influence on the [later] evolution of an orogenic belt .

This underthrusting began in the Early Miocene and contributed to the doubling of crustal thickness ( up to 80 km in places ) and the impressive subsequent uplift of the Higher Himalayas .
this underthrusting began in the early miocene and contributed to the doubling of crustal thickness ( up to 80 km in places ) and the impressive [later] uplift of the higher himalayas .

Here we will focus on the primary tectonic landforms created by faulting and leave the question of the mode of subsequent landscape development of faulted terrains until Chapter 16 .
here we will focus on the primary tectonic landforms created by faulting and leave the question of the mode of [later] landscape development of faulted terrains until chapter 16 .

In this case the connection between uplift and subsidence is especially close as there must first be a heating event for the subsequent cooling to give rise to a basin .
in this case the connection between uplift and subsidence is especially close as there must first be a heating event for the [later] cooling to give rise to a basin .

Although this effect may be instrumental in creating the characteristic concave profile , it is the subsequent formation of lava flows and development of intrusions within the cone that support the structure of the volcano and allow its form to persist .
although this effect may be instrumental in creating the characteristic concave profile , it is the [later] formation of lava flows and development of intrusions within the cone that support the structure of the volcano and allow its form to persist .

Subsequent experimental work has failed both to clarify fully the exact mechanisms involved in frost weathering and to define precisely the climatic conditions under which the process is likely be most effective .
[later] experimental work has failed both to clarify fully the exact mechanisms involved in frost weathering and to define precisely the climatic conditions under which the process is likely be most effective .

Subsequent additions and amendments to software may be technically possible , but inadvisable because of subsequent upgrade issues .
[later] additions and amendments to software may be technically possible , but inadvisable because of [later] upgrade issues .

Information about the creating system and subsequent storage will need to be added for electronic records to provide a complete record of their provenance .
information about the creating system and [later] storage will need to be added for electronic records to provide a complete record of their provenance .

It was not long since the Austrian Nestroy had written his entertaining and embittered farce The Talisman ( 1840 ) , in which the fortunes of a poor red-haired man are dramatically changed by the acquisition , and subsequent loss , of a black wig .
it was not long since the austrian nestroy had written his entertaining and embittered farce the talisman ( 1840 ) , in which the fortunes of a poor red-haired man are dramatically changed by the acquisition , and [later] loss , of a black wig .

Unfortunately the third sentence sends us reeling back to square one in terms of methodological confusion : we are now told that just because Keynes had tried to provide a theoretical underpinning for the concept of involuntary unemployment does not , ipso facto , oblige subsequent theorists to ‘ 'explain ’ the theoretical constructs of our predecessors ' .
unfortunately the third sentence sends us reeling back to square one in terms of methodological confusion : we are now told that just because keynes had tried to provide a theoretical underpinning for the concept of involuntary unemployment does not , ipso facto , oblige [later] theorists to ‘ 'explain ’ the theoretical constructs of our predecessors ' .

This accusation had been set temporarily to one side after the discovery of the Phillips curve and its subsequent absorption into income-expenditure models .
this accusation had been set temporarily to one side after the discovery of the phillips curve and its [later] absorption into income-expenditure models .

This is another example of a procedure which is characteristic of the rational expectations approach to the use of information : the elements of , must be exploited in such a way that no better predictor of can be found without further , and by definition subsequent , enlargement of the information set .
this is another example of a procedure which is characteristic of the rational expectations approach to the use of information : the elements of , must be exploited in such a way that no better predictor of can be found without further , and by definition [later] , enlargement of the information set .

Unfortunately the predictions of this very simple hypothesis were not borne out by the facts of subsequent experience .
unfortunately the predictions of this very simple hypothesis were not borne out by the facts of [later] experience .

Service by post of documents , other than of originating process , which will obviously be documents served subsequent to the originating process , are deemed to have been served and received if sent by post to the " address for service " , which is defined in Ord 1 , r 3 .
service by post of documents , other than of originating process , which will obviously be documents served [later] to the originating process , are deemed to have been served and received if sent by post to the " address for service " , which is defined in ord 1 , r 3 .

1.61 Second or subsequent applications for an interim payment can be made even if the first one failed .
1.61 second or [later] applications for an interim payment can be made even if the first one failed .

The more fruitful course is not to promise to undertake liability in the first place ( to the extent that the law permits this ) rather than to make promises and exclude liability for their subsequent breach .
the more fruitful course is not to promise to undertake liability in the first place ( to the extent that the law permits this ) rather than to make promises and exclude liability for their [later] breach .

For instance , a businessman could habitually send customers a typed standard contract and then negotiate on that , or , having had his lawyers draw up a special contract on one occasion , he could start to use this on subsequent occasions as if it were a precedent .
for instance , a businessman could habitually send customers a typed standard contract and then negotiate on that , or , having had his lawyers draw up a special contract on one occasion , he could start to use this on [later] occasions as if it were a precedent .

Where after notification of any of the matters in cases ( 4 ) to ( 13 ) the Society proceeds to grant an unconditional certificate subsequent applications need not contain references to those matters .
where after notification of any of the matters in cases ( 4 ) to ( 13 ) the society proceeds to grant an unconditional certificate [later] applications need not contain references to those matters .

Whilst the provisions of the agreement should when drafted accurately reflect what the partners desire to happen in certain specified events or , at any rate , what the partners may have agreed as a satisfactory basis for subsequent negotiation or a sufficient fall-back position if those negotiations should break down , they should be kept under regular review .
whilst the provisions of the agreement should when drafted accurately reflect what the partners desire to happen in certain specified events or , at any rate , what the partners may have agreed as a satisfactory basis for [later] negotiation or a sufficient fall-back position if those negotiations should break down , they should be kept under regular review .

It would not be unusual , however , to provide ( Clause 7.02 ) that new capital should be provided in the same proportions as the original contributions unless otherwise agreedwhich would at any rate provide the basis for subsequent negotiation when additional funding is found to be required .
it would not be unusual , however , to provide ( clause 7.02 ) that new capital should be provided in the same proportions as the original contributions unless otherwise agreedwhich would at any rate provide the basis for [later] negotiation when additional funding is found to be required .

There still remains the primary need for all agreements , however limited in scope , which affect the partners to be set down clearly and exhaustively in writing to avoid subsequent dispute : such writing may range from the proper minutes of a partners ' meeting to a separate manual describing a firm 's management process as a guide , in the largest firms , to enable every partner and every employee to identify the person responsible for any particular aspect of the firm 's administration .
there still remains the primary need for all agreements , however limited in scope , which affect the partners to be set down clearly and exhaustively in writing to avoid [later] dispute : such writing may range from the proper minutes of a partners ' meeting to a separate manual describing a firm 's management process as a guide , in the largest firms , to enable every partner and every employee to identify the person responsible for any particular aspect of the firm 's administration .

To the extent that agreement is reached which goes beyond the provisions of a pre-existing document or displaces the relevant provisions of the Partnership Act , the agreed terms should be reduced to writing to reduce the scope for subsequent dispute .
to the extent that agreement is reached which goes beyond the provisions of a pre-existing document or displaces the relevant provisions of the partnership act , the agreed terms should be reduced to writing to reduce the scope for [later] dispute .

There is no official model and the procedure for any given reference depends on the expert clause in the original contract between the parties and subsequent directions by the expert .
there is no official model and the procedure for any given reference depends on the expert clause in the original contract between the parties and [later] directions by the expert .

As time passes , they should be updated by practitioners to take account of subsequent inflation .
as time passes , they should be updated by practitioners to take account of [later] inflation .

The disclosure letter is just as important a part of the negotiations as the sale and purchase agreement , and it would be a mistake for extensive work to go into the due diligence exercise and subsequent negotiations of the sale and purchase agreement , only to be undone by an inadequate disclosure letter .
the disclosure letter is just as important a part of the negotiations as the sale and purchase agreement , and it would be a mistake for extensive work to go into the due diligence exercise and [later] negotiations of the sale and purchase agreement , only to be undone by an inadequate disclosure letter .

If management 's shares confer a right to assets on a winding-up which will be doubled upon profits reaching £x million , this is not a chargeable event as it derives from the ratchet and not from any subsequent event .
if management 's shares confer a right to assets on a winding-up which will be doubled upon profits reaching £x million , this is not a chargeable event as it derives from the ratchet and not from any [later] event .

If the business is subsequently hived up to Newco at less than both cost and market value , this will depress the value of Target 's shares , so that a subsequent disposal of them would realise a loss .
if the business is subsequently hived up to newco at less than both cost and market value , this will depress the value of target 's shares , so that a [later] disposal of them would realise a loss .

If the purchaser himself intends to dispose subsequently of these assets he will prefer to have acquired them at the higher base cost to minimise capital gains or corporation tax on a subsequent disposal .
if the purchaser himself intends to dispose subsequently of these assets he will prefer to have acquired them at the higher base cost to minimise capital gains or corporation tax on a [later] disposal .

The assets means the book value of the net assets ( excluding intangibles and after deducting loan capital and tax provisions ) taken from the most recent published consolidated accounts adjusted to take account of the subsequent transactions which have already been notified to shareholders .
the assets means the book value of the net assets ( excluding intangibles and after deducting loan capital and tax provisions ) taken from the most recent published consolidated accounts adjusted to take account of the [later] transactions which have already been notified to shareholders .

Perhaps most importantly the vendor should remember that the value of the consideration shares can go down as well as up and the purchaser may require the vendor to agree to restrictions on the manner and timing of subsequent sales of the shares by the vendor .
perhaps most importantly the vendor should remember that the value of the consideration shares can go down as well as up and the purchaser may require the vendor to agree to restrictions on the manner and timing of [later] sales of the shares by the vendor .

Subsequent checks on 10 of 16 PWRs in France revealed similar problems , as did checks on five of 14 in Germany , and on all three in Switzerland .
[later] checks on 10 of 16 pwrs in france revealed similar problems , as did checks on five of 14 in germany , and on all three in switzerland .

The committee also believes that time should be set aside for the trial disposal and subsequent recovery of radioactive waste ( which is the practice in the United States and Canada ) .
the committee also believes that time should be set aside for the trial disposal and [later] recovery of radioactive waste ( which is the practice in the united states and canada ) .

In a subsequent series of court cases , however , federal judges ruled that this definition was inadequate .
in a [later] series of court cases , however , federal judges ruled that this definition was inadequate .

Subsequent estimates indicated that it had spilt around 70,000 tons of its cargo .
[later] estimates indicated that it had spilt around 70,000 tons of its cargo .

Labour party politicians came to view this examination and the consequent dichotomy between grammar and secondary modern schools as educationally questionable and socially divisive : those attending secondary modern schools were seen as `` failures `` and their subsequent job opportunities limited by virtue of their education .
labour party politicians came to view this examination and the consequent dichotomy between grammar and secondary modern schools as educationally questionable and socially divisive : those attending secondary modern schools were seen as `` failures `` and their [later] job opportunities limited by virtue of their education .

Although Dicey claimed more ancient lineage for it , the principle of parliamentary sovereignty became established as a judicial rule in consequence of the Glorious Revolution of 1688 and subsequent Bill of Rights , which established the relationship between the Crown and Parliament ( see Chapter 3 ) .
although dicey claimed more ancient lineage for it , the principle of parliamentary sovereignty became established as a judicial rule in consequence of the glorious revolution of 1688 and [later] bill of rights , which established the relationship between the crown and parliament ( see chapter 3 ) .

In cumulative selection , on the other hand , they `` reproduce `` ; or in some other way the results of one sieving process are fed into a subsequent sieving , which is fed into … `` and so on .
in cumulative selection , on the other hand , they `` reproduce `` ; or in some other way the results of one sieving process are fed into a [later] sieving , which is fed into … `` and so on .

Firstly the noun phrase `` the six cabinet ministers ' is the most elaborated of all the references to the ministers , and would naturally be expected to precede subsequent , more reduced , forms .
firstly the noun phrase `` the six cabinet ministers ' is the most elaborated of all the references to the ministers , and would naturally be expected to precede [later] , more reduced , forms .

This is a linguistic feature which is often used to introduce a new entity into the text , with subsequent references adopting the definite article the .
this is a linguistic feature which is often used to introduce a new entity into the text , with [later] references adopting the definite article the .

By contrast , in the present example , the pronoun is used cataphorically ; it points forward to a reference or references in a subsequent portion of text .
by contrast , in the present example , the pronoun is used cataphorically ; it points forward to a reference or references in a [later] portion of text .

But one thing that the introduction of the original version should have highlighted is how a break-up and subsequent reconstruction of the text is possible in the first place .
but one thing that the introduction of the original version should have highlighted is how a break-up and [later] reconstruction of the text is possible in the first place .

The pronoun here therefore `` points forwards ' to subsequent elaboration in the form of full noun phrases such as `` two soldiers ' , `` the officer `` and `` the soldiers ' .
the pronoun here therefore `` points forwards ' to [later] elaboration in the form of full noun phrases such as `` two soldiers ' , `` the officer `` and `` the soldiers ' .

He would have been amazed to learn that subsequent generations would make such stuff the foundation of dogmas .
he would have been amazed to learn that [later] generations would make such stuff the foundation of dogmas .

The defence against him was supervised by the Archbishop of York , and three holy banners of St Peter of York , St John of Beverley and St Wilfrid of Ripon were flown from a standard in a cart , giving the subsequent engagement near Northallerton the name of ‘ Battle of the Standard ’ .
the defence against him was supervised by the archbishop of york , and three holy banners of st peter of york , st john of beverley and st wilfrid of ripon were flown from a standard in a cart , giving the [later] engagement near northallerton the name of ‘ battle of the standard ’ .

Many romantic tales are told of the king 's subsequent wanderings .
many romantic tales are told of the king 's [later] wanderings .

Mary of Guise , as leader of Papal and pro-French elements among the nobility , was dubious about English proposals for a proxy marriage before the queen was 10 , and a subsequent upbringing in England .
mary of guise , as leader of papal and pro-french elements among the nobility , was dubious about english proposals for a proxy marriage before the queen was 10 , and a [later] upbringing in england .

Sir Thomas Kerr of Ferniehirst and Sir John Forster told conflicting stories in the subsequent enquiry .
sir thomas kerr of ferniehirst and sir john forster told conflicting stories in the [later] enquiry .

There are two versions of subsequent events . Writers who disapproved of Mary claimed that her impatience to be at her lover 's side
there are two versions of [later] events . writers who disapproved of mary claimed that her impatience to be at her lover 's side

Reflecting the pattern of the conference , our report contains the contributions of the invited speakers , of the subsequent discussions in the workshops where particular issues were dealt with in depth , and finally the general debate in the afternoon which was open to everyone present .
reflecting the pattern of the conference , our report contains the contributions of the invited speakers , of the [later] discussions in the workshops where particular issues were dealt with in depth , and finally the general debate in the afternoon which was open to everyone present .

The Colonel made a habit of inviting to dinner certain of his friends whom , in his subsequent reports , he would disguise under discreet pseudonyms .
the colonel made a habit of inviting to dinner certain of his friends whom , in his [later] reports , he would disguise under discreet pseudonyms .

In both countries , though , significantly more toads moved in subsequent seasons .
in both countries , though , significantly more toads moved in [later] seasons .

Enter climber-turned-platform-builder Mark Cole ( opposite ) , who would shin up the chosen tree , attach a climbing rope , and then accompany Mike on each subsequent climb .
enter climber-turned-platform-builder mark cole ( opposite ) , who would shin up the chosen tree , attach a climbing rope , and then accompany mike on each [later] climb .

On the second and subsequent matings , the female may be fertilised , but she will continue to ovulate , giving a chance to further males .
on the second and [later] matings , the female may be fertilised , but she will continue to ovulate , giving a chance to further males .

30:14 : mandrakes were thought to induce fertility — which makes Leah 's subsequent pregnancy ironic .
30:14 : mandrakes were thought to induce fertility — which makes leah 's [later] pregnancy ironic .

Subsequent chapters make it plain that their number was certainly too great for the wilderness to support — hence God 's special provision of manna .
[later] chapters make it plain that their number was certainly too great for the wilderness to support — hence god 's special provision of manna .

If these were in fact 400 fully armed foot-soldiers , the subsequent narrative makes excellent sense .
if these were in fact 400 fully armed foot-soldiers , the [later] narrative makes excellent sense .

The Doctor 's subsequent relapse might well have been because of Dr McNab 's interference .
the doctor 's [later] relapse might well have been because of dr mcnab 's interference .

In conclusion , Jones notes the potential value of explicit instruction on the nature of writing at the preschool level for subsequent success in school .
in conclusion , jones notes the potential value of explicit instruction on the nature of writing at the preschool level for [later] success in school .

The error certainly blocks any subsequent attempt to construct a meaningful sequence , especially since the child is totally defeated by ‘ ruins ’ .
the error certainly blocks any [later] attempt to construct a meaningful sequence , especially since the child is totally defeated by ‘ ruins ’ .

To Churchill and other Allied leaders de Gaulle claimed to speak for France : his subsequent career as Liberator , Father-figure and statesman owed much to the fact that he spoke to the French — when all seemed lost .
to churchill and other allied leaders de gaulle claimed to speak for france : his [later] career as liberator , father-figure and statesman owed much to the fact that he spoke to the french — when all seemed lost .

Those who regarded his attendance as vital were probably taken in too much by the spirit of Birkenhead 's subsequent jibe about cabin boys taking over captains ' jobs .
those who regarded his attendance as vital were probably taken in too much by the spirit of birkenhead 's [later] jibe about cabin boys taking over captains ' jobs .

He had gone home to face crisis and , as he persuaded himself , subsequent obscurity .
he had gone home to face crisis and , as he persuaded himself , [later] obscurity .

These stated explicitly that the Government would last only for the emergency , and that any subsequent elections would be fought not by the Government as a whole but by the parties .
these stated explicitly that the government would last only for the emergency , and that any [later] elections would be fought not by the government as a whole but by the parties .

The legitimacy of this claim is shown by Nicaragua 's subsequent commencement of proceedings against Costa Rica and Honduras in which Honduras alleged that the Nicaraguan claims constituted an ‘ artificial and arbitrary ’ dividing up of the tension within the area .
the legitimacy of this claim is shown by nicaragua 's [later] commencement of proceedings against costa rica and honduras in which honduras alleged that the nicaraguan claims constituted an ‘ artificial and arbitrary ’ dividing up of the tension within the area .

The words ‘ obligation ’ and ‘ right ’ provide no analysis of what might actually occur within the relationships between the parties and between the parties and non-parties , or of the chain of action and response that is likely to unwind from the conclusion and subsequent performance of any treaty .
the words ‘ obligation ’ and ‘ right ’ provide no analysis of what might actually occur within the relationships between the parties and between the parties and non-parties , or of the chain of action and response that is likely to unwind from the conclusion and [later] performance of any treaty .

Disputes relating to rights and obligations centre upon interpreting the status quo , while third parties ' claims may rest upon interests or needs that have emerged or been articulated at some subsequent time .
disputes relating to rights and obligations centre upon interpreting the status quo , while third parties ' claims may rest upon interests or needs that have emerged or been articulated at some [later] time .

The crucial factors for the creation of a third party right , as expressed by the majority of the Court , were the intention of the parties as stipulated in the agreement , and subsequent actions , including those of the third party .
the crucial factors for the creation of a third party right , as expressed by the majority of the court , were the intention of the parties as stipulated in the agreement , and [later] actions , including those of the third party .

State succession was also omitted from the Vienna Convention , necessitating the subsequent Vienna Convention on State Succession .
state succession was also omitted from the vienna convention , necessitating the [later] vienna convention on state succession .

Yet another omission from the Vienna Convention is the most-favoured nation clause , a clause long accepted as effective to provide benefits for third parties to treaties concluded subsequent to the treaty containing the clause .
yet another omission from the vienna convention is the most-favoured nation clause , a clause long accepted as effective to provide benefits for third parties to treaties concluded [later] to the treaty containing the clause .

It is not stated who is to determine whether the conditions have been observed , or what is to be the consequence of subsequent non-observance .
it is not stated who is to determine whether the conditions have been observed , or what is to be the consequence of [later] non-observance .

It may be that the subsequent Treaty of Paris was viewed as constituting written acceptance by Danzig of Poland 's rights , and its corresponding duty to accept them .
it may be that the [later] treaty of paris was viewed as constituting written acceptance by danzig of poland 's rights , and its corresponding duty to accept them .

If a State concludes a treaty that conflicts with its obligations under an earlier treaty , other parties to the former treaty ( although third parties to the subsequent one ) can regard that State as remaining bound by its commitments to them .
if a state concludes a treaty that conflicts with its obligations under an earlier treaty , other parties to the former treaty ( although third parties to the [later] one ) can regard that state as remaining bound by its commitments to them .

If the subsequent treaty prevents performance of a State 's prior obligations , parties to the former may regard that State as committing a material breach of the earlier treaty and act accordingly .
if the [later] treaty prevents performance of a state 's prior obligations , parties to the former may regard that state as committing a material breach of the earlier treaty and act accordingly .

This is not truly a third party claim , as the basis for the claim of material breach is party status to the first treaty ; it is only with respect to the subsequent treaty that there is a third party relationship .
this is not truly a third party claim , as the basis for the claim of material breach is party status to the first treaty ; it is only with respect to the [later] treaty that there is a third party relationship .

Subsequent treaty commitments are no defence to non-performance of the obligations of an earlier treaty ; States are expected to ensure that they do not enter into conflicting treaty arrangements .
[later] treaty commitments are no defence to non-performance of the obligations of an earlier treaty ; states are expected to ensure that they do not enter into conflicting treaty arrangements .

If the two treaties have identical parties the subsequent treaty is regarded as amending the earlier .
if the two treaties have identical parties the [later] treaty is regarded as amending the earlier .

It also supports the principle that a party 's right to treaty performance means that a voluntarily incurred treaty restriction ( in this case a procedural restriction ) upon subsequent treaty-making power will be upheld , even to the detriment of a subsequent third party , ( the United States ) .
it also supports the principle that a party 's right to treaty performance means that a voluntarily incurred treaty restriction ( in this case a procedural restriction ) upon [later] treaty-making power will be upheld , even to the detriment of a [later] third party , ( the united states ) .

In Oscar Chinn Judge Schucking thought that parties to a treaty which had placed restrictions upon conflicting treaties concluded by less than the full complement of parties to the former treaty , could regard as invalid a subsequent treaty concluded by a minority to the first treaty .
in oscar chinn judge schucking thought that parties to a treaty which had placed restrictions upon conflicting treaties concluded by less than the full complement of parties to the former treaty , could regard as invalid a [later] treaty concluded by a minority to the first treaty .

The majority of the Court avoided determining whether the first treaty prohibited a limited number of States from concluding a subsequent treaty .
the majority of the court avoided determining whether the first treaty prohibited a limited number of states from concluding a [later] treaty .

Whether it could have claimed that New Zealand 's commitment to the subsequent treaty was invalid is much less clear .
whether it could have claimed that new zealand 's commitment to the [later] treaty was invalid is much less clear .

In Costa Rica v. Nicaragua the restriction was procedural ( that a subsequent agreement could not be entered into without consultation ) rather than conflicting substantive obligations .
in costa rica v. nicaragua the restriction was procedural ( that a [later] agreement could not be entered into without consultation ) rather than conflicting substantive obligations .

Another perspective from which to consider Article 36 bis is that of the genuine third party — the State with which the subsequent treaty is negotiated .
another perspective from which to consider article 36 bis is that of the genuine third party — the state with which the [later] treaty is negotiated .

Lauterpacht concludes that the subsequent Resolution of the Assembly shows that the Assembly accepted the Court 's opinion , although a diversity of views persisted on the nature of the effect of the election .
lauterpacht concludes that the [later] resolution of the assembly shows that the assembly accepted the court 's opinion , although a diversity of views persisted on the nature of the effect of the election .

The members of an organisation acting qua members can unanimously amend or even terminate an international organisation , either in accordance with an amendment clause or through the formal or informal conclusion of a subsequent international agreement .
the members of an organisation acting qua members can unanimously amend or even terminate an international organisation , either in accordance with an amendment clause or through the formal or informal conclusion of a [later] international agreement .

To allow individuals to challenge an exercise of the treaty-making power could cause uncertainty and tension in international affairs , negate the intended beneficial consequences of the conclusion of a treaty , impede negotiations for subsequent treaties or informal agreements , and cause a State to violate its international undertakings .
to allow individuals to challenge an exercise of the treaty-making power could cause uncertainty and tension in international affairs , negate the intended beneficial consequences of the conclusion of a treaty , impede negotiations for [later] treaties or informal agreements , and cause a state to violate its international undertakings .

In a subsequent decision the Court of Appeal thought many factors needed to be weighed before concluding that individuals could possess no such rights .
in a [later] decision the court of appeal thought many factors needed to be weighed before concluding that individuals could possess no such rights .

They returned to the room where she explained about Philpott 's heart attack and his subsequent convalescence at the Bellevue Hospital where he would remain for the next few days .
they returned to the room where she explained about philpott 's heart attack and his [later] convalescence at the bellevue hospital where he would remain for the next few days .

The size suggested is satisfactory although if the width were increased to say 65 or 75mm the machining and subsequent laying work would be reduced .
the size suggested is satisfactory although if the width were increased to say 65 or 75mm the machining and [later] laying work would be reduced .

Not only was France here , and on many subsequent occasions , unable to pronounce the word ‘ independence ’ .
not only was france here , and on many [later] occasions , unable to pronounce the word ‘ independence ’ .

The change is slow — between the work of Kinsey at the end of the 19405 and my own in 1974–75 there is no marked contradiction and subsequent studies have not revealed great differences — but it is steady .
the change is slow — between the work of kinsey at the end of the 19405 and my own in 1974–75 there is no marked contradiction and [later] studies have not revealed great differences — but it is steady .

It is well known that marital breakdown between parents can have a dire effect upon the child in terms of immediate misery , and subsequent disruption of personality and relationships .
it is well known that marital breakdown between parents can have a dire effect upon the child in terms of immediate misery , and [later] disruption of personality and relationships .

It can have equally dire effect upon subsequent relationships .
it can have equally dire effect upon [later] relationships .

There is , perhaps , undue panic within social services departments at the moment — following several cases in which child battering or torment has gone unobserved with subsequent outcry in the Press — when the child of a client is observed to be bruised .
there is , perhaps , undue panic within social services departments at the moment — following several cases in which child battering or torment has gone unobserved with [later] outcry in the press — when the child of a client is observed to be bruised .

Nevertheless , subsequent effects can be more severe .
nevertheless , [later] effects can be more severe .

The popular view of children being `` corrupted `` by sexual offenders is hard to overcome ( repression of the child 's feeling and subsequent inhibition is far more likely ) and the child may come to feel itself to be corrupted without any clear knowledge of the significance of the term or the act itself .
the popular view of children being `` corrupted `` by sexual offenders is hard to overcome ( repression of the child 's feeling and [later] inhibition is far more likely ) and the child may come to feel itself to be corrupted without any clear knowledge of the significance of the term or the act itself .

There was no room to expand satisfactorily at Greek Street , especially because of the loss of land sold to the Technical School for its building and subsequent expansion .
there was no room to expand satisfactorily at greek street , especially because of the loss of land sold to the technical school for its building and [later] expansion .

Subsequent decisions on strategy concerned the best use of American resources in the European theatre of war , and here the British Prime Minister , Winston Churchill , played an important role in 1942 .
[later] decisions on strategy concerned the best use of american resources in the european theatre of war , and here the british prime minister , winston churchill , played an important role in 1942 .

The subsequent televised hearings exposed no Communist infiltrators , and made plain to millions the viciousness of McCarthy as he cast about for victims .
the [later] televised hearings exposed no communist infiltrators , and made plain to millions the viciousness of mccarthy as he cast about for victims .

In 1951 , the Prime Minister of Iran , Muhammad Mossadegh , had nationalized the British-owned Anglo-Iranian Oil Company , and in the subsequent crisis the pro-Western Shah of Iran had been forced to flee the country .
in 1951 , the prime minister of iran , muhammad mossadegh , had nationalized the british-owned anglo-iranian oil company , and in the [later] crisis the pro-western shah of iran had been forced to flee the country .

On 5 August 1974 , the President admitted that he had known of the Watergate break-in in June 1972 , and confessed to his part in the subsequent cover-up .
on 5 august 1974 , the president admitted that he had known of the watergate break-in in june 1972 , and confessed to his part in the [later] cover-up .

The stylistic values associated with the linguistic data must be largely taken on trust at present ; in subsequent chapters , we shall endeavour to show how these values , too , can be studied systematically .
the stylistic values associated with the linguistic data must be largely taken on trust at present ; in [later] chapters , we shall endeavour to show how these values , too , can be studied systematically .

He tends to mention antecedent events after subsequent ones , and causes after effects .
he tends to mention antecedent events after [later] ones , and causes after effects .

We are introduced to Pemberton at the point where he is screwing up courage to say something about money , and all that happens in the subsequent two paragraphs is that the boy returns and his effort is frustrated .
we are introduced to pemberton at the point where he is screwing up courage to say something about money , and all that happens in the [later] two paragraphs is that the boy returns and his effort is frustrated .

With subsequent context , however , even this can be interpreted as mediated through the mind of Pemberton , who after all is able to draw his own conclusions from Mrs Moreen 's fairly obvious strategy of ridding them of the boy 's company .
with [later] context , however , even this can be interpreted as mediated through the mind of pemberton , who after all is able to draw his own conclusions from mrs moreen 's fairly obvious strategy of ridding them of the boy 's company .

( i ) ( 65 ) Our count of " lexical repetition " registers second and subsequent occurrences of words of major word classes .
( i ) ( 65 ) our count of " lexical repetition " registers second and [later] occurrences of words of major word classes .

More flexible systems developed as the movement grew , and Crowder 's work with intrinsic or branching programmes , in which the learner 's responses and mistakes are built into the sequence and determine subsequent steps , made greater concessions to individual differences among learners .
more flexible systems developed as the movement grew , and crowder 's work with intrinsic or branching programmes , in which the learner 's responses and mistakes are built into the sequence and determine [later] steps , made greater concessions to individual differences among learners .

When he had completed the tape , he had absorbed a required unit of work , and subsequent testing generally demonstrated that students were rapidly improving in their grasp of essential material , as well as responding positively to this method of instruction .
when he had completed the tape , he had absorbed a required unit of work , and [later] testing generally demonstrated that students were rapidly improving in their grasp of essential material , as well as responding positively to this method of instruction .

In fact Dewey had left unassigned the section 539 , in the physics schedules , allowing , very fortunately , for future developments , and it was only later that the new subjects received their allotted positions in subsequent editions of the scheme .
in fact dewey had left unassigned the section 539 , in the physics schedules , allowing , very fortunately , for future developments , and it was only later that the new subjects received their allotted positions in [later] editions of the scheme .

It can not be claimed that even as much testing as was possible of the information retrieval systems during the Resource Centre Project has been applied to the discussion in these subsequent pages .
it can not be claimed that even as much testing as was possible of the information retrieval systems during the resource centre project has been applied to the discussion in these [later] pages .

The planning must then design the introductory and motivating unit ( the `` lead lesson `` , the `` starter pack `` , an introductory film , or whatever is the best agent for the particular purpose ) , a schedule of subsequent activity anticipating varieties of use and as many of the consequent hazards as can be foreseen , and the expected conclusion ; and at every stage it is important to be clear about intentions and objectives , learning points , and how it is proposed to monitor the continuing success of the work in achieving these objectives .
the planning must then design the introductory and motivating unit ( the `` lead lesson `` , the `` starter pack `` , an introductory film , or whatever is the best agent for the particular purpose ) , a schedule of [later] activity anticipating varieties of use and as many of the consequent hazards as can be foreseen , and the expected conclusion ; and at every stage it is important to be clear about intentions and objectives , learning points , and how it is proposed to monitor the continuing success of the work in achieving these objectives .

Obviously infarct size and subsequent left ventricular function are closely related to prognosis .
obviously infarct size and [later] left ventricular function are closely related to prognosis .

Even so , in 1974 and in subsequent general elections the system would have proved viable only in a minority of regions .
even so , in 1974 and in [later] general elections the system would have proved viable only in a minority of regions .

With the failure of fusion , and with the subsequent failure of Liberal reunion in May 1920 , the coalition settled into a stage of continuous crisis .
with the failure of fusion , and with the [later] failure of liberal reunion in may 1920 , the coalition settled into a stage of continuous crisis .

In one of the many subsequent worlds into which the universe has divided itself ?
in one of the many [later] worlds into which the universe has divided itself ?

In subsequent sections of the Report it becomes increasingly evident that , with the single exception of literature , all of these sources of experience are to be considered as potentially corrupting .
in [later] sections of the report it becomes increasingly evident that , with the single exception of literature , all of these sources of experience are to be considered as potentially corrupting .

The passage which follows has commonly been taken as providing a basis for subsequent conceptions of the role and function of professional English teaching .
the passage which follows has commonly been taken as providing a basis for [later] conceptions of the role and function of professional english teaching .

And interestingly , one review by Mawer contains the only mention of the Newbolt Report to be included in the Review during the whole of the inter-war period , and this solely in the context of attributing to the Report responsibility for generating a good deal of subsequent discussion of grammar .
and interestingly , one review by mawer contains the only mention of the newbolt report to be included in the review during the whole of the inter-war period , and this solely in the context of attributing to the report responsibility for generating a good deal of [later] discussion of grammar .

Underlying Leavis 's reformed discourse on English is the sense that a major cultural transformation during the seventeenth century is at the root of the subsequent debasing modernizing process .
underlying leavis 's reformed discourse on english is the sense that a major cultural transformation during the seventeenth century is at the root of the [later] debasing modernizing process .

The important point , though , is that the discourse touches many of the lines of force active within the discipline at that moment , and — despite subsequent transformations of the relationships between English , education , culture , and democracy — still active in the 1980s .
the important point , though , is that the discourse touches many of the lines of force active within the discipline at that moment , and — despite [later] transformations of the relationships between english , education , culture , and democracy — still active in the 1980s .

Of course , the sense of the danger to English studies from viewing literary texts as social , historical , or cultural `` documents `` reached back at least as far as Newbolt , and every subsequent suggestion that texts be used in such a way rekindled related anxieties .
of course , the sense of the danger to english studies from viewing literary texts as social , historical , or cultural `` documents `` reached back at least as far as newbolt , and every [later] suggestion that texts be used in such a way rekindled related anxieties .

The consequences for English studies of the reassessment of liberal humanism in the light of the experience of war and the subsequent emergence of the " affluent society " , and popular and youth cultures , is perhaps best examined through George Steiner 's " after Auschwitz " thesis . Reflecting on the extermination of million human beings in recent times , Steiner argues that
the consequences for english studies of the reassessment of liberal humanism in the light of the experience of war and the [later] emergence of the " affluent society " , and popular and youth cultures , is perhaps best examined through george steiner 's " after auschwitz " thesis . reflecting on the extermination of million human beings in recent times , steiner argues that

The alarming increase in media oligopolies has led to a subsequent decline in any need for public accountability on the part of media corporations .
the alarming increase in media oligopolies has led to a [later] decline in any need for public accountability on the part of media corporations .

In subsequent weeks , Angela would follow up by encouraging parish communication teams to work on newsletters , leaflets and other forms of media .
in [later] weeks , angela would follow up by encouraging parish communication teams to work on newsletters , leaflets and other forms of media .

This neutralised the efforts of the consortium since all funds committed so far had been for the purchase of the collection intact ; they could not be used for individual sale bids or any subsequent related negotiations .
this neutralised the efforts of the consortium since all funds committed so far had been for the purchase of the collection intact ; they could not be used for individual sale bids or any [later] related negotiations .

If the past owner was a famous collector or a museum ( the latter the case for the late Ming lacquer altar table which we are displaying , from the Art Institute of Chicago ) or the work of art was exhibited at a museum ( as is the case for the T'ang torso , formerly in the collection of Lawrence Sickman and shown at the Nelson-Atkins Museum , Kansas City for years ) , this would add to its interest in the eyes of subsequent collectors .
if the past owner was a famous collector or a museum ( the latter the case for the late ming lacquer altar table which we are displaying , from the art institute of chicago ) or the work of art was exhibited at a museum ( as is the case for the t'ang torso , formerly in the collection of lawrence sickman and shown at the nelson-atkins museum , kansas city for years ) , this would add to its interest in the eyes of [later] collectors .

From subsequent events it seems probable that two tribes gave Rome considerable assistance during the landing and fighting that followed .
from [later] events it seems probable that two tribes gave rome considerable assistance during the landing and fighting that followed .

It is thus evident that the fall of Magnentius and the subsequent zeal of Paulus had an effect on the Britons and their estates , but its extent is difficult to quantify , since there is not yet enough large-scale excavation of villas and other rural establishments using modern refined techniques .
it is thus evident that the fall of magnentius and the [later] zeal of paulus had an effect on the britons and their estates , but its extent is difficult to quantify , since there is not yet enough large-scale excavation of villas and other rural establishments using modern refined techniques .

Paintings from the collection have been sold over subsequent years , some passing through the Paris art trade while a number of works entered major public collections including the National Gallery , London and the Metropolitan , New York .
paintings from the collection have been sold over [later] years , some passing through the paris art trade while a number of works entered major public collections including the national gallery , london and the metropolitan , new york .

The ‘ 92 show deals with Hofschen 's work from 1968 to 1970 : this and the subsequent shows will be recorded in three unified catalogues .
the ‘ 92 show deals with hofschen 's work from 1968 to 1970 : this and the [later] shows will be recorded in three unified catalogues .

In particular , the subjectivist 's charge that the defence doctrine leads to the harsh objectivism of the reasonable man as a standard can be refuted by treating the reasonableness requirement as not being a second and subsequent question which must be answered in the affirmative in order to secure an acquittal , but as an integral part of the first question : Did the accused hold the belief he claims to have held ?
in particular , the subjectivist 's charge that the defence doctrine leads to the harsh objectivism of the reasonable man as a standard can be refuted by treating the reasonableness requirement as not being a second and [later] question which must be answered in the affirmative in order to secure an acquittal , but as an integral part of the first question : did the accused hold the belief he claims to have held ?

Many who suffer from these diseases experience years of ill-health and subsequent loss of productivity .
many who suffer from these diseases experience years of ill-health and [later] loss of productivity .

One way round such thorny issues was the insertion of a clause in all subsequent alliances excepting the vassals ' fealty to his liege lord .
one way round such thorny issues was the insertion of a clause in all [later] alliances excepting the vassals ' fealty to his liege lord .

Did the performance of an oath to the king of France in fact entail the subsequent performance of feudal services by the king-dukes ?
did the performance of an oath to the king of france in fact entail the [later] performance of feudal services by the king-dukes ?

The results of Edward 's Gascon inquiry of 1273–5 were not entirely dissimilar to those of his subsequent inquest in England which led to the Hundred Rolls and the statute of Gloucester ( 1280 ) .
the results of edward 's gascon inquiry of 1273–5 were not entirely dissimilar to those of his [later] inquest in england which led to the hundred rolls and the statute of gloucester ( 1280 ) .

Therefore , when clients relate their first and subsequent panic attacks , or other symptoms of anxiety and stress , and explain that they were doing nothing out of the ordinary , it is entirely possible that this was the case .
therefore , when clients relate their first and [later] panic attacks , or other symptoms of anxiety and stress , and explain that they were doing nothing out of the ordinary , it is entirely possible that this was the case .

If the chattel has been purchased through a dealer or auction house or in market overt ‘ it can not be recovered from the first purchaser or any subsequent bona fide purchaser , unless he is compensated for the purchase-money paid ’ [ Art .
if the chattel has been purchased through a dealer or auction house or in market overt ‘ it can not be recovered from the first purchaser or any [later] bona fide purchaser , unless he is compensated for the purchase-money paid ’ [ art .

The involvement of the late Peter Wilson , former Chairman of Sotheby 's in the acquisition of the treasure and the subsequent syndicate set up with dealer Rainer Zietz to offer the treasure to institutions including the Getty , was published in an article by Geraldine Norman and Thomas Hoving in The Independent in December 1991 .
the involvement of the late peter wilson , former chairman of sotheby 's in the acquisition of the treasure and the [later] syndicate set up with dealer rainer zietz to offer the treasure to institutions including the getty , was published in an article by geraldine norman and thomas hoving in the independent in december 1991 .

The financial means at Lorenzo 's disposal did not , however , equal those of his father , and his early death and the subsequent convulsions of the Florentine State meant that many commissions did not progress beyond the planning stage .
the financial means at lorenzo 's disposal did not , however , equal those of his father , and his early death and the [later] convulsions of the florentine state meant that many commissions did not progress beyond the planning stage .

The four categories shown in Table 4.1 are collapsed into a simple dichotomy — satisfied , dissatisfied — in subsequent discussions of the relationships between satisfaction patterns and other factors .
the four categories shown in table 4.1 are collapsed into a simple dichotomy — satisfied , dissatisfied — in [later] discussions of the relationships between satisfaction patterns and other factors .

For students unable to obtain a place in hall for their first or subsequent years , the remaining choice lies in the private-rented sector .
for students unable to obtain a place in hall for their first or [later] years , the remaining choice lies in the private-rented sector .

Research evidence shows that , whilst human adults vary greatly in their intellectual curiosity and their levels of mental energy , most of us learn by the unconscious process of internalizing knowledge , skills or attitudes that have a more-or-less permanent effect on our subsequent behaviour .
research evidence shows that , whilst human adults vary greatly in their intellectual curiosity and their levels of mental energy , most of us learn by the unconscious process of internalizing knowledge , skills or attitudes that have a more-or-less permanent effect on our [later] behaviour .

An appendix demonstrates the importance of striving to keep costs to efficient levels , a topic relevant to this and to several subsequent chapters .
an appendix demonstrates the importance of striving to keep costs to efficient levels , a topic relevant to this and to several [later] chapters .

The firm can adjust subsequent managerial salaries to reflect overconsumption of non-salary perquisites , or at least can attempt to do so based on the information available .
the firm can adjust [later] managerial salaries to reflect overconsumption of non-salary perquisites , or at least can attempt to do so based on the information available .

Assuming these signals convey useful information , it is not optimal for a manager to `` rip off `` the current firm hoping to move on to another very shortly , because the second firm will pick up some hint of this behaviour , any subsequent firm a stronger hint , and so on .
assuming these signals convey useful information , it is not optimal for a manager to `` rip off `` the current firm hoping to move on to another very shortly , because the second firm will pick up some hint of this behaviour , any [later] firm a stronger hint , and so on .

Subsequent reductions in price will attract bonuses in subsequent periods , until price is driven to equality with marginal cost ; a bonus is paid only if there is a change in price and ( or ) output .
[later] reductions in price will attract bonuses in [later] periods , until price is driven to equality with marginal cost ; a bonus is paid only if there is a change in price and ( or ) output .

All subsequent races have been held in June with the exception of 1956 ( July ) and 1968 ( September ) .
all [later] races have been held in june with the exception of 1956 ( july ) and 1968 ( september ) .

All subsequent races have been held over that distance with minor fluctuations .
all [later] races have been held over that distance with minor fluctuations .

The methodology used in the treatment of results of subsequent investigations therefore includes the following procedure :
the methodology used in the treatment of results of [later] investigations therefore includes the following procedure :

Sense-based definitions of words could contribute to the subsequent overlap process by providing more concise , pertinent definitions and reducing the chances of spurious overlaps due to inappropriate but co-incident word senses .
sense-based definitions of words could contribute to the [later] overlap process by providing more concise , pertinent definitions and reducing the chances of spurious overlaps due to inappropriate but co-incident word senses .

Expansion of the word to its 1st level ( definition ) , and subsequent calculation of the coverage ;
expansion of the word to its 1st level ( definition ) , and [later] calculation of the coverage ;

Expansion of the definition to the next ( second ) level , and subsequent calculation of the coverage .
expansion of the definition to the next ( second ) level , and [later] calculation of the coverage .

The simple algorithm has therefore been be adopted as the default in subsequent trials .
the simple algorithm has therefore been be adopted as the default in [later] trials .

conceiving of each word as being characterised by its set of collocations , allowing subsequent fusion of individual data points .
conceiving of each word as being characterised by its set of collocations , allowing [later] fusion of individual data points .

Describing Gloucester 's subsequent attack on the Woodvilles , More continues : ‘ [ Gloucester and Buckingham ] said that the lord marquis had entered into the Tower of London and thence taken out the king 's treasure and sent men to the sea .
describing gloucester 's [later] attack on the woodvilles , more continues : ‘ [ gloucester and buckingham ] said that the lord marquis had entered into the tower of london and thence taken out the king 's treasure and sent men to the sea .

Mancini himself is clear that there was long-standing rivalry between the duke and the queen 's family , and this has been accepted by almost every subsequent writer .
mancini himself is clear that there was long-standing rivalry between the duke and the queen 's family , and this has been accepted by almost every [later] writer .

This period of about five weeks , in which Gloucester and the council governed in apparent harmony , provides an unfamiliar perspective from which to view Gloucester 's subsequent usurpation .
this period of about five weeks , in which gloucester and the council governed in apparent harmony , provides an unfamiliar perspective from which to view gloucester 's [later] usurpation .

If there really was a conspiracy against Gloucester , his subsequent actions can be seen as a matter of self-defence , culminating in his seizure of the throne as the only way of achieving long-term security from Woodville recriminations .
if there really was a conspiracy against gloucester , his [later] actions can be seen as a matter of self-defence , culminating in his seizure of the throne as the only way of achieving long-term security from woodville recriminations .

This model has influenced most subsequent studies , whether in the functionalist accounts of Talcott Parsons and his followers ( who see economic ‘ modernisation ’ as the agent of change ) or in the orthodox Marxist version ( which sees change as an effect of capitalism ) .
this model has influenced most [later] studies , whether in the functionalist accounts of talcott parsons and his followers ( who see economic ‘ modernisation ’ as the agent of change ) or in the orthodox marxist version ( which sees change as an effect of capitalism ) .

One used by the infamous Chrimes brothers , who were involved in a notorious scandal and subsequent trial in the late 1890s gives the flavour .
one used by the infamous chrimes brothers , who were involved in a notorious scandal and [later] trial in the late 1890s gives the flavour .

This particularly infuriated Dermot , the pack leader , and sometimes he would knock Patsy about so badly that finally his father told him off , not for hitting the little boy , but because Patsy 's subsequent sobs kept Patrick Milligan senior from his sleep .
this particularly infuriated dermot , the pack leader , and sometimes he would knock patsy about so badly that finally his father told him off , not for hitting the little boy , but because patsy 's [later] sobs kept patrick milligan senior from his sleep .

On subsequent visits , as she had grown bolder , Ellie had started trying some of her mother 's clothes on , first over her own dress , and then over just her underclothes .
on [later] visits , as she had grown bolder , ellie had started trying some of her mother 's clothes on , first over her own dress , and then over just her underclothes .

Chimpanzees have been reared in darkness for varying periods after birth in order to test their subsequent perceptual capacity .
chimpanzees have been reared in darkness for varying periods after birth in order to test their [later] perceptual capacity .

Much of this work does show a definite effect : though there are still many questions about the precise links between early events and subsequent outcomes in various species , belief in the compelling nature of early experience is powerfully reinforced by this body of findings .
much of this work does show a definite effect : though there are still many questions about the precise links between early events and [later] outcomes in various species , belief in the compelling nature of early experience is powerfully reinforced by this body of findings .

Does the first relationship established by the child serve as a prototype for all subsequent relationships ?
does the first relationship established by the child serve as a prototype for all [later] relationships ?

It may be argued that the effects of physical-care experiences , though obscured later on by subsequent events , do at least have an impact at the time , and that much of the variation in infant behaviour can be accounted for by differences in training practices .
it may be argued that the effects of physical-care experiences , though obscured later on by [later] events , do at least have an impact at the time , and that much of the variation in infant behaviour can be accounted for by differences in training practices .

The notion that parents can exert a particularly profound influence during the first few years — an influence that will remain throughout life and can not be eradicated by subsequent experience-is certainly widespread .
the notion that parents can exert a particularly profound influence during the first few years — an influence that will remain throughout life and can not be eradicated by [later] experience-is certainly widespread .

According to early ethological studies , it seemed that the young of certain birds like ducks and chickens would follow the first moving object they met and form a lasting attachment to it ; also that this attachment could take place only within a sharply limited period early on in development , and that it would affect all subsequent relationships .
according to early ethological studies , it seemed that the young of certain birds like ducks and chickens would follow the first moving object they met and form a lasting attachment to it ; also that this attachment could take place only within a sharply limited period early on in development , and that it would affect all [later] relationships .

To attribute any subsequent pathology in the child to that single event would be misleading , for it is but one link in a chain of traumata , any one of which — or , more likely , the sum total of all — may be responsible for the child 's condition .
to attribute any [later] pathology in the child to that single event would be misleading , for it is but one link in a chain of traumata , any one of which — or , more likely , the sum total of all — may be responsible for the child 's condition .

The above two examples give body to the suggestion by Alan Clarke that early learning , in itself , is of no more consequence than learning at any other stage of development , and that it will bring about long-term effects only if it is repeatedly reinforced throughout subsequent childhood .
the above two examples give body to the suggestion by alan clarke that early learning , in itself , is of no more consequence than learning at any other stage of development , and that it will bring about long-term effects only if it is repeatedly reinforced throughout [later] childhood .

Adoption can be seen as the logical answer to infertility , but as Brebner et al ( 1985 ) point out , if medical investigations/treatment for infertility fail and are performed without adequate psychological support , the subsequent depression and disappointment can cause couples to jump at adoption without recognising those aspects of parenthood which are peculiar to adoptive parenthood , which include : having to be assessed and monitored ; absence of pregnancy and birth ; becoming attached to a child born to someone else ; having to tell the child he or she is adopted .
adoption can be seen as the logical answer to infertility , but as brebner et al ( 1985 ) point out , if medical investigations/treatment for infertility fail and are performed without adequate psychological support , the [later] depression and disappointment can cause couples to jump at adoption without recognising those aspects of parenthood which are peculiar to adoptive parenthood , which include : having to be assessed and monitored ; absence of pregnancy and birth ; becoming attached to a child born to someone else ; having to tell the child he or she is adopted .

If adopted before 1975 , adoptees have to receive counselling about the implications of a trace , since birth parents placed the child for adoption with no expectation of subsequent contact .
if adopted before 1975 , adoptees have to receive counselling about the implications of a trace , since birth parents placed the child for adoption with no expectation of [later] contact .

Birth parents may relinquish their child for adoption at the time of birth or at a subsequent date , possibly having cared for the child over a period of months or years .
birth parents may relinquish their child for adoption at the time of birth or at a [later] date , possibly having cared for the child over a period of months or years .

It is vital that a primary nursing system is given organisational recognition to enable those nurses to fulfil their interpersonal and subsequent information and decision-making roles , by providing them with the ‘ formal authority and status ’ to do so .
it is vital that a primary nursing system is given organisational recognition to enable those nurses to fulfil their interpersonal and [later] information and decision-making roles , by providing them with the ‘ formal authority and status ’ to do so .

There had been sporadic contact even before the 1850s treaties , and subsequent relations had been on the same unequal basis as those with the other powers .
there had been sporadic contact even before the 1850s treaties , and [later] relations had been on the same unequal basis as those with the other powers .

From China , Japan obtained her first writing system , and hence much of her subsequent linguistic development .
from china , japan obtained her first writing system , and hence much of her [later] linguistic development .

The mixture of agrarianist views put forward in subsequent years have tended to be lumped together under the heading of nó0honshugi , the concept of agriculture as the socio-economic base of society .
the mixture of agrarianist views put forward in [later] years have tended to be lumped together under the heading of nó0honshugi , the concept of agriculture as the socio-economic base of society .

Their regulation can be traced back to the thirteenth century and subsequent legislation such as that of 1697 — ‘ An act to restrain the number and ill practice of brokers and stock brokers ’ .
their regulation can be traced back to the thirteenth century and [later] legislation such as that of 1697 — ‘ an act to restrain the number and ill practice of brokers and stock brokers ’ .

If in subsequent years we renew this overdraft , the fee will be reduced to ½ % .
if in [later] years we renew this overdraft , the fee will be reduced to ½ % .

If you lay on the ground whining it incensed them and the subsequent kicks and punches were harder and aimed at the mouth and head rather than the stomach and back .
if you lay on the ground whining it incensed them and the [later] kicks and punches were harder and aimed at the mouth and head rather than the stomach and back .

His attack on a prominent Jesuit and his expansion of natural magic to embrace the allegedly miraculous powers of sacred relics led to denunciation by the Louvain medical faculty in 1623 and a subsequent appearance before the Spanish Inquisition .
his attack on a prominent jesuit and his expansion of natural magic to embrace the allegedly miraculous powers of sacred relics led to denunciation by the louvain medical faculty in 1623 and a [later] appearance before the spanish inquisition .

In addition to functions directly connected with the process of bringing alleged offenders to justice and supervising their subsequent punishment or treatment , the Home Secretary has responsibility for the operation of the Criminal Injuries Compensation Scheme and other provisions for the victims of crime , and for stimulating crime prevention measures .
in addition to functions directly connected with the process of bringing alleged offenders to justice and supervising their [later] punishment or treatment , the home secretary has responsibility for the operation of the criminal injuries compensation scheme and other provisions for the victims of crime , and for stimulating crime prevention measures .

If an application is declared admissible , and a friendly settlement can not be achieved , the subsequent decisions of the Court are binding on the United Kingdom .
if an application is declared admissible , and a friendly settlement can not be achieved , the [later] decisions of the court are binding on the united kingdom .

… The fundamental principle … of our law is that the Jury has only the function of determining the question of guilt or innocence , and is relieved of any responsibility for the subsequent penalty .
… the fundamental principle … of our law is that the jury has only the function of determining the question of guilt or innocence , and is relieved of any responsibility for the [later] penalty .

Following in the footsteps of an earlier Departmental Committee , the Advisory Council painstakingly analysed the subsequent criminal careers of men who had been flogged , comparing them with those who had been subjected to other forms of penalty .
following in the footsteps of an earlier departmental committee , the advisory council painstakingly analysed the [later] criminal careers of men who had been flogged , comparing them with those who had been subjected to other forms of penalty .

The main challenge came on the floor of the Commons at Report Stage when a new clause , giving the courts power to pass sentences of corporal punishment on young male offenders convicted of crimes of violence on second or subsequent conviction , was rejected by 259 votes to sixty-seven .
the main challenge came on the floor of the commons at report stage when a new clause , giving the courts power to pass sentences of corporal punishment on young male offenders convicted of crimes of violence on second or [later] conviction , was rejected by 259 votes to sixty-seven .

Administrative delays and mounting cost were the principal features which marred the subsequent development of what was to become one of the most extensive , and expensive , of all instruments of criminal justice .
administrative delays and mounting cost were the principal features which marred the [later] development of what was to become one of the most extensive , and expensive , of all instruments of criminal justice .

Inflation called for an uplift in many maximum fines , with a power being conferred upon the Home Secretary to adjust financial limits in the future by order , having first obtained the approval of both Houses of Parliament , so as to keep them in step with subsequent changes in the value of money .
inflation called for an uplift in many maximum fines , with a power being conferred upon the home secretary to adjust financial limits in the future by order , having first obtained the approval of both houses of parliament , so as to keep them in step with [later] changes in the value of money .

The emphasis throughout the chapter is on developments at the world level to provide the backdrop for the more detailed discussions about individual firms and individual states in subsequent chapters .
the emphasis throughout the chapter is on developments at the world level to provide the backdrop for the more detailed discussions about individual firms and individual states in [later] chapters .

Though they missed the opportunity for a rapid spurt in growth in the 1970s , they were spared the social and political strains of vulnerability to the subsequent cut-off in bank credit .
though they missed the opportunity for a rapid spurt in growth in the 1970s , they were spared the social and political strains of vulnerability to the [later] cut-off in bank credit .

They tended to locate component supplies in lower-income countries to create two-way trade with Japan ; they did not replace the trade in finished products ( Kojima , 1978 ) .6 The Japanese moves can not be explained in the defensive product-cycle terms ; they were offensive in the sense that they were designed to establish positions that permitted new world-scale advantages to be created by subsequent expansion .
they tended to locate component supplies in lower-income countries to create two-way trade with japan ; they did not replace the trade in finished products ( kojima , 1978 ) .6 the japanese moves can not be explained in the defensive product-cycle terms ; they were offensive in the sense that they were designed to establish positions that permitted new world-scale advantages to be created by [later] expansion .

He , and others , appear to have avoided mentioning the landau , possibly through ignorance of its identity , or perhaps because its subsequent delivery to Blücher inhibited reference to it .
he , and others , appear to have avoided mentioning the landau , possibly through ignorance of its identity , or perhaps because its [later] delivery to blücher inhibited reference to it .

The subsequent exhibition of the dormeuse at the London Museum was an instant success .
the [later] exhibition of the dormeuse at the london museum was an instant success .

The controversy surrounding the film was doubtless a contributory factor to Hollywood 's subsequent avoidance of the subject .
the controversy surrounding the film was doubtless a contributory factor to hollywood 's [later] avoidance of the subject .

But when we have got such a satisfactory outcome , unless subsequent events show that we have got it wrong , or that we have wrongly read the environment or some other major change , we would aim to stick with it for some years .
but when we have got such a satisfactory outcome , unless [later] events show that we have got it wrong , or that we have wrongly read the environment or some other major change , we would aim to stick with it for some years .

This represents the number of subsequent entries to be proofed .
this represents the number of [later] entries to be proofed .

This represents the number of entries subsequent the specified print sequence number which are also to be proofed .
this represents the number of entries [later] the specified print sequence number which are also to be proofed .

This represents the number of subsequent entries to be cross-referenced .
this represents the number of [later] entries to be cross-referenced .

This represents the number of entries subsequent the specified print sequence number which are also to be cross-referenced .
this represents the number of entries [later] the specified print sequence number which are also to be cross-referenced .

Many parents would presumably place high priority on avoiding this risk because of its implications , even though the Dublin trial ( which by its size and quality dominates overviews of trials of intrapartum monitoring ) showed the subsequent prevalence of cerebral palsy among survivors to be no lower in the monitored group .
many parents would presumably place high priority on avoiding this risk because of its implications , even though the dublin trial ( which by its size and quality dominates overviews of trials of intrapartum monitoring ) showed the [later] prevalence of cerebral palsy among survivors to be no lower in the monitored group .

Although this commonsense approach is probably used in most mother and baby units , including those that now admit mothers with chronic illness for preliminary assessment and subsequent training in mothering skills , the practice is open to criticism .
although this commonsense approach is probably used in most mother and baby units , including those that now admit mothers with chronic illness for preliminary assessment and [later] training in mothering skills , the practice is open to criticism .

Before the advent of molecular genetics , screening of newborns in the United Kingdom was generally regarded as ethically unsound because no treatment was available ; it offered little advantage to the family other than the possibility of terminating all subsequent male fetuses , more than half of whom would be normal .
before the advent of molecular genetics , screening of newborns in the united kingdom was generally regarded as ethically unsound because no treatment was available ; it offered little advantage to the family other than the possibility of terminating all [later] male fetuses , more than half of whom would be normal .

In addition , diagnostic delay causes considerable distress to families and may result in subsequent bitterness if the child 's symptoms are not taken seriously by family or health professionals or if a second affected boy is born .
in addition , diagnostic delay causes considerable distress to families and may result in [later] bitterness if the child 's symptoms are not taken seriously by family or health professionals or if a second affected boy is born .

There were additional factors with this family which compounded their inevitable distress , not least the subsequent diagnosis of Duchenne muscular dystrophy in an elder son , in whom signs of clinical abnormality had been recognised before the birth of his younger brother .
there were additional factors with this family which compounded their inevitable distress , not least the [later] diagnosis of duchenne muscular dystrophy in an elder son , in whom signs of clinical abnormality had been recognised before the birth of his younger brother .

Earlier studies have reported that perceived health status predicts subsequent mortality .
earlier studies have reported that perceived health status predicts [later] mortality .

None of these alternative treatments rule out subsequent treatment of residual port wine stain with a pulsed dye laser , and using several different lasers in combination often gives the best results .
none of these alternative treatments rule out [later] treatment of residual port wine stain with a pulsed dye laser , and using several different lasers in combination often gives the best results .

For example , business schools have not been able to show that the Graduate Admission Test ( verbal and mathematical abilities ) correlates with subsequent performance as a manager .
for example , business schools have not been able to show that the graduate admission test ( verbal and mathematical abilities ) correlates with [later] performance as a manager .

Perceptions and attitudes affect subsequent behaviour .
perceptions and attitudes affect [later] behaviour .

The more naive our expectations , the greater the subsequent chance of our leaving ; therefore employers have a vested interest in telling the truth , or at least not telling untruths , in job interviews , particularly about the less attractive aspects of the organization .
the more naive our expectations , the greater the [later] chance of our leaving ; therefore employers have a vested interest in telling the truth , or at least not telling untruths , in job interviews , particularly about the less attractive aspects of the organization .

Each behavioural process within a group is the cause of subsequent outcomes , including productivity .
each behavioural process within a group is the cause of [later] outcomes , including productivity .

Our results suggest that endometriosis is less of a problem during pregnancy and the subsequent four years than it is at other times , although the finding was not significant .
our results suggest that endometriosis is less of a problem during pregnancy and the [later] four years than it is at other times , although the finding was not significant .

Subsequent analysis of the responses to the questionnaire showed no significant difference between teaching hospital and non-teaching hospital consultants , nor was there any discernible difference in responses with the respondent 's age .
[later] analysis of the responses to the questionnaire showed no significant difference between teaching hospital and non-teaching hospital consultants , nor was there any discernible difference in responses with the respondent 's age .

It saw two crucial and intimately connected social changes gather irresistible momentum : the creation of a new stratum of service landholders — the pomeshchiki and the subsequent enserfment not only of those peasants already suffering de facto bondage , but of the entire Russian peasantry .
it saw two crucial and intimately connected social changes gather irresistible momentum : the creation of a new stratum of service landholders — the pomeshchiki and the [later] enserfment not only of those peasants already suffering de facto bondage , but of the entire russian peasantry .

He created the Holy Alliance of Christian monarchs dedicated to peace and upholding the existing order , and in subsequent years urged Great Power intervention against national revolutions in Spain , piedmont , Naples and , with less conviction , Orthodox Greece .
he created the holy alliance of christian monarchs dedicated to peace and upholding the existing order , and in [later] years urged great power intervention against national revolutions in spain , piedmont , naples and , with less conviction , orthodox greece .

It was successfully repressed , and integration of the Cossacks into the regular army deprived subsequent risings of similar leadership .
it was successfully repressed , and integration of the cossacks into the regular army deprived [later] risings of similar leadership .

Although as yet their role was peripheral , from the point of view of Russia 's subsequent history the new ideology and forms of organization which they adopted in this period merit close attention .
although as yet their role was peripheral , from the point of view of russia 's [later] history the new ideology and forms of organization which they adopted in this period merit close attention .

There were serious differences within their ranks , a fact which provided a serious handicap in subsequent years , but they all found Lenin 's concept of the Party unacceptable .
there were serious differences within their ranks , a fact which provided a serious handicap in [later] years , but they all found lenin 's concept of the party unacceptable .

The underlying prominence was found to have disappeared , but subsequent observations on 25 and 26 January showed the newly formed X-ray feature rising at about 1 km .
the underlying prominence was found to have disappeared , but [later] observations on 25 and 26 january showed the newly formed x-ray feature rising at about 1 km .

The re-formation , X-ray brightness and subsequent evolution of the new helmet streamer show that the corona is being heated by reconnection of the disrupted magnetic field .
the re-formation , x-ray brightness and [later] evolution of the new helmet streamer show that the corona is being heated by reconnection of the disrupted magnetic field .

The initial height of each mussel and the height in subsequent years were measured exactly perpendicular to the shell hinge at the umbo using a digital caliper ( ±0.01 mm ) .
the initial height of each mussel and the height in [later] years were measured exactly perpendicular to the shell hinge at the umbo using a digital caliper ( ±0.01 mm ) .

This criticism does not extend to analyses of subsequent periods .
this criticism does not extend to analyses of [later] periods .

Need has been variously defined , but in this study needs were deemed to be unmet if interventions were acceptable to the client and the following applied : ( a ) for activities of daily living a person was dependent on help from the carer and this dependence could be reversed by provision of an aid ; ( b ) for communication disorders there had not been an assessment by a speech therapist ; ( c ) for services ( day care , respite care ) a referral had not been made to the appropriate agency and subsequent referral proved successful ; and ( d ) for benefits the client or carer was unaware of eligibility for benefits , an application had not been made , and subsequent application was successful .
need has been variously defined , but in this study needs were deemed to be unmet if interventions were acceptable to the client and the following applied : ( a ) for activities of daily living a person was dependent on help from the carer and this dependence could be reversed by provision of an aid ; ( b ) for communication disorders there had not been an assessment by a speech therapist ; ( c ) for services ( day care , respite care ) a referral had not been made to the appropriate agency and [later] referral proved successful ; and ( d ) for benefits the client or carer was unaware of eligibility for benefits , an application had not been made , and [later] application was successful .

Further , there are underlying themes that are relevant to the subsequent discussion of possible models for general practitioners ' involvement in purchasing .
further , there are underlying themes that are relevant to the [later] discussion of possible models for general practitioners ' involvement in purchasing .

So , at least , is the story presented by Bernard of Angers in the Miracles of St Foy ( it is clear , however , from the subsequent narrative that , whatever the short-term effects of the thunderbolt , Garsinde 's claims were pursued again later by her husband . )
so , at least , is the story presented by bernard of angers in the miracles of st foy ( it is clear , however , from the [later] narrative that , whatever the short-term effects of the thunderbolt , garsinde 's claims were pursued again later by her husband . )

The marriage between Robert the Pious 's daughter and the count of Nevers brought obvious political gain to the king because it strengthened the royal hold upon Burgundy ; the count on the other hand gained only temporary advantage , and subsequent generations in Nevers made little of their royal connection .
the marriage between robert the pious 's daughter and the count of nevers brought obvious political gain to the king because it strengthened the royal hold upon burgundy ; the count on the other hand gained only temporary advantage , and [later] generations in nevers made little of their royal connection .

Subsequent transactions against the Working-Set are logged .
[later] transactions against the working-set are logged .

We therefore modify each transput instruction so that it merely initiates an operation ( such as to print a digit on the electric typewriter ) , and allow the control unit immediately to continue with the next and subsequent instructions while the transput operation is being carried out .
we therefore modify each transput instruction so that it merely initiates an operation ( such as to print a digit on the electric typewriter ) , and allow the control unit immediately to continue with the next and [later] instructions while the transput operation is being carried out .

In a subsequent longitudinal study which observed the development of 7 year old children , Stanovich , West and Feeman ( 1981 ) found that the effects of context diminished as reading experience increased .
in a [later] longitudinal study which observed the development of 7 year old children , stanovich , west and feeman ( 1981 ) found that the effects of context diminished as reading experience increased .

The first part is organised on a non-time-related basis , the second part is basically time-related in that the principle for determining the content of any subsequent sentence is `` what does the nervous impulse do next ? ``
the first part is organised on a non-time-related basis , the second part is basically time-related in that the principle for determining the content of any [later] sentence is `` what does the nervous impulse do next ? ``

In common also with the simple narrative is the use of pronominalisation for mentions , subsequent to the initial one , of the main agent of the action — here the nervous impulse which is replaced by it .
in common also with the simple narrative is the use of pronominalisation for mentions , [later] to the initial one , of the main agent of the action — here the nervous impulse which is replaced by it .

The term modern algebra can then be used to describe that subsequent algebra , some of it arising from more detailed investigations within the classical theory , in which the symbols manipulated are no longer restricted to representing numerical quantities .
the term modern algebra can then be used to describe that [later] algebra , some of it arising from more detailed investigations within the classical theory , in which the symbols manipulated are no longer restricted to representing numerical quantities .

After his death his wife Mary wrote that the idea of symbolising logic had occurred to him at the age of 17 ( Leibniz had had similar but less developed ideas as early as 1666 ) , but several subsequent writers ( see [ 96 , p. 235 ] ) have indicated that Boole 's work on the calculus of operations in the early 1840s must have at least influenced his approach if not actually initiated it .
after his death his wife mary wrote that the idea of symbolising logic had occurred to him at the age of 17 ( leibniz had had similar but less developed ideas as early as 1666 ) , but several [later] writers ( see [ 96 , p. 235 ] ) have indicated that boole 's work on the calculus of operations in the early 1840s must have at least influenced his approach if not actually initiated it .

This approach she adopted in all her subsequent work thereby introducing a revolutionary style of attack on problems of algebra .
this approach she adopted in all her [later] work thereby introducing a revolutionary style of attack on problems of algebra .

Amongst the major achievements of the century in group theory one must mention the modular representation theory of groups by matrices over finite fields as pioneered by Richard Brauer and the subsequent use of this theory in investigations into finite simple groups ( Section 6.6 ) .
amongst the major achievements of the century in group theory one must mention the modular representation theory of groups by matrices over finite fields as pioneered by richard brauer and the [later] use of this theory in investigations into finite simple groups ( section 6.6 ) .

They are placed here mainly for your enjoyment and for subsequent discussion with friends and teachers .
they are placed here mainly for your enjoyment and for [later] discussion with friends and teachers .

The issue is the people 's right to choose their representatives and to hold them accountable ; and , in this English context , Parliament has already become the focus of the struggle for democracy , as it was to remain in subsequent centuries .
the issue is the people 's right to choose their representatives and to hold them accountable ; and , in this english context , parliament has already become the focus of the struggle for democracy , as it was to remain in [later] centuries .

The subsequent reconciliation of the bourgeoisie to `` the coming of democracy `` owed much to the fact that these fears ( or hopes ) were not realized , or realized at best only in part .
the [later] reconciliation of the bourgeoisie to `` the coming of democracy `` owed much to the fact that these fears ( or hopes ) were not realized , or realized at best only in part .

Though the association between tracheae and lacunae — and therefore between tracheae and subsequent venation — is not always exact , the pattern of wing-pad tracheation is often of great value in deciding the homologies of the veins .
though the association between tracheae and lacunae — and therefore between tracheae and [later] venation — is not always exact , the pattern of wing-pad tracheation is often of great value in deciding the homologies of the veins .

Most Orthopteroid insects , Mecoptera , Trichoptera and Hymenoptera show only a little more concentration than this , but the metathoracic ganglion commonly fuses with the first 1–3 abdominal ones and the 7th and subsequent abdominal ganglia form a compound centre .
most orthopteroid insects , mecoptera , trichoptera and hymenoptera show only a little more concentration than this , but the metathoracic ganglion commonly fuses with the first 1–3 abdominal ones and the 7th and [later] abdominal ganglia form a compound centre .

The data in this chapter are drawn upon in subsequent chapters where issues related to graduated tests are discussed .
the data in this chapter are drawn upon in [later] chapters where issues related to graduated tests are discussed .

Having struggled over preparation , he managed to give a light-hearted and amusing touch which caught the attention of his audience , so that the message was accepted and gave food for subsequent thought .
having struggled over preparation , he managed to give a light-hearted and amusing touch which caught the attention of his audience , so that the message was accepted and gave food for [later] thought .

It is certainly possible for Parliament to give limited powers of government to local authorities and to local and national assemblies but the doctrine of parliamentary sovereignty means that a subsequent Parliament can repeal the relevant legislation and take back the power .
it is certainly possible for parliament to give limited powers of government to local authorities and to local and national assemblies but the doctrine of parliamentary sovereignty means that a [later] parliament can repeal the relevant legislation and take back the power .

( c ) Parliament could not bind its successors as to the content , manner and form of subsequent legislation .
( c ) parliament could not bind its successors as to the content , manner and form of [later] legislation .

The traditional view is that Parliament has no power to bind its successors either as to the manner or as to the form of subsequent legislation .
the traditional view is that parliament has no power to bind its successors either as to the manner or as to the form of [later] legislation .

Subsequent reviews should take place every nine hours thereafter .
[later] reviews should take place every nine hours thereafter .

He felt that Lord Atkin had been attempting to explain what was meant by a judicial decision but unfortunately his words had encouraged subsequent courts to concentrate on the form rather than the essence of the decision .
he felt that lord atkin had been attempting to explain what was meant by a judicial decision but unfortunately his words had encouraged [later] courts to concentrate on the form rather than the essence of the decision .

It was left to subsequent decisions to extend the application of the rules still further to those decisions which did not affect a person 's legal rights but regulated the grant of a privilege , etc .
it was left to [later] decisions to extend the application of the rules still further to those decisions which did not affect a person 's legal rights but regulated the grant of a privilege , etc .

Although the hammock episode is explicable in terms of his experience , the subsequent transition to drifting above the ground can not reasonably be related to his usual fate when falling out of the hammock ; these dreams , which are not uncommon , seem uniquely detached from any experience in real life .
although the hammock episode is explicable in terms of his experience , the [later] transition to drifting above the ground can not reasonably be related to his usual fate when falling out of the hammock ; these dreams , which are not uncommon , seem uniquely detached from any experience in real life .

McCarley and Hobson , in an analysis of Freud 's psychological theory , have pointed out how deeply was his psychology informed by these neurological assumptions , which subsequent science has frequently shown to be wrong .
mccarley and hobson , in an analysis of freud 's psychological theory , have pointed out how deeply was his psychology informed by these neurological assumptions , which [later] science has frequently shown to be wrong .

It is a commonplace observation that if we lose a night 's sleep we tend to sleep a bit longer on subsequent nights , as if to make up a `` sleep debt `` .
it is a commonplace observation that if we lose a night 's sleep we tend to sleep a bit longer on [later] nights , as if to make up a `` sleep debt `` .

They will be discussed again in Chapter 10 in relation to hypothesized functions of sleep , but the effects on subsequent recovery sleep , and the consequences for performance tasks will be outlined here .
they will be discussed again in chapter 10 in relation to hypothesized functions of sleep , but the effects on [later] recovery sleep , and the consequences for performance tasks will be outlined here .

Mice are weaned at approximately 3 weeks of age and should be removed from the breeding cage before the birth of the subsequent litter .
mice are weaned at approximately 3 weeks of age and should be removed from the breeding cage before the birth of the [later] litter .

To obtain good synchronization of fertilization and hence of subsequent development , the hormone injection schedule should ensure that mating occurs prior to ovulation ( i.e .
to obtain good synchronization of fertilization and hence of [later] development , the hormone injection schedule should ensure that mating occurs prior to ovulation ( i.e .

Secondly , the procedure can be divorced from the normal day/night cycle , and thereby allow insemination of eggs at a time which permits study of a subsequent developmental stage during normal working hours .
secondly , the procedure can be divorced from the normal day/night cycle , and thereby allow insemination of eggs at a time which permits study of a [later] developmental stage during normal working hours .

The second cell cycle , like the first , is relatively long ( -20 h ) whereas the third and subsequent cycles adopt the more conventional somatic cell cycle length of 12 h .
the second cell cycle , like the first , is relatively long ( -20 h ) whereas the third and [later] cycles adopt the more conventional somatic cell cycle length of 12 h .

Fertilization in vitro will improve the synchrony of cleavage to the 2-cell stage , however intrinsic heterogeneity in cleavage times will probably necessitate resynchronization to each subsequent cell division .
fertilization in vitro will improve the synchrony of cleavage to the 2-cell stage , however intrinsic heterogeneity in cleavage times will probably necessitate resynchronization to each [later] cell division .

First removing the zona may affect surface , and possibly cytoskeletal , components ( 24 ) , so the necessity of a subsequent `` recovery period in vitro should always be considered .
first removing the zona may affect surface , and possibly cytoskeletal , components ( 24 ) , so the necessity of a [later] `` recovery period in vitro should always be considered .

Staining also enables the recovery of inside and outside cells for subsequent developmental analysis ( Sections 3.2 , 3.3 , 3.4 ) .
staining also enables the recovery of inside and outside cells for [later] developmental analysis ( sections 3.2 , 3.3 , 3.4 ) .

Studies of pronuclear division in fertilized eggs are useful for assessing the primary level of chromosome abnormalities , some of which may act as zygotic lethals or become disguised in subsequent cleavages .
studies of pronuclear division in fertilized eggs are useful for assessing the primary level of chromosome abnormalities , some of which may act as zygotic lethals or become disguised in [later] cleavages .

It was part of the research design that data collection and data analysis should go hand in hand through a process of what has been called `` retroduction `` ( Ford , 1975 ; Best et al 1979 ) in which data analysis progressively focuses subsequent fieldwork .
it was part of the research design that data collection and data analysis should go hand in hand through a process of what has been called `` retroduction `` ( ford , 1975 ; best et al 1979 ) in which data analysis progressively focuses [later] fieldwork .

These were then discussed at regular meetings in which subsequent data collection would be planned .
these were then discussed at regular meetings in which [later] data collection would be planned .

Stage 3 represents subsequent developments resulting from the project grant and includes inservice and staff-development activities , the publicising and promotion of good practice coming out of the project , and any other spin-off effects .
stage 3 represents [later] developments resulting from the project grant and includes inservice and staff-development activities , the publicising and promotion of good practice coming out of the project , and any other spin-off effects .

( j ) to plan and seek support for subsequent years of the Project
( j ) to plan and seek support for [later] years of the project

Even before this teacher took up his post , the study skills working party was focusing its attention on the potential of the package he brought with him , and the subsequent development of study skills in the school incorporated much of his scheme .
even before this teacher took up his post , the study skills working party was focusing its attention on the potential of the package he brought with him , and the [later] development of study skills in the school incorporated much of his scheme .

Significantly , however , with the departure of the coordinator , and the subsequent formalisation of the committee as a board of studies under the head of the lower school , the librarian was left out and had to revert to resourcing and managing the library through individual negotiation .
significantly , however , with the departure of the coordinator , and the [later] formalisation of the committee as a board of studies under the head of the lower school , the librarian was left out and had to revert to resourcing and managing the library through individual negotiation .

There may well be long-term effects which will be felt in any subsequent attempt to float such a project .
there may well be long-term effects which will be felt in any [later] attempt to float such a project .

It is to be hoped that as a result of the guidance in the subsequent paragraphs most will be confined to the first two categories .
it is to be hoped that as a result of the guidance in the [later] paragraphs most will be confined to the first two categories .

It must be stressed that an exercise , such as the one mentioned is fundamental to the effective use of nursing manpower for it provides the foundation for subsequent decisions which may be less effective if handicapped from the outset .
it must be stressed that an exercise , such as the one mentioned is fundamental to the effective use of nursing manpower for it provides the foundation for [later] decisions which may be less effective if handicapped from the outset .

This information should be widely publicised to raise awareness among nurse managers and others of the current position and as preparation fur the inevitable adjustments which will follow in subsequent operational plans .
this information should be widely publicised to raise awareness among nurse managers and others of the current position and as preparation fur the inevitable adjustments which will follow in [later] operational plans .

Much has been written about Kaplan 's magnificent obsession with that work , and with the projects born of this love : his purchase of the manuscript , his subsequent publication in 1986 of a facsimile score with comprehensive documentation that stands as a touchstone in the field of book production .
much has been written about kaplan 's magnificent obsession with that work , and with the projects born of this love : his purchase of the manuscript , his [later] publication in 1986 of a facsimile score with comprehensive documentation that stands as a touchstone in the field of book production .

John Bums , President of the Local Government Board , when introducing the first legislation with ‘ town planning ’ in its title in 1909 declared : These objectives may seem happily optimistic when contrasted with subsequent achievements , but they serve to remind us of the tension that always exists in town planning between the engineers and the sociologists ( Goldsmith 1980 : Ch .
john bums , president of the local government board , when introducing the first legislation with ‘ town planning ’ in its title in 1909 declared : these objectives may seem happily optimistic when contrasted with [later] achievements , but they serve to remind us of the tension that always exists in town planning between the engineers and the sociologists ( goldsmith 1980 : ch .

The basis for the allocation of services both in the various reports and in the subsequent legislation was the size of population accepted as necessary for effective administration .
the basis for the allocation of services both in the various reports and in the [later] legislation was the size of population accepted as necessary for effective administration .

Appointment and subsequent promotion depend upon the possession or acquisition of appropriate qualifications ( see Ch.9 ) .
appointment and [later] promotion depend upon the possession or acquisition of appropriate qualifications ( see ch.9 ) .

The complex relationship between the professional provision of services and the determination of public policy was one of the major preoccupations of the Widdicombe Report and the subsequent legislation .
the complex relationship between the professional provision of services and the determination of public policy was one of the major preoccupations of the widdicombe report and the [later] legislation .

The subsequent legislation accepted the spirit if not the detail of these recommendations .
the [later] legislation accepted the spirit if not the detail of these recommendations .

The government accepted some of the arguments of the Widdicombe Committee , but subsequent legislation scarcely led to a simplification of the system .
the government accepted some of the arguments of the widdicombe committee , but [later] legislation scarcely led to a simplification of the system .

; indecision and apathy are confronted in ‘ Not Superstitious ’ ; ‘ Dead Industrial Atmosphere ’ details the decline of the North-East as an economic force and the subsequent social fall-out and , of course , we get a few long songs thrown in to spice things up , or down , as is more often than not the case .
; indecision and apathy are confronted in ‘ not superstitious ’ ; ‘ dead industrial atmosphere ’ details the decline of the north-east as an economic force and the [later] social fall-out and , of course , we get a few long songs thrown in to spice things up , or down , as is more often than not the case .

’ This early emphasis on the ‘ scientific ’ analysis of social life was to have ( and still has ) considerable implications for the subsequent development of the discipline , as we shall see in Chapters 12 and 13 .
’ this early emphasis on the ‘ scientific ’ analysis of social life was to have ( and still has ) considerable implications for the [later] development of the discipline , as we shall see in chapters 12 and 13 .

The addition of subsequent mouths to feed merely compounds the problem , and this remains true despite the accompanying welfare state provisions of family allowance and so on .
the addition of [later] mouths to feed merely compounds the problem , and this remains true despite the accompanying welfare state provisions of family allowance and so on .

Japanese economic policy in Korea was governed by the motive of strengthening the economic and strategic situation of Japan but the basis for the subsequent development in the Korean economy had been laid .
japanese economic policy in korea was governed by the motive of strengthening the economic and strategic situation of japan but the basis for the [later] development in the korean economy had been laid .

In a subsequent discussion on 23 March , MacArthur advocated an early peace conference despite the problems that would arise from Soviet obstruction .
in a [later] discussion on 23 march , macarthur advocated an early peace conference despite the problems that would arise from soviet obstruction .

The former ought to be more prominently displayed , the article says , so that patients are n't confused about whether they have been given a different type of medicine when collecting subsequent prescriptions .
the former ought to be more prominently displayed , the article says , so that patients are n't confused about whether they have been given a different type of medicine when collecting [later] prescriptions .

One reason why some surgeons are reluctant to remove the lymph gland in the armpit is that some women develop subsequent swelling of the arm ( lymphoedema ) .
one reason why some surgeons are reluctant to remove the lymph gland in the armpit is that some women develop [later] swelling of the arm ( lymphoedema ) .

None of the subsequent pandemics , such as that of 1893 , became established in Britain .
none of the [later] pandemics , such as that of 1893 , became established in britain .

Any subsequent slowdown in out-migration may thus lead to natural growth as this group remains in the city to start a family
any [later] slowdown in out-migration may thus lead to natural growth as this group remains in the city to start a family

Over 70 per cent of births still occur within marriage , so the popularity of marriage and its timing remain important in the study of subsequent fertility .
over 70 per cent of births still occur within marriage , so the popularity of marriage and its timing remain important in the study of [later] fertility .

By the time Western economies suffered the severe shock of the quadrupling of oil prices in 1973 , and subsequent further increases in 1979 , the baby boom was already long over , although marriage continued to become more popular until 1972 .
by the time western economies suffered the severe shock of the quadrupling of oil prices in 1973 , and [later] further increases in 1979 , the baby boom was already long over , although marriage continued to become more popular until 1972 .

Second , that fertility of these cohorts depends on the extent to which they can match these aspirations in their subsequent adult life , any shortfall in ‘ relative income ’ being met with responses to limit fertility through deferred marriage or smaller family size .
second , that fertility of these cohorts depends on the extent to which they can match these aspirations in their [later] adult life , any shortfall in ‘ relative income ’ being met with responses to limit fertility through deferred marriage or smaller family size .

Employed married women tend to delay their first and second child , compress their childbearing into their late 20s and the second five years of their married life , and avoid third and subsequent births ( compared to housewives ) ( ni Bhrölchain 1986b ) .
employed married women tend to delay their first and second child , compress their childbearing into their late 20s and the second five years of their married life , and avoid third and [later] births ( compared to housewives ) ( ni bhrölchain 1986b ) .

Because what is truly remarkable , given the nostalgic lament which has accompanied the subsequent displacement of this ‘ traditional way of life ’ , is that in their own historical time these emerging cultural institutions were greeted not only as something ‘ new ’ , but as signs of an alarming development among the British people which threatened to destroy the ‘ British way of life ’ .
because what is truly remarkable , given the nostalgic lament which has accompanied the [later] displacement of this ‘ traditional way of life ’ , is that in their own historical time these emerging cultural institutions were greeted not only as something ‘ new ’ , but as signs of an alarming development among the british people which threatened to destroy the ‘ british way of life ’ .

At sixteen Green converted to Catholicism , and his subsequent literary taste for religious questions and his novel about St Francis of Assisi have often led to his being characterised as a ‘ Catholic ’ writer .
at sixteen green converted to catholicism , and his [later] literary taste for religious questions and his novel about st francis of assisi have often led to his being characterised as a ‘ catholic ’ writer .

If she does have a lot to tell , she gave nothing away during the course of the murder and subsequent fraud trials .
if she does have a lot to tell , she gave nothing away during the course of the murder and [later] fraud trials .

Intriguingly , many of the women in second or subsequent marriages were more content with this aspect of their sex life than those in their first .
intriguingly , many of the women in second or [later] marriages were more content with this aspect of their sex life than those in their first .

’ His count , apparently , was sufficiently high but the motility in this , and subsequent samples , was disappointingly low .
’ his count , apparently , was sufficiently high but the motility in this , and [later] samples , was disappointingly low .

And although subsequent reviews found it thoroughly sane and quite uncontroversial , clerics of the Church of England publicly announced that they would be on standby alert to deal with any members of their congregation upset by the programmes .
and although [later] reviews found it thoroughly sane and quite uncontroversial , clerics of the church of england publicly announced that they would be on standby alert to deal with any members of their congregation upset by the programmes .

In order to do justice to the Jesus of history , one must effectively divest oneself of preconceptions — and especially of the preconceptions fostered by subsequent tradition .
in order to do justice to the jesus of history , one must effectively divest oneself of preconceptions — and especially of the preconceptions fostered by [later] tradition .

By virtue of this supposed martyrdom , he does indeed become the rock on which a subsequent church — a Pauline church — is founded .
by virtue of this supposed martyrdom , he does indeed become the rock on which a [later] church — a pauline church — is founded .

And subsequent tradition , a posteriori , will proclaim Simon Peter the first Bishop of Rome and the founder of the papacy .
and [later] tradition , a posteriori , will proclaim simon peter the first bishop of rome and the founder of the papacy .

The theme recurs in subsequent painters , including Poussin .
the theme recurs in [later] painters , including poussin .

During the subsequent centuries , those teachings would surface under a bewildering variety of names .
during the [later] centuries , those teachings would surface under a bewildering variety of names .

In the course of subsequent meetings with him , what Dr Schonfield had to tell us was startling indeed .
in the course of [later] meetings with him , what dr schonfield had to tell us was startling indeed .

And in fact , under the name of ‘ Therapeutae ’ , Philo speaks of a Judiac sect or enclave whose attitudes and practices are identical with those of the Essenes or Zadokites in the Holy Land — identical , in other words , with those of Jesus 's subsequent following .
and in fact , under the name of ‘ therapeutae ’ , philo speaks of a judiac sect or enclave whose attitudes and practices are identical with those of the essenes or zadokites in the holy land — identical , in other words , with those of jesus 's [later] following .

It is probable , therefore , that there will be a similar time lag between first use and requests for treatment from those within subsequent ‘ new waves ’ of users who decide to try and come off .
it is probable , therefore , that there will be a similar time lag between first use and requests for treatment from those within [later] ‘ new waves ’ of users who decide to try and come off .

This proved too ambitious ; the Twenty-Second Session favoured separate texts for civil and for criminal matters , and a subsequent Expert Group , meeting in New Delhi in 1982 , decided that a model bilateral agreement in each of these areas was more appropriate than a draft convention .
this proved too ambitious ; the twenty-second session favoured separate texts for civil and for criminal matters , and a [later] expert group , meeting in new delhi in 1982 , decided that a model bilateral agreement in each of these areas was more appropriate than a draft convention .

10 , and that the subsequent references to ‘ discovery ’ served only to confuse the issues .
10 , and that the [later] references to ‘ discovery ’ served only to confuse the issues .

In most subsequent cases , it became clear that considerations of comity would not prevail against the usual procedures of the Federal Rules so long as deponents or documents were to be produced within the United States , from whatever source .
in most [later] cases , it became clear that considerations of comity would not prevail against the usual procedures of the federal rules so long as deponents or documents were to be produced within the united states , from whatever source .

This , at face value , at least supports the notion that short length of stay may be linked to subsequent readmission to hospital .
this , at face value , at least supports the notion that short length of stay may be linked to [later] readmission to hospital .

During their subsequent separation and his long sojourn in an English prison , where he is saved from the gallows only by a last-minute reprieve , his vision of her becomes intense and idealised .
during their [later] separation and his long sojourn in an english prison , where he is saved from the gallows only by a last-minute reprieve , his vision of her becomes intense and idealised .

The distinctive nature of Ends is further reinforced by the subsequent actions of club officials and police .
the distinctive nature of ends is further reinforced by the [later] actions of club officials and police .

Lucinda Craig Harvey , known to all her friends as Beryl , remembers Diana 's excitement and the irony of the subsequent conversation .
lucinda craig harvey , known to all her friends as beryl , remembers diana 's excitement and the irony of the [later] conversation .

[ Where a person , not appointed as a trustee , ] has received trust property with actual or constructive notice that it is trust property transferred in breach of trust , or because , not being a bona fide purchaser for value without notice , he acquires notice subsequent to such receipt and then deals with the property in a manner inconsistent with the trust , [ he is deemed a constructive trustee . ]
[ where a person , not appointed as a trustee , ] has received trust property with actual or constructive notice that it is trust property transferred in breach of trust , or because , not being a bona fide purchaser for value without notice , he acquires notice [later] to such receipt and then deals with the property in a manner inconsistent with the trust , [ he is deemed a constructive trustee . ]

It is an inexpensive , simple procedure which could be performed as part of the diagnostic histopathological process and could direct or reduce the need for subsequent imaging procedures .
it is an inexpensive , simple procedure which could be performed as part of the diagnostic histopathological process and could direct or reduce the need for [later] imaging procedures .

In men undergoing elective inguinal hernia repair a very detailed account of what might go wrong does not increase patient anxiety significantly and has the advantage of allowing patients a fully informed choice before they consent to surgery , thus reducing the potential for subsequent litigation .
in men undergoing elective inguinal hernia repair a very detailed account of what might go wrong does not increase patient anxiety significantly and has the advantage of allowing patients a fully informed choice before they consent to surgery , thus reducing the potential for [later] litigation .

The relation of reduced growth in early life with subsequent β cell function and insulin sensitivity has not been examined .
the relation of reduced growth in early life with [later] β cell function and insulin sensitivity has not been examined .

This is compatible with the hypothesis that prenatal nutrition affects subsequent pancreatic function .
this is compatible with the hypothesis that prenatal nutrition affects [later] pancreatic function .

Nevertheless , the lack of association between reduced birth weight and the subsequent development of diabetes suggests that defects of β cell function , in addition to that which may be induced by malnutrition in utero , are probably required for the development of non-insulin dependent diabetes .
nevertheless , the lack of association between reduced birth weight and the [later] development of diabetes suggests that defects of β cell function , in addition to that which may be induced by malnutrition in utero , are probably required for the development of non-insulin dependent diabetes .

Subsequent empiricist versions avoid the Cartesian problem of the relation between mind and body by focusing instead on the epistemological processes of subjectivity , but in this way obscure even further the nature of the body attached to these processes .
[later] empiricist versions avoid the cartesian problem of the relation between mind and body by focusing instead on the epistemological processes of subjectivity , but in this way obscure even further the nature of the body attached to these processes .

This difference is particularly visible in the phenomenon of pornography which serves to foreground the issue of the nature of the body , an issue not discussed by Descartes and completely absent from subsequent post-Cartesian philosophy .
this difference is particularly visible in the phenomenon of pornography which serves to foreground the issue of the nature of the body , an issue not discussed by descartes and completely absent from [later] post-cartesian philosophy .

The lengths of cladding are nailed into place once they have been slotted into the ones below . Subsequent boards completely hide the fixing nails
the lengths of cladding are nailed into place once they have been slotted into the ones below . [later] boards completely hide the fixing nails

Many bulbs are disappointing in subsequent years , and you really have to keep replanting each year for a quality display .
many bulbs are disappointing in [later] years , and you really have to keep replanting each year for a quality display .

Cost £30-£35 for an initial consultation ( about 90 minutes ) , £20-£25 for subsequent sessions ( about 40 minutes ) .
cost £30-£35 for an initial consultation ( about 90 minutes ) , £20-£25 for [later] sessions ( about 40 minutes ) .

In the subsequent discussions we intend to concentrate upon employment , prices , and the balance of payments as the most relevant objectives .
in the [later] discussions we intend to concentrate upon employment , prices , and the balance of payments as the most relevant objectives .

These allowances were increased during the war , and by 1918 were worth four shillings for the first child , decreasing to one shilling each for fourth and subsequent children .
these allowances were increased during the war , and by 1918 were worth four shillings for the first child , decreasing to one shilling each for fourth and [later] children .

In his budget speech Neville Chamberlain had justified a £10 increase in the tax allowance for second and subsequent children by saying that he saw a time not too far distant ‘ when countries of the British Empire will be crying out for more citizens of the right breed , and when we in this country shall not be able to supply the demand .
in his budget speech neville chamberlain had justified a £10 increase in the tax allowance for second and [later] children by saying that he saw a time not too far distant ‘ when countries of the british empire will be crying out for more citizens of the right breed , and when we in this country shall not be able to supply the demand .

The subsequent development of state contributory systems of income maintenance , although to some extent building on the systems of mutual support developed by some trade unions and friendly societies , which were informed by a collective ideology and em-bodied the concept of the right to support , has also been constrained by the desire to maintain male work incentives .
the [later] development of state contributory systems of income maintenance , although to some extent building on the systems of mutual support developed by some trade unions and friendly societies , which were informed by a collective ideology and em-bodied the concept of the right to support , has also been constrained by the desire to maintain male work incentives .

Young children can derive sensual pleasure from retention of faeces , and the subsequent letting go can produce pleasurable sensations in the bowel .
young children can derive sensual pleasure from retention of faeces , and the [later] letting go can produce pleasurable sensations in the bowel .

As soon as the sun rises the surface melts into bottomless slush with a startling rapidity , by which time you are probably committed to the route and its subsequent descent .
as soon as the sun rises the surface melts into bottomless slush with a startling rapidity , by which time you are probably committed to the route and its [later] descent .

At some later date , a slight glacial retreat would weaken the dam wall and its subsequent collapse would prove catastrophic .
at some later date , a slight glacial retreat would weaken the dam wall and its [later] collapse would prove catastrophic .

The absence of Arundel and Huntingdon is especially interesting since both were only in their mid-thirties and neither showed any signs of infirmity in their subsequent military careers .
the absence of arundel and huntingdon is especially interesting since both were only in their mid-thirties and neither showed any signs of infirmity in their [later] military careers .

The first instalment of wages was generally paid over by the Exchequer in advance of the campaign , but subsequent instalments were often delayed until after the campaign was over , sometimes long after .
the first instalment of wages was generally paid over by the exchequer in advance of the campaign , but [later] instalments were often delayed until after the campaign was over , sometimes long after .

such materials can be used , like powdered graphite , to provide background tone for subsequent drawings .
such materials can be used , like powdered graphite , to provide background tone for [later] drawings .

it may be advisable to fix such applications before continuing drawing in subsequent layers to prevent disturbance .
it may be advisable to fix such applications before continuing drawing in [later] layers to prevent disturbance .

All subsequent tests after the first will be sent by the student direct to the tutor .
all [later] tests after the first will be sent by the student direct to the tutor .

The Museum of Transport is housed in the Kelvin Hall and subsequent investigation revealed that 3 cars were infested .
the museum of transport is housed in the kelvin hall and [later] investigation revealed that 3 cars were infested .

‘ With scaffolding , there has to be planning lead times , both for erecting and dismantling it , and subsequent restricted access to an area while it is in place . ’
‘ with scaffolding , there has to be planning lead times , both for erecting and dismantling it , and [later] restricted access to an area while it is in place . ’

Two exhaustive and systematic visual searches and a subsequent check by a police ‘ sniffer ’ dog failed to identify any suspicious object or sign of unauthorised activity .
two exhaustive and systematic visual searches and a [later] check by a police ‘ sniffer ’ dog failed to identify any suspicious object or sign of unauthorised activity .

Subsequent meetings in Scotland , Ireland and Portugal will monitor the progress of the project .
[later] meetings in scotland , ireland and portugal will monitor the progress of the project .

Equipment cleaned and made ready for subsequent use
equipment cleaned and made ready for [later] use

There has been no subsequent infestation .
there has been no [later] infestation .

driver of vehicle involved in collison with another vehicle exonerated for responsibility for subsequent events which occur because another driver has driven recklessly and which would not have occurred had that driver been driving merely negligently .
driver of vehicle involved in collison with another vehicle exonerated for responsibility for [later] events which occur because another driver has driven recklessly and which would not have occurred had that driver been driving merely negligently .

judge entitled to take into account the subsequent fitting of handrail indicating path was a candidate for special treatment and to conclude d 's system in conditions prevailing at the time in question was inadequate .
judge entitled to take into account the [later] fitting of handrail indicating path was a candidate for special treatment and to conclude d 's system in conditions prevailing at the time in question was inadequate .

in the absence of acceptance , the subsequent correspondence was written in response to a ‘ wp ’ offer and as such was privileged .
in the absence of acceptance , the [later] correspondence was written in response to a ‘ wp ’ offer and as such was privileged .

Conditions Subsequent to the Policy — These are Conditions which relate to the conduct of the Insured after the policy has come into force .
conditions [later] to the policy — these are conditions which relate to the conduct of the insured after the policy has come into force .

These investigations are crucial , given that they form the basis on which decisions are taken which have the potential of involving your Company in not little expense either with regard to extrajudicial settlement or where repudiations are maintained and subsequent legal expense incurred .
these investigations are crucial , given that they form the basis on which decisions are taken which have the potential of involving your company in not little expense either with regard to extrajudicial settlement or where repudiations are maintained and [later] legal expense incurred .

In the subsequent investigation of a claim , the proper practice is to check each statement in the Summons for its accuracy and for its relevance to the issues .
in the [later] investigation of a claim , the proper practice is to check each statement in the summons for its accuracy and for its relevance to the issues .

The scheme envisages that where the section operates , the Court will award firstly , damages upon the assumption that the deterioration will not develop and , if it should then develop , further damages at some subsequent date .
the scheme envisages that where the section operates , the court will award firstly , damages upon the assumption that the deterioration will not develop and , if it should then develop , further damages at some [later] date .

Subsequent action by the pursuer in the case in question made challenge of that decision unnecessary and we are tolerably confident that it is wrong .
[later] action by the pursuer in the case in question made challenge of that decision unnecessary and we are tolerably confident that it is wrong .

Where the vessel is left unattended moored or anchored off an exposed beach or shore no claim will be payable for breaking adrift from the mooring or anchor and the subsequent damage .
where the vessel is left unattended moored or anchored off an exposed beach or shore no claim will be payable for breaking adrift from the mooring or anchor and the [later] damage .

Working in Bank of Ireland , Glenamaddy since August 1992 , Marian joined at Clifden in January 1974 and subsequent postings have included Stephen Street , Sligo 1976–77 , Boyle 1977–79 , Ballaghaderreen 1979–82 and Castlerea 1982–92 .
working in bank of ireland , glenamaddy since august 1992 , marian joined at clifden in january 1974 and [later] postings have included stephen street , sligo 1976–77 , boyle 1977–79 , ballaghaderreen 1979–82 and castlerea 1982–92 .

Bank Assistants were assured of positive career development but subsequent events have shown that the Bank is not interested in developing Bank Assistants ' careers .
bank assistants were assured of positive career development but [later] events have shown that the bank is not interested in developing bank assistants ' careers .

The apparently irreversible trend in the insurance industry , in common with others in the financial services sector , to move away from high-risk , low-return business and focus on specialised , value-added lines ( stop-loss insurance , financial insurance to smooth the impact of a single year 's sudden loss on the balance sheet with repayment over subsequent years , and so on ) , means that organisations must look on insurance almost as a last resort after exhausting all the possibilities of minimising risk cost-effectively in-house .
the apparently irreversible trend in the insurance industry , in common with others in the financial services sector , to move away from high-risk , low-return business and focus on specialised , value-added lines ( stop-loss insurance , financial insurance to smooth the impact of a single year 's sudden loss on the balance sheet with repayment over [later] years , and so on ) , means that organisations must look on insurance almost as a last resort after exhausting all the possibilities of minimising risk cost-effectively in-house .

This could be followed up by subsequent research , possibly by comparing whether the migrants apply to more courses and institutions than non–enrollers .
this could be followed up by [later] research , possibly by comparing whether the migrants apply to more courses and institutions than non–enrollers .

Some initiatives have already fallen on stony ground , but , as we see in subsequent features , others keep coming .
some initiatives have already fallen on stony ground , but , as we see in [later] features , others keep coming .

Promptness of despatch of subsequent payments of benefit to claimants
promptness of despatch of [later] payments of benefit to claimants

Subsequent to the meeting of the Committee , representatives of the Education Department and Wimpey Homes met to discuss the land requirements for the school site .
[later] to the meeting of the committee , representatives of the education department and wimpey homes met to discuss the land requirements for the school site .

Thank you for your letter of 2 November 1992 in connection with the above and the subsequent telephone conversation on the matter . The response to your questions are listed below :
thank you for your letter of 2 november 1992 in connection with the above and the [later] telephone conversation on the matter . the response to your questions are listed below :

It may be a further six months to one year before that is true of the Council 's position and , even then , the Secretary of State 's subsequent consideration of any final Review submitted for approval could take even longer .
it may be a further six months to one year before that is true of the council 's position and , even then , the secretary of state 's [later] consideration of any final review submitted for approval could take even longer .

Responses were slow and despite subsequent requests , amendments/additions/ deletions were not forthcoming .
responses were slow and despite [later] requests , amendments/additions/ deletions were not forthcoming .

Employees who are redeployed to posts outwith their recognised employment field will be given priority consideration for any subsequent vacancy which arises in that field for a period of one year following the date of redeployment .
employees who are redeployed to posts outwith their recognised employment field will be given priority consideration for any [later] vacancy which arises in that field for a period of one year following the date of redeployment .

The subsequent silence was like a balm and a regret .
the [later] silence was like a balm and a regret .

For instance , Hamlet 's relationship and subsequent behaviour towards Ophelia may not appear at first closely connected with Hamlet 's plan of murder .
for instance , hamlet 's relationship and [later] behaviour towards ophelia may not appear at first closely connected with hamlet 's plan of murder .

For some postgraduates , their chosen course or research specialism may form a natural stepping-stone into a subsequent career .
for some postgraduates , their chosen course or research specialism may form a natural stepping-stone into a [later] career .

The two courses offered provide an interdisciplinary introduction , useful for subsequent postgraduate study and for those seeking skills for further career advancement .
the two courses offered provide an interdisciplinary introduction , useful for [later] postgraduate study and for those seeking skills for further career advancement .

In 1976 the figure was set at 20,000 , and it was expected in that year that the figure would not exceed 15,000 in the following and subsequent years .
in 1976 the figure was set at 20,000 , and it was expected in that year that the figure would not exceed 15,000 in the following and [later] years .

This apparently insignificant detail was to be of fateful importance for all subsequent human cultural and psychological evolution because it provided the first , albeit rather minimal , check on the egoism and mutual antagonism of males .
this apparently insignificant detail was to be of fateful importance for all [later] human cultural and psychological evolution because it provided the first , albeit rather minimal , check on the egoism and mutual antagonism of males .

In his Totem and Taboo Freud made such an act of primal parricide and rape the origin of all subsequent human culture .
in his totem and taboo freud made such an act of primal parricide and rape the origin of all [later] human culture .

For , as we shall see , it is a remarkable and essential transformation , one which occurred at the beginning of human culture but which , in some subsequent cultures — possibly even in the modern world — could undergo retransformation back again into what it originally had been — an external tyranny .
for , as we shall see , it is a remarkable and essential transformation , one which occurred at the beginning of human culture but which , in some [later] cultures — possibly even in the modern world — could undergo retransformation back again into what it originally had been — an external tyranny .

It seems that the traumatic events surrounding the over-throw of the primal hordes and the setting up of the first fraternal hunting clans produced in our ancestors a central psychological conflict of such huge and all-engulfing proportions that all subsequent generations have to some extent or other felt its effects .
it seems that the traumatic events surrounding the over-throw of the primal hordes and the setting up of the first fraternal hunting clans produced in our ancestors a central psychological conflict of such huge and all-engulfing proportions that all [later] generations have to some extent or other felt its effects .

In doing so they bequeathed to all subsequent generations a psychology flawed by conflict and neuroticism and a social life marred by incompatible interests and painful compromises .
in doing so they bequeathed to all [later] generations a psychology flawed by conflict and neuroticism and a social life marred by incompatible interests and painful compromises .

This question really resolves itself into a very specific one , which is this : How do individuals of subsequent generations ‘ inherit ’ the primal trauma and its consequences ?
this question really resolves itself into a very specific one , which is this : how do individuals of [later] generations ‘ inherit ’ the primal trauma and its consequences ?

Reverting for a moment to the last chapter , we saw that we could answer the question of how it is that subsequent generations could acquire the superego organization produced by the primal trauma of human civilization , but only is so far as our answer was limited to archaic hunting societies like those in central Australia .
reverting for a moment to the last chapter , we saw that we could answer the question of how it is that [later] generations could acquire the superego organization produced by the primal trauma of human civilization , but only is so far as our answer was limited to archaic hunting societies like those in central australia .

( This should not be taken to mean that such psychopathological trends could not appear in individuals before the coming of cultivation or delayed-return hunter-gathering , merely that they would have been much less common and could not have taken on the collective , cultural significance which they did in the Neolithic and subsequent epochs . )
( this should not be taken to mean that such psychopathological trends could not appear in individuals before the coming of cultivation or delayed-return hunter-gathering , merely that they would have been much less common and could not have taken on the collective , cultural significance which they did in the neolithic and [later] epochs . )

Their sedentary way of life , the fact that individual families could become units of production and could not only store considerable surpluses , but pass them on to subsequent generations , now meant that the old egalitarian and cooperative values of the hunter-gatherers were gone for ever .
their sedentary way of life , the fact that individual families could become units of production and could not only store considerable surpluses , but pass them on to [later] generations , now meant that the old egalitarian and cooperative values of the hunter-gatherers were gone for ever .

It was argued earlier that man , a creature with unprepossessing qualities for higher social development , became capable of that development because of traumatic social changes which occurred in the past but whose impact was so immense that they have shaped human nature down to the present and have been the determining influences on the evolution of culture , whose function , by and large , is the transmission of the consequences of these primal , traumatic experiences to subsequent generations in the form of ego , and , most especially , superego , development .
it was argued earlier that man , a creature with unprepossessing qualities for higher social development , became capable of that development because of traumatic social changes which occurred in the past but whose impact was so immense that they have shaped human nature down to the present and have been the determining influences on the evolution of culture , whose function , by and large , is the transmission of the consequences of these primal , traumatic experiences to [later] generations in the form of ego , and , most especially , superego , development .

We saw that the first , and most important , of these traumatic social changes was the transition from vegetarian foraging to big-game hunting which precipitated the murder of the primal father , and that subsequent totemic culture , still extant until recently in some parts of the world , was a consequence of this .
we saw that the first , and most important , of these traumatic social changes was the transition from vegetarian foraging to big-game hunting which precipitated the murder of the primal father , and that [later] totemic culture , still extant until recently in some parts of the world , was a consequence of this .

surprising proposition is not merely that pastoral peoples do in fact show a fastidiousness with regard to the excremental functions which is totally unknown among primeval hunter-gatherers and rarely seen among agriculturalists ( although in their case the situation is complicated by subsequent introduction of domesticated animals ) , but that toilet-training and the mastery of the anal sphincter is , as we know from observation of our own children , intimately involved with sadistic instinctual trends and consists in the child accepting self-censorship of his anal and excremental drives .
surprising proposition is not merely that pastoral peoples do in fact show a fastidiousness with regard to the excremental functions which is totally unknown among primeval hunter-gatherers and rarely seen among agriculturalists ( although in their case the situation is complicated by [later] introduction of domesticated animals ) , but that toilet-training and the mastery of the anal sphincter is , as we know from observation of our own children , intimately involved with sadistic instinctual trends and consists in the child accepting self-censorship of his anal and excremental drives .

We saw earlier that the loss of the all-provident mother of the hunter-gatherer economy with the coming of agriculture and its childhood corollary , traumatic weaning , resulted in a depressive tendency brought about , as in modern clinical depression , through identification with an introjected , lost object and its subsequent punishment within the self .
we saw earlier that the loss of the all-provident mother of the hunter-gatherer economy with the coming of agriculture and its childhood corollary , traumatic weaning , resulted in a depressive tendency brought about , as in modern clinical depression , through identification with an introjected , lost object and its [later] punishment within the self .

The Department of Chemistry was the first building of the initial development — mid 1920s to 1930s ; subsequent further expansion took place in the 1950s and 1960s .
the department of chemistry was the first building of the initial development — mid 1920s to 1930s ; [later] further expansion took place in the 1950s and 1960s .

For some first-year subjects , the number in class can approach 300 , but in subsequent courses the numbers are much smaller .
for some first-year subjects , the number in class can approach 300 , but in [later] courses the numbers are much smaller .

In subsequent years , students of Sanskrit continue their study of language and also read Sanskrit texts , particularly in those fields in which the ancient Indian writers excelled , such as philosophy , poetry , drama and linguistics .
in [later] years , students of sanskrit continue their study of language and also read sanskrit texts , particularly in those fields in which the ancient indian writers excelled , such as philosophy , poetry , drama and linguistics .

In every subsequent year , flexibility and choice is the hallmark of the Geography degree .
in every [later] year , flexibility and choice is the hallmark of the geography degree .

And many of our society 's institutions and problems can only be understood if we know about their origins and their subsequent development ; our industrial relations system , conflicts between religious groups , the ‘ crisis ’ in the welfare state and the problems of the world economy today are four instances of this point .
and many of our society 's institutions and problems can only be understood if we know about their origins and their [later] development ; our industrial relations system , conflicts between religious groups , the ‘ crisis ’ in the welfare state and the problems of the world economy today are four instances of this point .

The veterinary degree course at the Royal ( Dick ) School of Veterinary Studies at the University of Edinburgh is broad and balanced and provides an excellent basis for subsequent specialisation in either clinical practice or research .
the veterinary degree course at the royal ( dick ) school of veterinary studies at the university of edinburgh is broad and balanced and provides an excellent basis for [later] specialisation in either clinical practice or research .

The peripheral state therefore contributes to accumulation and reproduction by directly or indirectly supporting authority relations in the labour process and dealing with subsequent conflicts .
the peripheral state therefore contributes to accumulation and reproduction by directly or indirectly supporting authority relations in the labour process and dealing with [later] conflicts .

It went on to describe Tracey 's confrontation with the unfortunate man , and his subsequent disappearance , presumably over the border into East Germany .
it went on to describe tracey 's confrontation with the unfortunate man , and his [later] disappearance , presumably over the border into east germany .

The Marxist theory of imperialism has been robustly challenged and robustly defended from many directionsl and it has left its mark on most subsequent theories of the global system .
the marxist theory of imperialism has been robustly challenged and robustly defended from many directionsl and it has left its mark on most [later] theories of the global system .

This decision was made based on ethical consideration despite the fact that the use of the heater probe as a rescue treatment would be a confounding variable in the assessment of the subsequent outcome ( operation or death ) .
this decision was made based on ethical consideration despite the fact that the use of the heater probe as a rescue treatment would be a confounding variable in the assessment of the [later] outcome ( operation or death ) .

Lung tissue from the right middle and lower lobes was stained for acid and alcohol-fast bacilli but none were seen , and subsequent culture for Mycobacteria was negative .
lung tissue from the right middle and lower lobes was stained for acid and alcohol-fast bacilli but none were seen , and [later] culture for mycobacteria was negative .

Any subsequent dilatations depended upon the recurrence of dysphagia .
any [later] dilatations depended upon the recurrence of dysphagia .

The patient complained of intermittant pain in both knees after heavy work at subsequent outpatient clinics .
the patient complained of intermittant pain in both knees after heavy work at [later] outpatient clinics .

The patient has had no further problems from perineal disease during the subsequent 17 months to date .
the patient has had no further problems from perineal disease during the [later] 17 months to date .

Over the subsequent two years , details of corticosteroid use and surgery were recorded although biochemical parameteres were not monitored .
over the [later] two years , details of corticosteroid use and surgery were recorded although biochemical parameteres were not monitored .

Therewas no significant correlation between the baseline values of bone mineral content/bone width or bone mineral density and the subsequent changes in bone mineral or between the rates of change of spinal and radial bone mineral density .
therewas no significant correlation between the baseline values of bone mineral content/bone width or bone mineral density and the [later] changes in bone mineral or between the rates of change of spinal and radial bone mineral density .

In a study by Patchell et al , surgical excision and subsequent radiotherapy in 25 patients was followed by local recurrence in 5 cases vs 12 local recurrences in 23 patients treated by radiotherapy alone .
in a study by patchell et al , surgical excision and [later] radiotherapy in 25 patients was followed by local recurrence in 5 cases vs 12 local recurrences in 23 patients treated by radiotherapy alone .

It will prove useful in localising the embolic source in patients with stroke and may allow identification of subgroups of patients at risk of subsequent embolic stroke .
it will prove useful in localising the embolic source in patients with stroke and may allow identification of subgroups of patients at risk of [later] embolic stroke .

Describing Gloucester 's subsequent attack on the Woodvilles , More continues : ‘ [ Gloucester and Buckingham ] said that the lord marquis had entered into the Tower of London and thence taken out the king 's treasure and sent men to the sea .
describing gloucester 's [later] attack on the woodvilles , more continues : ‘ [ gloucester and buckingham ] said that the lord marquis had entered into the tower of london and thence taken out the king 's treasure and sent men to the sea .

Mancini himself is clear that there was long-standing rivalry between the duke and the queen 's family , and this has been accepted by almost every subsequent writer .
mancini himself is clear that there was long-standing rivalry between the duke and the queen 's family , and this has been accepted by almost every [later] writer .

This period of about five weeks , in which Gloucester and the council governed in apparent harmony , provides an unfamiliar perspective from which to view Gloucester 's subsequent usurpation .
this period of about five weeks , in which gloucester and the council governed in apparent harmony , provides an unfamiliar perspective from which to view gloucester 's [later] usurpation .

If there really was a conspiracy against Gloucester , his subsequent actions can be seen as a matter of self-defence , culminating in his seizure of the throne as the only way of achieving long-term security from Woodville recriminations .
if there really was a conspiracy against gloucester , his [later] actions can be seen as a matter of self-defence , culminating in his seizure of the throne as the only way of achieving long-term security from woodville recriminations .

All subsequent experiments were performed with 120–240 minute incubations .
all [later] experiments were performed with 120–240 minute incubations .

Therefore , in the subsequent 56 patients adjuvant therapy with chenodeoxycholic acid 7 mg/kg/day and ursodeoxycholic acid 5 mg/kg/ day was given for an arbitrary period of three months after the procedure .
therefore , in the [later] 56 patients adjuvant therapy with chenodeoxycholic acid 7 mg/kg/day and ursodeoxycholic acid 5 mg/kg/ day was given for an arbitrary period of three months after the procedure .

Each inflation was maintained for one minute and separated by a gap of at least one minute for inflation with the subsequent volume .
each inflation was maintained for one minute and separated by a gap of at least one minute for inflation with the [later] volume .

It is now clear that an emergency portosystemic shunt or a devascularisation procedure does not necessarily prejudice the subsequent performance of liver transplantation .
it is now clear that an emergency portosystemic shunt or a devascularisation procedure does not necessarily prejudice the [later] performance of liver transplantation .

Ectopic varices , defined as varices arising in sites other than the oesophagus or cardia of the stomach , may develop spontaneously following endoscopic obliteration of oesophageal varices or occur as a result of surgery and subsequent adhesion formation .
ectopic varices , defined as varices arising in sites other than the oesophagus or cardia of the stomach , may develop spontaneously following endoscopic obliteration of oesophageal varices or occur as a result of surgery and [later] adhesion formation .

The surgical exposure is satisfactory and not unduly prolonged in even the largest patients and the technique does not interfere with any subsequent transplant operation .
the surgical exposure is satisfactory and not unduly prolonged in even the largest patients and the technique does not interfere with any [later] transplant operation .

In subsequent years , the number of patients in the trial were too small to compare mean annual costs .
in [later] years , the number of patients in the trial were too small to compare mean annual costs .

In 40 of the 55 patients , biopsy of the flat mucosa was repeated during one of these subsequent surveillance examinations and the proliferative patterns found in these samples were compared with those of the baseline biopsy samples .
in 40 of the 55 patients , biopsy of the flat mucosa was repeated during one of these [later] surveillance examinations and the proliferative patterns found in these samples were compared with those of the baseline biopsy samples .

Bile sampling at the time of endoscopic or percutaneous cholangiography , with subsequent cytological examination , has been carried out for over 20 years .
bile sampling at the time of endoscopic or percutaneous cholangiography , with [later] cytological examination , has been carried out for over 20 years .

Initial response and subsequent course of Crohn 's disease treated with elemental diet or prednisolone
initial response and [later] course of crohn 's disease treated with elemental diet or prednisolone

Nineteen continued to exhibit low grade dysplasia in at least one subsequent biopsy ( mean 6.3 follow up colonoscopies per patient over 6.9 years ) .
nineteen continued to exhibit low grade dysplasia in at least one [later] biopsy ( mean 6.3 follow up colonoscopies per patient over 6.9 years ) .

We evaluated children with Crohn 's disease presenting before or during early puberty and analysed the variation in their subsequent linear growth in relation to anatomical distribution of disease , severity of gastrointestinal symptoms , sex , and therapeutic interventions .
we evaluated children with crohn 's disease presenting before or during early puberty and analysed the variation in their [later] linear growth in relation to anatomical distribution of disease , severity of gastrointestinal symptoms , sex , and therapeutic interventions .

An adult of 472 gastric emptying tests carried out over a 10 year period was performed to discover the reasons for requests from consultant clinicians , their anticipation of the results of tests , and the influence of the results upon the subsequent management of their patients .
an adult of 472 gastric emptying tests carried out over a 10 year period was performed to discover the reasons for requests from consultant clinicians , their anticipation of the results of tests , and the influence of the results upon the [later] management of their patients .

The hospital case notes of all referred patients were reviewed in detail , and the following information noted : ( 1 ) the referring Hospital ; ( 2 ) the referring clinical discipline ; ( 3 ) the patient 's symptoms and ‘ working ’ diagnosis ; ( 4 ) whether the clinician 's notes , before the gastric emptying study , indicated a prediction of abnormally rapid or abnormally slow gastric emptying ; ( 5 ) the influence of the result of the gastric emptying study upon the subsequent clinical management .
the hospital case notes of all referred patients were reviewed in detail , and the following information noted : ( 1 ) the referring hospital ; ( 2 ) the referring clinical discipline ; ( 3 ) the patient 's symptoms and ‘ working ’ diagnosis ; ( 4 ) whether the clinician 's notes , before the gastric emptying study , indicated a prediction of abnormally rapid or abnormally slow gastric emptying ; ( 5 ) the influence of the result of the gastric emptying study upon the [later] clinical management .

For both tests , data from control studies were used to derive 95 % confidence intervals for all points on the emptying curves for normal subjects , which were then used to assign normality or abnormality to the results of subsequent studies .
for both tests , data from control studies were used to derive 95 % confidence intervals for all points on the emptying curves for normal subjects , which were then used to assign normality or abnormality to the results of [later] studies .

Other patients whose studies were part of a research protocol have been included in the subsequent analysis as these requests for gastric emptying studies were intended to establish diagnoses , albeit to define groups of patients for further evaluation .
other patients whose studies were part of a research protocol have been included in the [later] analysis as these requests for gastric emptying studies were intended to establish diagnoses , albeit to define groups of patients for further evaluation .

The results did not seem to influence subsequent clinical management of these patients in any way that would have differed appreciably from management without this information .
the results did not seem to influence [later] clinical management of these patients in any way that would have differed appreciably from management without this information .

It seems that this latter development may potentially underlie the subsequent promotion of acid resistant lineages ( gastric metaplasia ) because the non-resistant oesophageal stem cells ( or possibly also the stem cells of the submucosal oesophageal glands ) are either damaged or die , whereas others which have the ability to redifferentiate to a mucin secreting phenotype survive .
it seems that this latter development may potentially underlie the [later] promotion of acid resistant lineages ( gastric metaplasia ) because the non-resistant oesophageal stem cells ( or possibly also the stem cells of the submucosal oesophageal glands ) are either damaged or die , whereas others which have the ability to redifferentiate to a mucin secreting phenotype survive .

In this regard there is subsequent selection of specialised lineages of columnar mucous partly as a result of change in the phenotype of the relatively exposed squamous ( or glandular ) stem cells .
in this regard there is [later] selection of specialised lineages of columnar mucous partly as a result of change in the phenotype of the relatively exposed squamous ( or glandular ) stem cells .

Exposure of the duodenal mucosa to a mild dose of acid ( 100 µmol HCl ) significantly enhanced mucosal resistance to a subsequent acid challenge .
exposure of the duodenal mucosa to a mild dose of acid ( 100 µmol hcl ) significantly enhanced mucosal resistance to a [later] acid challenge .

Members will also study distance learning materials before starting the course to consolidate the College study and to prepare them for subsequent modules .
members will also study distance learning materials before starting the course to consolidate the college study and to prepare them for [later] modules .

Three problems , in particular , confront us , the extent of the fall in England 's population caused by the Black Death and by subsequent epidemics , the chronology of decline and recovery , and the possible redistribution of population throughout the country .
three problems , in particular , confront us , the extent of the fall in england 's population caused by the black death and by [later] epidemics , the chronology of decline and recovery , and the possible redistribution of population throughout the country .

If this were the case , the drop in population in the first half of the period could have been deeper and the subsequent recovery slower than existing replacement figures suggest .
if this were the case , the drop in population in the first half of the period could have been deeper and the [later] recovery slower than existing replacement figures suggest .

One must also stress that there is an insidious tendency to assume that once the population figures had reached their lowest point , their subsequent recovery was continuous ; surviving evidence , however , suggests the contrary : that periods of rising population were at best intermittent and liable to sudden check from new epidemics .
one must also stress that there is an insidious tendency to assume that once the population figures had reached their lowest point , their [later] recovery was continuous ; surviving evidence , however , suggests the contrary : that periods of rising population were at best intermittent and liable to sudden check from new epidemics .

The rebellion of 1381 and its subsequent repression did not affect the underlying problems of the economy , notably those posed by the decline in population .
the rebellion of 1381 and its [later] repression did not affect the underlying problems of the economy , notably those posed by the decline in population .

The returns of these commissions , together with subsequent proceedings throughout the cardinal 's chancellorship against those who had broken the Act , provide much of the evidence on the whole process .
the returns of these commissions , together with [later] proceedings throughout the cardinal 's chancellorship against those who had broken the act , provide much of the evidence on the whole process .

Despite suggestions in the preamble to a draft bill of 1514 , that the men responsible for the enclosures were townsmen and speculators who were buying up land , it is clear from the evidence of the subsequent proceedings that the offenders were very largely drawn from old-established families of nobility and gentry .
despite suggestions in the preamble to a draft bill of 1514 , that the men responsible for the enclosures were townsmen and speculators who were buying up land , it is clear from the evidence of the [later] proceedings that the offenders were very largely drawn from old-established families of nobility and gentry .

In the Health Study , all children had serum retinol measurements at baseline and then a different , randomly chosen one-third sample was tested at each of the three subsequent dosing rounds .
in the health study , all children had serum retinol measurements at baseline and then a different , randomly chosen one-third sample was tested at each of the three [later] dosing rounds .

Children who were at least 6 months old entered the trials at the first dosing round or at a subsequent round and left at the last dosing round , or when they moved out of the study area , died , or were withdrawn from the trial .
children who were at least 6 months old entered the trials at the first dosing round or at a [later] round and left at the last dosing round , or when they moved out of the study area , died , or were withdrawn from the trial .

The appearance of at least one subsequent smear showing high-grade dyskaryosis was recorded .
the appearance of at least one [later] smear showing high-grade dyskaryosis was recorded .

The severity of comorbidity at baseline was strongly related to subsequent mortality ( p=0.0001 ) .
the severity of comorbidity at baseline was strongly related to [later] mortality ( p=0.0001 ) .

Although traumatic damage to the uterus — eg , that associated with an induced abortion — can lead to intra-uterine adhesions and amenorrhoea ( Asherman 's syndrome ) , the effect of an uncomplicated termination of pregnancy on subsequent fertility is reportedly less clear .
although traumatic damage to the uterus — eg , that associated with an induced abortion — can lead to intra-uterine adhesions and amenorrhoea ( asherman 's syndrome ) , the effect of an uncomplicated termination of pregnancy on [later] fertility is reportedly less clear .

This finding confirms those from studies of multiple primary melanomas that large numbers of naevi are a risk factor for second and subsequent primary tumours .
this finding confirms those from studies of multiple primary melanomas that large numbers of naevi are a risk factor for second and [later] primary tumours .

Subsequent use of intracerebral microdialysis in rodents , cats , and non-human primates has contributed to our understanding of the role of the cerebral microenvironment and of particular neurotransmitters in states of arousal , appetitive and addictive behaviours , movement disorders , epilepsy , cerebral ischaemia , and traumatic injury of brain and spinal cord .
[later] use of intracerebral microdialysis in rodents , cats , and non-human primates has contributed to our understanding of the role of the cerebral microenvironment and of particular neurotransmitters in states of arousal , appetitive and addictive behaviours , movement disorders , epilepsy , cerebral ischaemia , and traumatic injury of brain and spinal cord .

Two subsequent recommendations make it clear that the public ( not just clinicians or infertile people ) must have a voice in setting these priorities .
two [later] recommendations make it clear that the public ( not just clinicians or infertile people ) must have a voice in setting these priorities .

The largest thunderclap of the storm had followed the Prime Minister 's words ‘ Right , gentlemen , this means war ’ , and the subsequent flash of lightning , it was remembered later , had lit up the entire room , despite the blackout curtains .
the largest thunderclap of the storm had followed the prime minister 's words ‘ right , gentlemen , this means war ’ , and the [later] flash of lightning , it was remembered later , had lit up the entire room , despite the blackout curtains .

These details can be viewed or transferred to a file for subsequent printing .
these details can be viewed or transferred to a file for [later] printing .

to use the modified modules in any subsequent modifications to your package , or
to use the modified modules in any [later] modifications to your package , or

After an online to offline operation for a particular version of a module , subsequent offline requests simply cause the online copy to be deleted , since the offline system is known to hold a copy already .
after an online to offline operation for a particular version of a module , [later] offline requests simply cause the online copy to be deleted , since the offline system is known to hold a copy already .

Help text is arranged in a series of levels from brief prompts displayed on the current page to , in some cases , subsequent levels containing several screens of information , guidance and explanation .
help text is arranged in a series of levels from brief prompts displayed on the current page to , in some cases , [later] levels containing several screens of information , guidance and explanation .

Option 9.2.0 also allows you to automate subsequent Offline runs , in that you specify an interval between Offline runs .
option 9.2.0 also allows you to automate [later] offline runs , in that you specify an interval between offline runs .

This may in turn cure any subsequent errors .
this may in turn cure any [later] errors .

When a second or subsequent ‘ instance ’ of an item ( one with the same value as an existing item ) is to be added , the existing instance is moved from its current position to the top of the partition .
when a second or [later] ‘ instance ’ of an item ( one with the same value as an existing item ) is to be added , the existing instance is moved from its current position to the top of the partition .

The scheduling of subsequent offline runs can be automated using option 9.2.0 , which allows the user to specify an interval between offline runs .
the scheduling of [later] offline runs can be automated using option 9.2.0 , which allows the user to specify an interval between offline runs .

If the line were deleted then subsequent roles would all adopt the wrong names .
if the line were deleted then [later] roles would all adopt the wrong names .

Subsequent copies may be obtained by making further contributions .
[later] copies may be obtained by making further contributions .

Following a subsequent period of stability a fresh wave of poor immigrants arrived between 1631 and 1660 , bringing the proportion of labourers up to 31·2 per cent .
following a [later] period of stability a fresh wave of poor immigrants arrived between 1631 and 1660 , bringing the proportion of labourers up to 31·2 per cent .

Reform began with the Revenue Act of 1971 ; the Federal Election Campaign Act and its subsequent amendments .
reform began with the revenue act of 1971 ; the federal election campaign act and its [later] amendments .

The rats could not have had their learning affected by the reinforcement on the eleventh day , it simply changed their subsequent performance .
the rats could not have had their learning affected by the reinforcement on the eleventh day , it simply changed their [later] performance .

That is , we initially categorise them as this or that type of person and interpret or distort subsequent information to confirm that s/he is this type of person .
that is , we initially categorise them as this or that type of person and interpret or distort [later] information to confirm that s/he is this type of person .

Hence , subsequent studies manipulated things like the degree of incompatibility between initial and later adjectives and the instructions to subjects ( e.g .
hence , [later] studies manipulated things like the degree of incompatibility between initial and later adjectives and the instructions to subjects ( e.g .

Kidder , Peabody recorded 125 acquisitions of small private garbage firms in America in 1985 , twice as many in subsequent years .
kidder , peabody recorded 125 acquisitions of small private garbage firms in america in 1985 , twice as many in [later] years .

There is an understanding that at subsequent elections all seats will be openly contested .
there is an understanding that at [later] elections all seats will be openly contested .

This ensures that the relevant lessons are distilled and fed back into the appraisal stage of subsequent projects .
this ensures that the relevant lessons are distilled and fed back into the appraisal stage of [later] projects .

If the project appraisal is flawed , or if the project only marginally exceeds the minimum rate of return specified by the organization , it is better that it should fail at the approval stage than be implemented with the risk of subsequent failure .
if the project appraisal is flawed , or if the project only marginally exceeds the minimum rate of return specified by the organization , it is better that it should fail at the approval stage than be implemented with the risk of [later] failure .

the lapse of time between the end of a work element and the following dependent work element ) or a programmed period of unproductive time within a work element has to be recognized in both the tender and subsequent programmes .
the lapse of time between the end of a work element and the following dependent work element ) or a programmed period of unproductive time within a work element has to be recognized in both the tender and [later] programmes .

An example is the use of a crane to move shutters on one structure and the subsequent use of the crane for moving skips of concrete to a second structure .
an example is the use of a crane to move shutters on one structure and the [later] use of the crane for moving skips of concrete to a second structure .

There are two main ways in which genetic engineering can be used in agriculture : ( 1 ) by the introduction of a specific gene or genes into a plant or animal cell so that the performance of that plant or animal is enhanced in a particular way through the new trait which has been added , and ( 2 ) by the introduction of a gene or genes into a bacterial cell which will cause the bacterium and its subsequent generations to perform a useful function , for example , to produce a protein toxic to insects or a specific compound especially valuable to farm animals or to man .
there are two main ways in which genetic engineering can be used in agriculture : ( 1 ) by the introduction of a specific gene or genes into a plant or animal cell so that the performance of that plant or animal is enhanced in a particular way through the new trait which has been added , and ( 2 ) by the introduction of a gene or genes into a bacterial cell which will cause the bacterium and its [later] generations to perform a useful function , for example , to produce a protein toxic to insects or a specific compound especially valuable to farm animals or to man .

After Farooq 's assassination and the subsequent shootings , both India and Pakistan initiated substantial and aggressive troop movements , and The Hindu of May 31 reported that the two countries " came close to war " on May 22 .
after farooq 's assassination and the [later] shootings , both india and pakistan initiated substantial and aggressive troop movements , and the hindu of may 31 reported that the two countries " came close to war " on may 22 .

The armed forces continued to be split , chiefly over the issue of the treatment of soldiers involved in the `` dirty war `` of 1976-83 and in more recent military rebellions , with former officers such as Aldo Rico and Mohamed Alí Seineldin who had been involved in 1987-88 rebellions keeping a high public profile despite their pardoning and subsequent dismissal from the Army in October 1989 [ see p. 36972 ] .
the armed forces continued to be split , chiefly over the issue of the treatment of soldiers involved in the `` dirty war `` of 1976-83 and in more recent military rebellions , with former officers such as aldo rico and mohamed alí seineldin who had been involved in 1987-88 rebellions keeping a high public profile despite their pardoning and [later] dismissal from the army in october 1989 [ see p. 36972 ] .

During his subsequent trial , however , Poindexter 's central line of defence was that he had acted with the general authorization of the President .
during his [later] trial , however , poindexter 's central line of defence was that he had acted with the general authorization of the president .

The subsequent negotiations confirmed that the best hope for compromise lay in ratifying an unamended version of Meech Lake in conjunction with a parallel document which would address the concerns of the dissenter states .
the [later] negotiations confirmed that the best hope for compromise lay in ratifying an unamended version of meech lake in conjunction with a parallel document which would address the concerns of the dissenter states .

However , in what the Guardian of July 9 called `` a scintillating display of his personality and skill at manipulation `` , Gorbachev castigated and cajoled the congress into reversing this decision ; on this and several subsequent occasions it was proved that the combative talk by the majority conservatives was strikingly at odds with their docility when it came to challenging outright the will of the party leader . ``
however , in what the guardian of july 9 called `` a scintillating display of his personality and skill at manipulation `` , gorbachev castigated and cajoled the congress into reversing this decision ; on this and several [later] occasions it was proved that the combative talk by the majority conservatives was strikingly at odds with their docility when it came to challenging outright the will of the party leader . ``

Most notably , it insisted on the Ukraine 's right to have `` its own armed forces , internal security troops and state security bodies `` , and to veto the deployment of Ukrainian citizens outside the republic for military service ( a subsequent resolution , adopted on July 30 , condemned the deployment of Ukrainian conscripts in peacekeeping duties in Transcaucasia and Central Asia , and called for all Ukrainian conscripts serving in other republics to be repatriated by Dec. 1 ) .
most notably , it insisted on the ukraine 's right to have `` its own armed forces , internal security troops and state security bodies `` , and to veto the deployment of ukrainian citizens outside the republic for military service ( a [later] resolution , adopted on july 30 , condemned the deployment of ukrainian conscripts in peacekeeping duties in transcaucasia and central asia , and called for all ukrainian conscripts serving in other republics to be repatriated by dec. 1 ) .

Imposition and subsequent lifting of state of siege
imposition and [later] lifting of state of siege

Lúder had objected to his non-notification of and subsequent exclusion from a dinner hosted by Menem on Jan. 17 , when one of the guests was the Army Chief of Staff Gen. Isidro Cáceres , and when matters of internal security were believed to have been discussed .
lúder had objected to his non-notification of and [later] exclusion from a dinner hosted by menem on jan. 17 , when one of the guests was the army chief of staff gen. isidro cáceres , and when matters of internal security were believed to have been discussed .

Some of his actions , in particular the unexpected introduction of a constitutional amendment allowing for an elected Vice-President and the subsequent appointment of Moudud Ahmed to that post , caused some disquiet among party members .
some of his actions , in particular the unexpected introduction of a constitutional amendment allowing for an elected vice-president and the [later] appointment of moudud ahmed to that post , caused some disquiet among party members .

Much of the debate on short-range nuclear modernization took place prior to the opening of the borders between East and West Germany on Nov. 9 , 1989 ( see p. 37025 ) , and other subsequent changes in Eastern Europe ( for June 1989 short-range nuclear modernization see p. 36716 ) .
much of the debate on short-range nuclear modernization took place prior to the opening of the borders between east and west germany on nov. 9 , 1989 ( see p. 37025 ) , and other [later] changes in eastern europe ( for june 1989 short-range nuclear modernization see p. 36716 ) .

It was , however , passed by the Volkskammer at a subsequent session on Aug. 22 , by a vote of 294-74 .
it was , however , passed by the volkskammer at a [later] session on aug. 22 , by a vote of 294-74 .

On the same day the chairman of the commission investigating the June events disclosed that miners were being questioned over their involvement in the violent crackdown against the anti-government demonstrators and the subsequent ransacking of opposition leaders ' offices and homes .
on the same day the chairman of the commission investigating the june events disclosed that miners were being questioned over their involvement in the violent crackdown against the anti-government demonstrators and the [later] ransacking of opposition leaders ' offices and homes .

Subsequent Foreign Ministry reaction was , however , more cautious , with officials expressing `` satisfaction `` while stressing that Iran would continue to press for the complete acceptance of Resolution 598 including provisions relating to international help with post-war reconstruction , and condemnation of the guilty party in starting the Gulf war , followed by war reparations .
[later] foreign ministry reaction was , however , more cautious , with officials expressing `` satisfaction `` while stressing that iran would continue to press for the complete acceptance of resolution 598 including provisions relating to international help with post-war reconstruction , and condemnation of the guilty party in starting the gulf war , followed by war reparations .

Reports in early July had suggested that Keenan 's release was imminent , but subsequent Israeli air attacks on Lebanon had apparently led the kidnappers to delay the operation [ see p. 37626 ] .
reports in early july had suggested that keenan 's release was imminent , but [later] israeli air attacks on lebanon had apparently led the kidnappers to delay the operation [ see p. 37626 ] .

The legislation followed the 1987 world stock market crash which had led to a controversial four-day closure of the Hong Kong stock exchange and the subsequent arrest of a number of officials on corruption charges [ see pp .
the legislation followed the 1987 world stock market crash which had led to a controversial four-day closure of the hong kong stock exchange and the [later] arrest of a number of officials on corruption charges [ see pp .

In a subsequent interview with the government newspaper Izvestiya he complained that collapsing central government authority over local administrations and suppliers had made his job impossible .
in a [later] interview with the government newspaper izvestiya he complained that collapsing central government authority over local administrations and suppliers had made his job impossible .

Although police in subsequent statements inclined towards a simple robbery motive ( the killer stole Fr Men 's briefcase ) , they did not rule out a political motive .
although police in [later] statements inclined towards a simple robbery motive ( the killer stole fr men 's briefcase ) , they did not rule out a political motive .

The Macedonian question reportedly came up in discussions between Lukanov and his Yugoslav counterpart Ante Markovic in the Yugoslav city of Nis on May 30 , although it was not mentioned in the subsequent communiqué .
the macedonian question reportedly came up in discussions between lukanov and his yugoslav counterpart ante markovic in the yugoslav city of nis on may 30 , although it was not mentioned in the [later] communiqué .

[ Subsequent developments in March and April , including a Soviet clampdown against Lithuanian army deserters , the occupation by Soviet troops of Communist Party buildings in Vilnius , and threats of a Soviet economic blockade of Lithuania , will be covered in the next News Digest . ]
[ [later] developments in march and april , including a soviet clampdown against lithuanian army deserters , the occupation by soviet troops of communist party buildings in vilnius , and threats of a soviet economic blockade of lithuania , will be covered in the next news digest . ]

Devi Lal 's resignation and its subsequent withdrawal
devi lal 's resignation and its [later] withdrawal

In July Joshi relinquished the governorship of Meghalaya [ see above ] and in December he resigned as Governor of Assam in order to return to Rajasthan as Chief Minister [ see p. 37125 ; for his subsequent removal in March 1990 see p. 37246 ] .
in july joshi relinquished the governorship of meghalaya [ see above ] and in december he resigned as governor of assam in order to return to rajasthan as chief minister [ see p. 37125 ; for his [later] removal in march 1990 see p. 37246 ] .

The moment of his release , and his subsequent statements were observed with intense interest inside South Africa and throughout the world .
the moment of his release , and his [later] statements were observed with intense interest inside south africa and throughout the world .

More than 60 miners died in a methane gas explosion and subsequent underground fire at a coalmine near Merzifon in north-eastern Turkey on Feb. 7 .
more than 60 miners died in a methane gas explosion and [later] underground fire at a coalmine near merzifon in north-eastern turkey on feb. 7 .

Subsequent reports , however , suggested that the temperature rise had been uneven across the globe , with a minority of regions , including the north Pacific and north-east Atlantic oceans , having cooled by up to 0.5 degrees Celsius during the decade .
[later] reports , however , suggested that the temperature rise had been uneven across the globe , with a minority of regions , including the north pacific and north-east atlantic oceans , having cooled by up to 0.5 degrees celsius during the decade .

The debate over the Education Reform Act , and subsequent developments since then , such as the appeal by the London boroughs of Ealing and Newham against their local Agreed Syllabuses , has shown up the extent of this polarization .
the debate over the education reform act , and [later] developments since then , such as the appeal by the london boroughs of ealing and newham against their local agreed syllabuses , has shown up the extent of this polarization .

We have seen that there were two main forms of political alignment in Restoration England : the Whig–Tory one , which came to the fore during the Exclusion Crisis , and an earlier tradition of strife between Country and Court , which fed into , but did not directly overlap with , the subsequent party divide .
we have seen that there were two main forms of political alignment in restoration england : the whig–tory one , which came to the fore during the exclusion crisis , and an earlier tradition of strife between country and court , which fed into , but did not directly overlap with , the [later] party divide .

He has been accused of misinterpreting the data and of generalising from untypical examples , whilst new evidence brought to light by subsequent research suggests that he was wrong in denying the existence of a two-party system , at least under Anne .
he has been accused of misinterpreting the data and of generalising from untypical examples , whilst new evidence brought to light by [later] research suggests that he was wrong in denying the existence of a two-party system , at least under anne .

It was the Jacobite conspiracy of February 1696 and the subsequent demand by the Junto that MPs sign an Association asserting that William was `` rightful and lawful King of these realms `` which most seriously undermined the bi-partisan nature of the Country platform .
it was the jacobite conspiracy of february 1696 and the [later] demand by the junto that mps sign an association asserting that william was `` rightful and lawful king of these realms `` which most seriously undermined the bi-partisan nature of the country platform .

It can be done out of role — with the information gathered through research , for example , then used to inform the subsequent drama — or it can be undertaken in role .
it can be done out of role — with the information gathered through research , for example , then used to inform the [later] drama — or it can be undertaken in role .

This did not prevent subsequent British complaints that they had been let down by Washington .
this did not prevent [later] british complaints that they had been let down by washington .

The subsequent breaking of the Rhine further exacerbated matters .
the [later] breaking of the rhine further exacerbated matters .

In addition to working back from subsequent arrangements , we can use Gregory 's narrative to establish the spheres of activity of the various kings .
in addition to working back from [later] arrangements , we can use gregory 's narrative to establish the spheres of activity of the various kings .

With Cautinus , however , we see the full impact of a disputed appointment on the subsequent episcopate .
with cautinus , however , we see the full impact of a disputed appointment on the [later] episcopate .

Cato appears as arrogant in his determination to fulfil the canons , despite the offer to consecrate him made by the bishops who attended Gallus 's funeral ; his subsequent refusal of the see of Tours does nothing to enhance his reputation .
cato appears as arrogant in his determination to fulfil the canons , despite the offer to consecrate him made by the bishops who attended gallus 's funeral ; his [later] refusal of the see of tours does nothing to enhance his reputation .

Further , the way in which Gregory presents his account of Gundovald 's rebellion and the subsequent related events is in itself revealing .
further , the way in which gregory presents his account of gundovald 's rebellion and the [later] related events is in itself revealing .

It talks in some detail about the additions made to the Pactus subsequent to those which `` the first king `` had himself added .
it talks in some detail about the additions made to the pactus [later] to those which `` the first king `` had himself added .

Nicholas took British acceptance of Nesselrode 's subsequent summary of his London exchanges as tantamount to acquiescence in a policy of bilateral action on Turkey .
nicholas took british acceptance of nesselrode 's [later] summary of his london exchanges as tantamount to acquiescence in a policy of bilateral action on turkey .

Entrance into the service and the whole subsequent diplomatic career depended entirely on the connections of the man in the ministry itself and at Court .
entrance into the service and the whole [later] diplomatic career depended entirely on the connections of the man in the ministry itself and at court .

It is of great significance for the subsequent history of anthropological thinking .
it is of great significance for the [later] history of anthropological thinking .

Subsequent research by anthropologists has failed to confirm this latter generalization .
[later] research by anthropologists has failed to confirm this latter generalization .

The enangan had no subsequent special rights either in the girl or in her future children though her children addressed him by a title used as a respectful term for `` Father `` among some neighbouring groups .
the enangan had no [later] special rights either in the girl or in her future children though her children addressed him by a title used as a respectful term for `` father `` among some neighbouring groups .

It is usual for engagement letters for sale mandates to include a phrase along the following lines : ‘ The responsibility for the Information Memorandum 's factual accuracy and opinions expressed therein will rest with yourselves . It will be counter productive and damaging to the process if the subsequent enquiries of a prospective purchaser invalidate the document ’
it is usual for engagement letters for sale mandates to include a phrase along the following lines : ‘ the responsibility for the information memorandum 's factual accuracy and opinions expressed therein will rest with yourselves . it will be counter productive and damaging to the process if the [later] enquiries of a prospective purchaser invalidate the document ’

If this rule is not complied with , the issuer is guilty of an offence , any subsequent contract etc entered into may be unenforceable and the issuer of the advertisement may face criminal charges and/or fines .
if this rule is not complied with , the issuer is guilty of an offence , any [later] contract etc entered into may be unenforceable and the issuer of the advertisement may face criminal charges and/or fines .

This will normally be wider and higher than the range associated with the valuation since the likelihood of a buyer seeking a subsequent price reduction during the negotiating process will need to be anticipated .
this will normally be wider and higher than the range associated with the valuation since the likelihood of a buyer seeking a [later] price reduction during the negotiating process will need to be anticipated .

Also the degree to which the firm is associated with any financial information or other data conveyed to the potential purchaser relating to the client should always be made clear in the information memorandum itself , in any subsequent information provided and in any transmittal letter sent with the information .
also the degree to which the firm is associated with any financial information or other data conveyed to the potential purchaser relating to the client should always be made clear in the information memorandum itself , in any [later] information provided and in any transmittal letter sent with the information .

Advise those Network members who are participating in the distribution of the Investment Overview of the progress of the engagement , at significant milestones , and also ensure that they receive copies of all subsequent material being transmitted .
advise those network members who are participating in the distribution of the investment overview of the progress of the engagement , at significant milestones , and also ensure that they receive copies of all [later] material being transmitted .

If you respond to the situation and become involved in the subsequent process , copy the initiating member on all relevant correspondence .
if you respond to the situation and become involved in the [later] process , copy the initiating member on all relevant correspondence .

This will help them to assess the reasonableness of any subsequent offer ; for example , are the vendors to be rewarded for any synergies or rationalisation benefits resulting from the transaction ?
this will help them to assess the reasonableness of any [later] offer ; for example , are the vendors to be rewarded for any synergies or rationalisation benefits resulting from the transaction ?

The impact of subsequent changes in accounting standards or legislation on the above consistent accounting policies requirement .
the impact of [later] changes in accounting standards or legislation on the above consistent accounting policies requirement .

Advise the participating member as to the likelihood of subsequent services being required of him by the client .
advise the participating member as to the likelihood of [later] services being required of him by the client .

An obligation on the acquirer to take over the obligations under existing contracts and other continuing obligations of the business ; to indemnify the offeree for any liability that arises subsequent to completion in respect of them ; and , in particular , provision for dealing with warranty claims in respect of products sold prior to completion and product liability .
an obligation on the acquirer to take over the obligations under existing contracts and other continuing obligations of the business ; to indemnify the offeree for any liability that arises [later] to completion in respect of them ; and , in particular , provision for dealing with warranty claims in respect of products sold prior to completion and product liability .

Possibility of adding value , such as assistance with any subsequent transaction
possibility of adding value , such as assistance with any [later] transaction

As part of the co-ordination role , the engagement team should consider if suggested drafting amendments to documents will cause subsequent verification difficulties .
as part of the co-ordination role , the engagement team should consider if suggested drafting amendments to documents will cause [later] verification difficulties .

When returned , subsequent amendments fall into two categories :
when returned , [later] amendments fall into two categories :

An up-front market study can provide valuable insights and provide sharper focus for the subsequent search .
an up-front market study can provide valuable insights and provide sharper focus for the [later] search .

We will have no obligation to update our report for events or transactions occurring subsequent to the date of issue of the report in final form .
we will have no obligation to update our report for events or transactions occurring [later] to the date of issue of the report in final form .

It is embarrassing and counter-productive if subsequent enquiries invalidate the document .
it is embarrassing and counter-productive if [later] enquiries invalidate the document .

This is an important point to realise , since it would be embarrassing and counter-productive if subsequent enquiries made by a prospective purchaser invalidated the document .
this is an important point to realise , since it would be embarrassing and counter-productive if [later] enquiries made by a prospective purchaser invalidated the document .

Although a deal may be concluded for a strategically important acquisition at a fair price , the subsequent financial success of such an acquisition will be often dependent on the appropriateness of the deal structure .
although a deal may be concluded for a strategically important acquisition at a fair price , the [later] financial success of such an acquisition will be often dependent on the appropriateness of the deal structure .

Land and buildings are to be shown at original cost or subsequent valuation .
land and buildings are to be shown at original cost or [later] valuation .

Land and buildings are to be shown at original cost or subsequent valuation .
land and buildings are to be shown at original cost or [later] valuation .

To the best of our knowledge and belief there are no events or new information which have occurred or have become known subsequent to [ date of last audited financial statements ] that would reasonably necessitate adjustments to the Memorandum .
to the best of our knowledge and belief there are no events or new information which have occurred or have become known [later] to [ date of last audited financial statements ] that would reasonably necessitate adjustments to the memorandum .

To the best of our knowledge and belief there are no material undisclosed liabilities or contingencies existing as at the date of this letter relating to the Group that would be the responsibility of a purchaser subsequent to the purchase of the shares of the Group other than any such liabilities or contingencies of which a prudent purchaser might reasonably be expected to know having made appropriate enquiries .
to the best of our knowledge and belief there are no material undisclosed liabilities or contingencies existing as at the date of this letter relating to the group that would be the responsibility of a purchaser [later] to the purchase of the shares of the group other than any such liabilities or contingencies of which a prudent purchaser might reasonably be expected to know having made appropriate enquiries .

That could be made to look like abuse of his authority at a subsequent inquiry .
that could be made to look like abuse of his authority at a [later] inquiry .

When Angel One raced from the clearing , narrowly evading the lethal hail of screaming metal shot , he avoided the subsequent search with contemptuous ease .
when angel one raced from the clearing , narrowly evading the lethal hail of screaming metal shot , he avoided the [later] search with contemptuous ease .

Pam had also caught Springfield 's glance and his subsequent reluctance to speak , and put in spiritedly , ‘ Nate , do n't hold anything back on my account .
pam had also caught springfield 's glance and his [later] reluctance to speak , and put in spiritedly , ‘ nate , do n't hold anything back on my account .

But despite his subsequent Phoenix-like rise from the ashes of defeat , he reflected that his fall from grace had been mainly due to the persistent interference of the private detective Grant .
but despite his [later] phoenix-like rise from the ashes of defeat , he reflected that his fall from grace had been mainly due to the persistent interference of the private detective grant .

The mistake , quickly spotted , was corrected in subsequent matches .
the mistake , quickly spotted , was corrected in [later] matches .

And the most dangerous players in the world today are those athletic and financially secure ones who calculate risks with the astuteness of a bank manager , but go for the first prize , if possible , and the subsequent contracts , knowing that if the high-flying fairway wood does n't clear a ditch at Augusta , they can still enjoy a steak dinner tonight , thanks to a pitch and single putt !
and the most dangerous players in the world today are those athletic and financially secure ones who calculate risks with the astuteness of a bank manager , but go for the first prize , if possible , and the [later] contracts , knowing that if the high-flying fairway wood does n't clear a ditch at augusta , they can still enjoy a steak dinner tonight , thanks to a pitch and single putt !

On the 15th he hit his drive such a prodigious distance that the one wag among the gallery suggested that drugs testing should be introduced at subsequent Matches .
on the 15th he hit his drive such a prodigious distance that the one wag among the gallery suggested that drugs testing should be introduced at [later] matches .

It will trace the causes and developments of the speculative mania of the mid-1840 's , and then of the subsequent collapse of both unsuccessful projects and the profitability of established companies .
it will trace the causes and developments of the speculative mania of the mid-1840 's , and then of the [later] collapse of both unsuccessful projects and the profitability of established companies .

The first , involving mainly large enterprises , investigates the role of industrial users in the development and implementation of process innovations and their subsequent commercial exploitation as product innovations .
the first , involving mainly large enterprises , investigates the role of industrial users in the development and implementation of process innovations and their [later] commercial exploitation as product innovations .

This will allow issues such as the discretion allowed to lower levels , and different perceptions of the extent of control over or autonomy of establishments to be addressed in the subsequent analysis .
this will allow issues such as the discretion allowed to lower levels , and different perceptions of the extent of control over or autonomy of establishments to be addressed in the [later] analysis .

Adam Smith and subsequent writers have shown that in a competitive economy the pursuit of self interest can lead to an outcome which society would view as efficient .
adam smith and [later] writers have shown that in a competitive economy the pursuit of self interest can lead to an outcome which society would view as efficient .

Here are examples of questions addressed . How do different patterns of marriage and childbearing affect women 's subsequent incomes and pension rights ? How much are a person 's chances of survival , reproduction or co-residence with others affected by their command over economic resources ? How have income difference between men and women been changing ? How sensitive are the answers to varying assumptions about how families pool resources ? Is poverty in Britain becoming more or less ‘ feminized ’ ?
here are examples of questions addressed . how do different patterns of marriage and childbearing affect women 's [later] incomes and pension rights ? how much are a person 's chances of survival , reproduction or co-residence with others affected by their command over economic resources ? how have income difference between men and women been changing ? how sensitive are the answers to varying assumptions about how families pool resources ? is poverty in britain becoming more or less ‘ feminized ’ ?

The process of labour market adjustment is central to the reallocation of resources and subsequent employment expansion which are the goals of macroeconomic policy in developing countries .
the process of labour market adjustment is central to the reallocation of resources and [later] employment expansion which are the goals of macroeconomic policy in developing countries .

In subsequent periods , real wages gradually return to equilibrium , and the output with it .
in [later] periods , real wages gradually return to equilibrium , and the output with it .

Yet subsequent sizable revisions often show how unreliable are preliminary economic data .
yet [later] sizable revisions often show how unreliable are preliminary economic data .

This involves understanding the nature of the relationship between a child 's prior understanding of a word and its subsequent use in production .
this involves understanding the nature of the relationship between a child 's prior understanding of a word and its [later] use in production .

The project is intended to lay the groundwork for a subsequent full-scale study .
the project is intended to lay the groundwork for a [later] full-scale study .

It will examine the impact on the research group of their success , their subsequent work , and the fate of the ‘ discovery ’ itself .
it will examine the impact on the research group of their success , their [later] work , and the fate of the ‘ discovery ’ itself .

The original research was designed to investigate the subsequent labour-market behaviour of a sample of steelworkers made redundant from the British Steel Corporation , Port Talbot , South Wales , and to relate this behaviour to the type of domestic organisation of their households and the character of their local social networks .
the original research was designed to investigate the [later] labour-market behaviour of a sample of steelworkers made redundant from the british steel corporation , port talbot , south wales , and to relate this behaviour to the type of domestic organisation of their households and the character of their local social networks .

The aim of this project is to investigate the reasons for these differences and their subsequent effects .
the aim of this project is to investigate the reasons for these differences and their [later] effects .

The exploratory model earlier put forward to help clarify the workings of the enterprise will be revised in the light of recent developments , comments from other scholars , and subsequent research done by the principal investigators .
the exploratory model earlier put forward to help clarify the workings of the enterprise will be revised in the light of recent developments , comments from other scholars , and [later] research done by the principal investigators .

The aim of this study is to examine the influence of these skills on subsequent reading development .
the aim of this study is to examine the influence of these skills on [later] reading development .

Whilst paying due attention to individual differences among incoming students as a potential source of subsequent competence , the investigator is especially concerned with the effects upon this of variation in course provision and course participation .
whilst paying due attention to individual differences among incoming students as a potential source of [later] competence , the investigator is especially concerned with the effects upon this of variation in course provision and course participation .

Much social and medical research is concerned with the impact of certain experiences or treatments on the subsequent behaviour of a group of individuals .
much social and medical research is concerned with the impact of certain experiences or treatments on the [later] behaviour of a group of individuals .

The basis of today 's diversity was clearly apparent in the Anglo-Saxon period and a knowledge of the landscape of Anglo-Saxon England is indispensable to studies of the historical geography of all subsequent periods .
the basis of today 's diversity was clearly apparent in the anglo-saxon period and a knowledge of the landscape of anglo-saxon england is indispensable to studies of the historical geography of all [later] periods .

This was the second success that Pat had landed for the Scott stable since his return , the other having been on Crawford Says who beat subsequent Irish national winner Ebony Jane at Fairyhouse .
this was the second success that pat had landed for the scott stable since his return , the other having been on crawford says who beat [later] irish national winner ebony jane at fairyhouse .

In the subsequent years they have appeared in losing finals against Tyrone 1984 , Derry 1987 and Donegal 1990 .
in the [later] years they have appeared in losing finals against tyrone 1984 , derry 1987 and donegal 1990 .

All have indicated willingness to leave following Forest 's relegation to the First Division at the subsequent retirement of manager Brian Clough .
all have indicated willingness to leave following forest 's relegation to the first division at the [later] retirement of manager brian clough .

Equally , governments ' ability to enforce subsequent agreements , will depend both on the existing efficiency and administrative capacity of local States , and on the legitimacy of their taking positive action to defend the global environment , in the eyes of local interest groups .
equally , governments ' ability to enforce [later] agreements , will depend both on the existing efficiency and administrative capacity of local states , and on the legitimacy of their taking positive action to defend the global environment , in the eyes of local interest groups .

This entails an analysis of the origins of European Union during 1969-1972 together with a survey of its fortunes and changing interpretations during the subsequent period 1972-1984 .
this entails an analysis of the origins of european union during 1969-1972 together with a survey of its fortunes and changing interpretations during the [later] period 1972-1984 .

In some foreign countries the hearing on aliment is dealt with at a separate subsequent diet after divorce has been granted but before the decree is formally pronounced .
in some foreign countries the hearing on aliment is dealt with at a separate [later] diet after divorce has been granted but before the decree is formally pronounced .

At one time among Ireland 's best novice chasers , The Committee was runner up to subsequent Gold Cup winner Garrison Savannah in the Sun Alliance Novices Chase at Cheltenham in 1990 .
at one time among ireland 's best novice chasers , the committee was runner up to [later] gold cup winner garrison savannah in the sun alliance novices chase at cheltenham in 1990 .

In the subsequent years England had amassed 149 points to Ireland 's 32 , winning the try count 22–4 .
in the [later] years england had amassed 149 points to ireland 's 32 , winning the try count 22–4 .

The transition in coach Gerry Murphy 's side in the subsequent weeks has been quite astonishing .
the transition in coach gerry murphy 's side in the [later] weeks has been quite astonishing .

The transition in coach Gerry Murphy 's side in the subsequent weeks has been quite astonishing .
the transition in coach gerry murphy 's side in the [later] weeks has been quite astonishing .

Chatam may run for Martin Pipe and if so would have a big chance on the strength of that close second at Leopardstown to subsequent Gold Cup winner Jodami .
chatam may run for martin pipe and if so would have a big chance on the strength of that close second at leopardstown to [later] gold cup winner jodami .

The pleas were entered at an earlier court which heard the charges arose out of the removal and subsequent sale of gents clothing from the store as well as what was described as the ‘ creaming off ’ of cash from sales at the counter .
the pleas were entered at an earlier court which heard the charges arose out of the removal and [later] sale of gents clothing from the store as well as what was described as the ‘ creaming off ’ of cash from sales at the counter .

Assist in identifying user training needs , and liaise with other staff on subsequent training provision .
assist in identifying user training needs , and liaise with other staff on [later] training provision .

This author 's subsequent papers made no mention of Scotland , but made use of techniques developed during the course of his fieldwork .
this author 's [later] papers made no mention of scotland , but made use of techniques developed during the course of his fieldwork .

The correspondence between rotor position and the number of excitation changes is now lost and the subsequent rotor movement is erratic .
the correspondence between rotor position and the number of excitation changes is now lost and the [later] rotor movement is erratic .

If the correct position for changing the phase excitation pattern has been reached the phase is allowed to remain on , otherwise the phase is turned off in preparation for a subsequent trial .
if the correct position for changing the phase excitation pattern has been reached the phase is allowed to remain on , otherwise the phase is turned off in preparation for a [later] trial .

The first tentacle pore on the arm has no arm spines associated with it , the second has one spine the third has two and subsequent ones have three or four .
the first tentacle pore on the arm has no arm spines associated with it , the second has one spine the third has two and [later] ones have three or four .

The first tentacle pore lacks are accompanying spine , the second to fourth have only one spine subsequent pores have two .
the first tentacle pore lacks are accompanying spine , the second to fourth have only one spine [later] pores have two .

The first tentacle pore on the arm has no spine associated , the next five or so pores have one and subsequent ones have two .
the first tentacle pore on the arm has no spine associated , the next five or so pores have one and [later] ones have two .

Subsequent pores have only one .
[later] pores have only one .

There are two , occasionally three , large flat tentacle scales on the first tentacle pore subsequent pores have only one .
there are two , occasionally three , large flat tentacle scales on the first tentacle pore [later] pores have only one .

On the first tentacle pore of the arm there 2 often 3 large broad flap-like tentacle scales , subsequent pores have one broad flap-like scale with sometimes a smaller pointed more spine-like scale .
on the first tentacle pore of the arm there 2 often 3 large broad flap-like tentacle scales , [later] pores have one broad flap-like scale with sometimes a smaller pointed more spine-like scale .

There are two flattened rounded tentacle scales on the most proximal arm segment , subsequent pores have only one and distally the tentacle scale becoming quite small .
there are two flattened rounded tentacle scales on the most proximal arm segment , [later] pores have only one and distally the tentacle scale becoming quite small .

The matrix of the arm joints , the subsequent plates ventral plates and jaw plates appears coarse .
the matrix of the arm joints , the [later] plates ventral plates and jaw plates appears coarse .

The tentacle pores are relatively large with two flat pointed tentacle scales on the first arm pore and one on subsequent pores .
the tentacle pores are relatively large with two flat pointed tentacle scales on the first arm pore and one on [later] pores .

The subsequent ventral arm plates are pentagonal to bell shaped , separated with a wide curved distal edge and indented lateral edges .
the [later] ventral arm plates are pentagonal to bell shaped , separated with a wide curved distal edge and indented lateral edges .

The first ventral arm plate is pentagonal , subsequent ones are rounded pentagonal with an obtuse proximal angle and a convex distal edge , only the first and second ventral arm plates are contiguous .
the first ventral arm plate is pentagonal , [later] ones are rounded pentagonal with an obtuse proximal angle and a convex distal edge , only the first and second ventral arm plates are contiguous .

The dorsalmost 3–4 are small , thin with subsequent spines gradually becoming larger , the largest being those in the middle of the series .
the dorsalmost 3–4 are small , thin with [later] spines gradually becoming larger , the largest being those in the middle of the series .

The first ventral arm plate is small and round , the subsequent plates roughly pentagonal with a convex distal edge which may be produced in the midline ; they are contiguous at least on the proximal arm segments .
the first ventral arm plate is small and round , the [later] plates roughly pentagonal with a convex distal edge which may be produced in the midline ; they are contiguous at least on the proximal arm segments .

The tentacle pores are large and open proximally becoming less conspicuous distally ; the first four are armed with 2–3 rounded tentacle scales , the subsequent pores usually with two pointed tentacle scales .
the tentacle pores are large and open proximally becoming less conspicuous distally ; the first four are armed with 2–3 rounded tentacle scales , the [later] pores usually with two pointed tentacle scales .

The tentacle pores are open proximally , the first three armed with up to three rounded tentacle scales , subsequent pores have two pointed scales .
the tentacle pores are open proximally , the first three armed with up to three rounded tentacle scales , [later] pores have two pointed scales .

The first ventral arm plate appears trapezoidal or slightly pentagonal while the subsequent plates become more rounded with an obtuse proximal angle and a rounded distal edge ; they are separated from one another .
the first ventral arm plate appears trapezoidal or slightly pentagonal while the [later] plates become more rounded with an obtuse proximal angle and a rounded distal edge ; they are separated from one another .

The first ventral arm plate is triangular , subsequent ones pentagonal with the distal edge becoming more convex distally , separated along the length of the arm ; the proximal ones appear to be slightly swollen .
the first ventral arm plate is triangular , [later] ones pentagonal with the distal edge becoming more convex distally , separated along the length of the arm ; the proximal ones appear to be slightly swollen .

The first ventral arm plate is irregularly hexagonal , the second slightly trapezoidal with a convex distal edge , subsequent plates are wider than long axe shaped or squat bell shaped ; the proximal plates are contiguous .
the first ventral arm plate is irregularly hexagonal , the second slightly trapezoidal with a convex distal edge , [later] plates are wider than long axe shaped or squat bell shaped ; the proximal plates are contiguous .

These mevleviyets were distinctly ad hominem ( though bother strictly , all three — kadiliks were in later years re-created mevleviyets ) and contrast with most subsequent creations , where the appointees were fully qualified to become holders of mevleviyets .
these mevleviyets were distinctly ad hominem ( though bother strictly , all three — kadiliks were in later years re-created mevleviyets ) and contrast with most [later] creations , where the appointees were fully qualified to become holders of mevleviyets .

Until near the middle of the sixteenth century the enrolment of a student who had completed , or nearly completed , his studies as a candidate for office and the subsequent appointment of him to a post seems to have been rather a disorganized process .
until near the middle of the sixteenth century the enrolment of a student who had completed , or nearly completed , his studies as a candidate for office and the [later] appointment of him to a post seems to have been rather a disorganized process .

Much has already been said in the preceding pages about the subsequent progress through the learned hierarchy of the student who chose to become a muderris : with ability , luck , good connections or a combination of the three he would teach through a number of grades of medreses , eventually to turn to the mevleviyet kadiliks through which he might hope to rise ultimately to what had become by the end of the sixteenth century the principal office in the hierarchy , the Muftilik of Istanbul .
much has already been said in the preceding pages about the [later] progress through the learned hierarchy of the student who chose to become a muderris : with ability , luck , good connections or a combination of the three he would teach through a number of grades of medreses , eventually to turn to the mevleviyet kadiliks through which he might hope to rise ultimately to what had become by the end of the sixteenth century the principal office in the hierarchy , the muftilik of istanbul .

The assertion that Bayezid 's reign was felt to be essentially a godless one finds confirmation in the view taken by the earliest Ottoman historians of the crushing defeat suffered by Bayezid at the hands of Timur in 1402 near Ankara and the subsequent chaos in the Ottoman state .
the assertion that bayezid 's reign was felt to be essentially a godless one finds confirmation in the view taken by the earliest ottoman historians of the crushing defeat suffered by bayezid at the hands of timur in 1402 near ankara and the [later] chaos in the ottoman state .

Suppose that the origin of life was quite a probable event , but the subsequent evolution of intelligence was exceedingly improbable , demanding a huge stroke of luck .
suppose that the origin of life was quite a probable event , but the [later] evolution of intelligence was exceedingly improbable , demanding a huge stroke of luck .

If we use up almost all our ration of luck in our theory of how life gets started on a planet in the first place , then we are allowed to postulate very little more luck in subsequent parts of our theory , in , say , the cumulative evolution of brains and intelligence .
if we use up almost all our ration of luck in our theory of how life gets started on a planet in the first place , then we are allowed to postulate very little more luck in [later] parts of our theory , in , say , the cumulative evolution of brains and intelligence .

If we do n't use up all our ration of luck in our theory of the origin of life , we have some left over to spend on our theories of subsequent evolution , after cumulative selection has got going .
if we do n't use up all our ration of luck in our theory of the origin of life , we have some left over to spend on our theories of [later] evolution , after cumulative selection has got going .

My personal feeling is that , once cumulative selection has got itself properly started , we need to postulate only a relatively small amount of luck in the subsequent evolution of life and intelligence .
my personal feeling is that , once cumulative selection has got itself properly started , we need to postulate only a relatively small amount of luck in the [later] evolution of life and intelligence .

And once a flaw has appeared , it tends to be copied as subsequent layers of crystal encrust themselves on top of it .
and once a flaw has appeared , it tends to be copied as [later] layers of crystal encrust themselves on top of it .

Subsequent layers of the same crystal will copy the same flaw , and if the crystal breaks in two it will give rise to a sub-population of altered crystals .
[later] layers of the same crystal will copy the same flaw , and if the crystal breaks in two it will give rise to a sub-population of altered crystals .

Now if the alteration makes the crystal either less or more efficient in the damming/drying/erosion cycle , this will affect how many copies it has in subsequent ‘ generations ’ .
now if the alteration makes the crystal either less or more efficient in the damming/drying/erosion cycle , this will affect how many copies it has in [later] ‘ generations ’ .

There are many opportunities for successive ‘ generations ’ to become progressively ‘ better ’ at getting passed to subsequent generations .
there are many opportunities for successive ‘ generations ’ to become progressively ‘ better ’ at getting passed to [later] generations .

Various subsequent duplications have given rise to the so-called alpha , beta , gamma , delta , epsilon and zeta globins .
various [later] duplications have given rise to the so-called alpha , beta , gamma , delta , epsilon and zeta globins .

These included the elimination and/or simplification of existing manual systems with subsequent savings in staff effort and the more tedious tasks such as producing an alphabetical listing ( nominal roll ) of employees or identifying those employees coming up for retirement .
these included the elimination and/or simplification of existing manual systems with [later] savings in staff effort and the more tedious tasks such as producing an alphabetical listing ( nominal roll ) of employees or identifying those employees coming up for retirement .

It eliminates the possibility of inconsistencies arising between what is done and what is recorded — with all the subsequent difficulties this causes -by the simple device of reducing the two activities to a single operation through the provision of integrated letter writing .
it eliminates the possibility of inconsistencies arising between what is done and what is recorded — with all the [later] difficulties this causes -by the simple device of reducing the two activities to a single operation through the provision of integrated letter writing .

Subsequent phases saw the amalgamation and redivision of these enclosures , presumably as ownership or tenurial arrangements changed , but the framework , once established , remained remarkably consistent over time , as the layout of the late inhumations attests .
[later] phases saw the amalgamation and redivision of these enclosures , presumably as ownership or tenurial arrangements changed , but the framework , once established , remained remarkably consistent over time , as the layout of the late inhumations attests .

The subsequent history of these properties varied somewhat .
the [later] history of these properties varied somewhat .

the building societies ; since the deregulation permitted by the Building Societies Act of 1986 and subsequent Orders in Council .
the building societies ; since the deregulation permitted by the building societies act of 1986 and [later] orders in council .

The Building Societies Act of 1986 , and subsequent Orders in Council of 1988 , have permitted societies to offer a whole range of new banking , investment and housing services in addition to their traditional savings and home loan business .
the building societies act of 1986 , and [later] orders in council of 1988 , have permitted societies to offer a whole range of new banking , investment and housing services in addition to their traditional savings and home loan business .

However , for the subsequent purchaser to acquire good title under this provision there are different requirements to be fulfilled :
however , for the [later] purchaser to acquire good title under this provision there are different requirements to be fulfilled :

If the market price subsequently rose or fell , that is irrelevant , even if the seller actually sold at that subsequent greater or lower price .
if the market price subsequently rose or fell , that is irrelevant , even if the seller actually sold at that [later] greater or lower price .

His subsequent purchase is an ‘ independent and disconnected ’ transaction .
his [later] purchase is an ‘ independent and disconnected ’ transaction .

The prima facie rule would be displaced by a subsequent transaction which was not ‘ independent and disconnected , ’ as illustrated by the facts in Pagnan v. Corbisa .
the prima facie rule would be displaced by a [later] transaction which was not ‘ independent and disconnected , ’ as illustrated by the facts in pagnan v. corbisa .

Subsequent recklessness will not render criminal an earlier statement .
[later] recklessness will not render criminal an earlier statement .

Subsequent facts will not make the statement false ; subsequent recklessness will not make it reckless .
[later] facts will not make the statement false ; [later] recklessness will not make it reckless .

Similarly subsequent facts will not make a false statement true .
similarly [later] facts will not make a false statement true .

Any kind of first occasion always seems more difficult than subsequent occasions and this is no less true of a change in an electoral system than it is of any other kind of change .
any kind of first occasion always seems more difficult than [later] occasions and this is no less true of a change in an electoral system than it is of any other kind of change .

However , a private practice background , either during or after articles , is no bar to subsequent progress in local government .
however , a private practice background , either during or after articles , is no bar to [later] progress in local government .

Since the campaign broke in the Financial Times on 20 September — and with subsequent adverts in the Daily Telegraph and The Times a few days later — response has been good .
since the campaign broke in the financial times on 20 september — and with [later] adverts in the daily telegraph and the times a few days later — response has been good .

Given that the cartridge may need to be removed for the purpose of transporting the printer , it means that , should any toner be spilled from the cartridge , it is likely to fall below the paper path , and so not contaminate the rest of the machine and subsequent print-outs .
given that the cartridge may need to be removed for the purpose of transporting the printer , it means that , should any toner be spilled from the cartridge , it is likely to fall below the paper path , and so not contaminate the rest of the machine and [later] print-outs .

Subsequent checking confirmed that personnel were not affected .
[later] checking confirmed that personnel were not affected .

So the fire and its subsequent flood , which destroyed everything left that was not flammable and added a particularly noisome flux to the survivors ' problems , did not mark its end .
so the fire and its [later] flood , which destroyed everything left that was not flammable and added a particularly noisome flux to the survivors ' problems , did not mark its end .

The slam of the door and its subsequent splitting as the axe hit it merged into one sound .
the slam of the door and its [later] splitting as the axe hit it merged into one sound .

Formed from this association , her subsequent discourse invents anthropomorphically and causes her production to be invested with fantasy and wit .
formed from this association , her [later] discourse invents anthropomorphically and causes her production to be invested with fantasy and wit .

‘ And put a clean shirt on and polish up them shoes before you ask him , ’ had been her only subsequent worldly advice .
‘ and put a clean shirt on and polish up them shoes before you ask him , ’ had been her only [later] worldly advice .

Subsequent research , aided by the Home of Rest for Horses , has enabled the Bristol team to understand the structure and function of these tendons , together with the mechanisms involved in their injury and repair .
[later] research , aided by the home of rest for horses , has enabled the bristol team to understand the structure and function of these tendons , together with the mechanisms involved in their injury and repair .

In addition , the established place of computers has reduced techno-fear among teachers and has probably made subsequent technology innovation more acceptable to the people who will have to put it to work .
in addition , the established place of computers has reduced techno-fear among teachers and has probably made [later] technology innovation more acceptable to the people who will have to put it to work .

Built around a supremely non-standard hardware configuration , costly to acquire and complex to use , it was not even supported by a steady subsequent flow of new , compatible software so the investment in the hardware could be amortised across a range of classroom applications .
built around a supremely non-standard hardware configuration , costly to acquire and complex to use , it was not even supported by a steady [later] flow of new , compatible software so the investment in the hardware could be amortised across a range of classroom applications .

The only real alternatives to the Pitcairn plume containing recycled continental or sedimentary material are that the magmas have assimilated sediment in crustal magma chambers or they have exchanged oxygen during subsequent submarine weathering .
the only real alternatives to the pitcairn plume containing recycled continental or sedimentary material are that the magmas have assimilated sediment in crustal magma chambers or they have exchanged oxygen during [later] submarine weathering .

Subsequent leaders were also devoted to giving nuclear scientists and designers everything they wanted .
[later] leaders were also devoted to giving nuclear scientists and designers everything they wanted .

The account of the design contract with Freeman Fox in London and the subsequent efforts to get the construction done by companies in the United Kingdom presents a depressing picture of British industry as seen from abroad .
the account of the design contract with freeman fox in london and the [later] efforts to get the construction done by companies in the united kingdom presents a depressing picture of british industry as seen from abroad .

The central interest , though , is the last part of the story , the origins of modern humans and the subsequent diversification into geographically variable populations .
the central interest , though , is the last part of the story , the origins of modern humans and the [later] diversification into geographically variable populations .

the subsequent rate of growth of these nuclei to macroscopic dimensions .
the [later] rate of growth of these nuclei to macroscopic dimensions .

Stress-relaxation ( section 13.7 ) in which the material is quickly subjected to a strain and a subsequent decay of stress is observed , and
stress-relaxation ( section 13.7 ) in which the material is quickly subjected to a strain and a [later] decay of stress is observed , and

If the map is to be reproduced , for example , a higher-quality end-product is obtained if the map is output onto film for subsequent printing .
if the map is to be reproduced , for example , a higher-quality end-product is obtained if the map is output onto film for [later] printing .

In subsequent series , Crawford would come up with the ideas , then Allen would write the episodes .
in [later] series , crawford would come up with the ideas , then allen would write the episodes .

His work broke all the conventions of size , style , and technique ; his imagination lifted textbook material to the level of a flamboyant , romantic art and set a brave new standard for subsequent bird illustrators .
his work broke all the conventions of size , style , and technique ; his imagination lifted textbook material to the level of a flamboyant , romantic art and set a brave new standard for [later] bird illustrators .

The order of the list of land birds is almost exactly the same as appears in Darwin 's 1839 Journal of the Voyage of the Beagle , so these notes must have been used by Darwin as the basis for his subsequent publication .
the order of the list of land birds is almost exactly the same as appears in darwin 's 1839 journal of the voyage of the beagle , so these notes must have been used by darwin as the basis for his [later] publication .

One can not overestimate the importance of Gould 's identifications in establishing foundations for Darwin 's subsequent theories , as well as the part they initially played as catalyst .
one can not overestimate the importance of gould 's identifications in establishing foundations for darwin 's [later] theories , as well as the part they initially played as catalyst .

In a fit of feverish activity Gould proceeded to publish a series of lectures and papers as quickly as he could possibly produce them ; on 25 August he exhibited and named at the Zoological Society six new species of kangaroo and presented his information on the bowerbirds ; on 8 September he read a paper at a scientific meeting on the extraordinary brush turkey , or Alectura , among a selection of others ; on 13 October he gave an account of the Ocellated leipoa ; on 10 November he exhibited at the Society 50 of his new Australian birds , which he characterised in subsequent meetings ; and so on , until he had presented all his new trophies from both the bird and animal kingdoms to the awestruck Zoological members .
in a fit of feverish activity gould proceeded to publish a series of lectures and papers as quickly as he could possibly produce them ; on 25 august he exhibited and named at the zoological society six new species of kangaroo and presented his information on the bowerbirds ; on 8 september he read a paper at a scientific meeting on the extraordinary brush turkey , or alectura , among a selection of others ; on 13 october he gave an account of the ocellated leipoa ; on 10 november he exhibited at the society 50 of his new australian birds , which he characterised in [later] meetings ; and so on , until he had presented all his new trophies from both the bird and animal kingdoms to the awestruck zoological members .

Although she is not pictured , will be known to many throughout the Group from her previous job at Ipswich working for and subsequent move to the region centre .
although she is not pictured , will be known to many throughout the group from her previous job at ipswich working for and [later] move to the region centre .

Chief examiners are invited to attend and find this helpful in finalising their papers and formulating ideas for subsequent sittings .
chief examiners are invited to attend and find this helpful in finalising their papers and formulating ideas for [later] sittings .

However , subject to the normal exemptions and depending upon the individual employee 's particular circumstances , a liability to capital gains tax could arise on a subsequent disposal of the shares .
however , subject to the normal exemptions and depending upon the individual employee 's particular circumstances , a liability to capital gains tax could arise on a [later] disposal of the shares .

Essentially , Weber 's essay sets out to show how the mediaeval cities in Western Europe sustained a fundamental challenge to the feudal system which surrounds them , and thus paved the way for the subsequent development of a rational-legal social order .
essentially , weber 's essay sets out to show how the mediaeval cities in western europe sustained a fundamental challenge to the feudal system which surrounds them , and thus paved the way for the [later] development of a rational-legal social order .

Thought has to be given to future integration at the initial design stage , otherwise subsequent integration will be very difficult and expensive .
thought has to be given to future integration at the initial design stage , otherwise [later] integration will be very difficult and expensive .

As more and more documents are processed , the less likely will subsequent documents effect a change in the overall model .
as more and more documents are processed , the less likely will [later] documents effect a change in the overall model .

This gives us much concern because of the serious operations in 1953 and some subsequent attacks of fever .
this gives us much concern because of the serious operations in 1953 and some [later] attacks of fever .

It might be objected that for a politician to act as a ‘ caretaker ’ might in itself enhance his chances in the subsequent Leadership election , simply by his being seen to fulfil the duties of the office of Prime Minister .
it might be objected that for a politician to act as a ‘ caretaker ’ might in itself enhance his chances in the [later] leadership election , simply by his being seen to fulfil the duties of the office of prime minister .

Dr Fisher has clearly demonstrated that the export of manufactures to Portugal was closely bound to their subsequent re-export from Lisbon to Brazil : `` The business that English merchants drove to the English colonies in this period was in fact complemented by substantial indirect trades to the Iberian empires in America . ``
dr fisher has clearly demonstrated that the export of manufactures to portugal was closely bound to their [later] re-export from lisbon to brazil : `` the business that english merchants drove to the english colonies in this period was in fact complemented by substantial indirect trades to the iberian empires in america . ``

Subsequent developments in public finance derived from the rea-lisation that a limit had been reached .
[later] developments in public finance derived from the rea-lisation that a limit had been reached .

The subsequent decline in unemployment has also been responsible for the fall in the share of transfer payments since 1984 .
the [later] decline in unemployment has also been responsible for the fall in the share of transfer payments since 1984 .

If management policy is changed prior to privatization , the present value of future profits rises at this point , and it is this that is the source of improvement to the public finances , not the subsequent change of ownership .
if management policy is changed prior to privatization , the present value of future profits rises at this point , and it is this that is the source of improvement to the public finances , not the [later] change of ownership .

In other words once the first element has been selected every subsequent choice is determined by the element immediately preceding it .
in other words once the first element has been selected every [later] choice is determined by the element immediately preceding it .

Subsequent government/IMF austerity measures will hit some harder than others .
[later] government/imf austerity measures will hit some harder than others .

The region was neglected by the British colonialists and subsequent Ugandan governments .
the region was neglected by the british colonialists and [later] ugandan governments .

My right hon. Friend will agree that those questions must be answered and that we have to get to the very heart of the scandal to ensure that it should not happen again , not only in Leicestershire but elsewhere , and those responsible for the cover-up are made to realise what they have done and the subsequent effect it has had on numerous children .
my right hon. friend will agree that those questions must be answered and that we have to get to the very heart of the scandal to ensure that it should not happen again , not only in leicestershire but elsewhere , and those responsible for the cover-up are made to realise what they have done and the [later] effect it has had on numerous children .

If the Government are concerned about public expenditure and court time , will they make offences under section 12(1) of the 1968 Act indictable , rather than purely summary , offences for people who are making a second or subsequent court appearances ?
if the government are concerned about public expenditure and court time , will they make offences under section 12(1) of the 1968 act indictable , rather than purely summary , offences for people who are making a second or [later] court appearances ?

Other people who may remember the Secretary of State and write his epitaph are the mothers whose child benefit is still worth £2.15 a week less than it was worth in 1987 for second and subsequent children .
other people who may remember the secretary of state and write his epitaph are the mothers whose child benefit is still worth £2.15 a week less than it was worth in 1987 for second and [later] children .

If those on the Opposition Front Bench are right and there is an election on a certain day in April , the Government are right not to allow many hours of debate on the first few clauses so that subsequent clauses are rushed through without sufficient consideration .
if those on the opposition front bench are right and there is an election on a certain day in april , the government are right not to allow many hours of debate on the first few clauses so that [later] clauses are rushed through without sufficient consideration .

No doubt many middle aged and older people our area will remember the original railway before its closure and subsequent preservation .
no doubt many middle aged and older people our area will remember the original railway before its closure and [later] preservation .

Many of us would like to know what happens to the information that is collected during questioning when there is no subsequent conviction .
many of us would like to know what happens to the information that is collected during questioning when there is no [later] conviction .

Gentleman will be aware that the case for pardoning Derek Bentley was supported by his trial jury , which recommended mercy in 1952 ; by the Lord Chief Justice of the day ; by the trial judge , who said subsequently that he believed that Bentley would not hang ; a subsequent Lord Chancellor , Lord Hailsham ; by many members of another place ; by many right hon .
gentleman will be aware that the case for pardoning derek bentley was supported by his trial jury , which recommended mercy in 1952 ; by the lord chief justice of the day ; by the trial judge , who said subsequently that he believed that bentley would not hang ; a [later] lord chancellor , lord hailsham ; by many members of another place ; by many right hon .

Will the Secretary of State confirm that , subsequent to the accident at the Severn tunnel on 7 December , the Government 's railway inspectorate removed and confiscated a length of self-healing cable , which is suspected to be part of the cause of the signalling failures that may have led to the accident ?
will the secretary of state confirm that , [later] to the accident at the severn tunnel on 7 december , the government 's railway inspectorate removed and confiscated a length of self-healing cable , which is suspected to be part of the cause of the signalling failures that may have led to the accident ?

Is my hon. Friend aware that , for many years within the referral area of the Plymouth eye infirmary , people have had to wait excessively long periods not only for an initial eye examination but for subsequent treatment ? Will my hon. Friend tell us what action is being taken to improve the position in respect of new staff and new facilities and any benefits that might be derived from the new contractual arrangements ?
is my hon. friend aware that , for many years within the referral area of the plymouth eye infirmary , people have had to wait excessively long periods not only for an initial eye examination but for [later] treatment ? will my hon. friend tell us what action is being taken to improve the position in respect of new staff and new facilities and any benefits that might be derived from the new contractual arrangements ?

The subsequent report on the incident showed that the company , its staff and workers responded magnificently in the difficult circumstances .
the [later] report on the incident showed that the company , its staff and workers responded magnificently in the difficult circumstances .

Does the Minister agree that , if the general agreement on tariffs and trade talks are concluded successfully and there is subsequent reform of the common agricultural policy , there is a great chance for an increase in production in the intensive sector in the pig and poultry industry once we gain access to cheap grain from the United States ?
does the minister agree that , if the general agreement on tariffs and trade talks are concluded successfully and there is [later] reform of the common agricultural policy , there is a great chance for an increase in production in the intensive sector in the pig and poultry industry once we gain access to cheap grain from the united states ?

However , evidence suggests that , after an initial fall-off , admission numbers at those museums which charge have held up well in subsequent years .
however , evidence suggests that , after an initial fall-off , admission numbers at those museums which charge have held up well in [later] years .

If the reprocessing goes ahead , waste , conditioned for transport and subsequent storage , will be removed from the United Kingdom not later than 25 years after reprocessing .
if the reprocessing goes ahead , waste , conditioned for transport and [later] storage , will be removed from the united kingdom not later than 25 years after reprocessing .

The figures for railways might sound encouraging , but , when looked at in detail , they fall away sharply in the subsequent two years .
the figures for railways might sound encouraging , but , when looked at in detail , they fall away sharply in the [later] two years .

This plan was first suggested in a radio forum about three years ago , but unfortunately the subsequent reports did not bring out these points .
this plan was first suggested in a radio forum about three years ago , but unfortunately the [later] reports did not bring out these points .

But the question raises a host of subsequent questions , each of which will help determine the structure and focus of our answer .
but the question raises a host of [later] questions , each of which will help determine the structure and focus of our answer .

Annabel Patterson 's recent Shakespeare and the Popular Voice , for instance , demonstrates how critical writers in subsequent centuries enforced a view of Shakespeare 's plays as voicing the concerns of the social elite , insisting Shakespeare be perceived as within the sphere of the ‘ gentleman ’ , a position Patterson powerfully challenges .
annabel patterson 's recent shakespeare and the popular voice , for instance , demonstrates how critical writers in [later] centuries enforced a view of shakespeare 's plays as voicing the concerns of the social elite , insisting shakespeare be perceived as within the sphere of the ‘ gentleman ’ , a position patterson powerfully challenges .

The term New Historicism has come in for considerable hostile criticism both from those who claim that there is nothing particularly new about it and among those who admire new historical methods but feel the term incorrectly suggests a unified theoretical field and subsequent critical practice within a body of critical writing in which much contending diversity exists .
the term new historicism has come in for considerable hostile criticism both from those who claim that there is nothing particularly new about it and among those who admire new historical methods but feel the term incorrectly suggests a unified theoretical field and [later] critical practice within a body of critical writing in which much contending diversity exists .

If Montrose chiastic formulation ( historicity of texts/textuality of history ) suggests an expected critical process which is not balanced but open to intrusions , constant qualification and , in effect , cultural deconstruction , what is more frequently produced is a critical narrative which creates an impression of cultural chiasmus , a balance in which the reciprocal concerns between original cultural embedment and subsequent textual mediations are equally suspended .
if montrose chiastic formulation ( historicity of texts/textuality of history ) suggests an expected critical process which is not balanced but open to intrusions , constant qualification and , in effect , cultural deconstruction , what is more frequently produced is a critical narrative which creates an impression of cultural chiasmus , a balance in which the reciprocal concerns between original cultural embedment and [later] textual mediations are equally suspended .

Subsequent writers re-orient and transform Spenser 's devices to different contexts .
[later] writers re-orient and transform spenser 's devices to different contexts .

Spenser 's texts increase their expressive power within subsequent literary cultures , finding their own power increases by being reflected in later texts which have channelled these Spenserian texts for their own uses .
spenser 's texts increase their expressive power within [later] literary cultures , finding their own power increases by being reflected in later texts which have channelled these spenserian texts for their own uses .

If , on the other hand , the trader ( without the customer having requested him to do so ) has telephoned the customer indicating that he is willing to make a visit , the trader 's subsequent visit will be unsolicited and the Regulations will apply .
if , on the other hand , the trader ( without the customer having requested him to do so ) has telephoned the customer indicating that he is willing to make a visit , the trader 's [later] visit will be unsolicited and the regulations will apply .

There must be a delivery to the subsequent purchaser of the goods or documents of title .
there must be a delivery to the [later] purchaser of the goods or documents of title .

The subsequent purchaser must be ‘ in good faith and without notice of the previous sale . ’
the [later] purchaser must be ‘ in good faith and without notice of the previous sale . ’

For example , it may become necessary to reject information which was initially taken to be reliable and important enough to interpret and organise subsequent information dealing with the same topic .
for example , it may become necessary to reject information which was initially taken to be reliable and important enough to interpret and organise [later] information dealing with the same topic .

Such conflicts may increase the risk of depression but be resolved by a subsequent change in employment status .
such conflicts may increase the risk of depression but be resolved by a [later] change in employment status .

initial and subsequent headteachers and teacher interviews ( 1985- 87 )
initial and [later] headteachers and teacher interviews ( 1985- 87 )

The schoolteacher interview data ( 1a,2a,2b ) was analysed by comparing initial and subsequent interviews .
the schoolteacher interview data ( 1a,2a,2b ) was analysed by comparing initial and [later] interviews .

These are discussed further in subsequent chapters in this section .
these are discussed further in [later] chapters in this section .

The need to insert Electrical Engineering and Nuclear Engineering subsequent to the drafting of the scheme has detracted from the expressiveness of the original version .
the need to insert electrical engineering and nuclear engineering [later] to the drafting of the scheme has detracted from the expressiveness of the original version .

It is made easier to remember by inserting a decimal point after the first three numbers , and by grouping subsequent digits into threes , for example 641.738 423 .
it is made easier to remember by inserting a decimal point after the first three numbers , and by grouping [later] digits into threes , for example 641.738 423 .

In addition , a mechanism for generating added entries under second and subsequent numbers in a combined number must be invented and adopted .
in addition , a mechanism for generating added entries under second and [later] numbers in a combined number must be invented and adopted .

Such lists aid access to second and subsequent words in terms .
such lists aid access to second and [later] words in terms .

Moreover , the material upon which he had to work was that of the early stages of industrial capitalism and of the working-class political movement , so that in any case it would be essential to review his theory in the light of subsequent historical experience .
moreover , the material upon which he had to work was that of the early stages of industrial capitalism and of the working-class political movement , so that in any case it would be essential to review his theory in the light of [later] historical experience .

But the Russian Revolution of 1917 and the subsequent development of Soviet society produced an emphasis upon another strand in Marxist thought about the transition to socialism ( one which had not hitherto been given much prominence ) involving the idea of the ‘ dictatorship of the proletariat ’ ; and in the specific conditions prevailing in Russia , which differed entirely from those in Western Europe , this soon evolved in practice into the dictatorship of the Bolshevik party , then the dictatorship of the party 's central committee , and finally the dictatorship of a single individual .
but the russian revolution of 1917 and the [later] development of soviet society produced an emphasis upon another strand in marxist thought about the transition to socialism ( one which had not hitherto been given much prominence ) involving the idea of the ‘ dictatorship of the proletariat ’ ; and in the specific conditions prevailing in russia , which differed entirely from those in western europe , this soon evolved in practice into the dictatorship of the bolshevik party , then the dictatorship of the party 's central committee , and finally the dictatorship of a single individual .

The distinction between a movement and a party , or other organized group , is shown also by the fact that large-scale movements tend to produce within themselves a variety of more or less directly political groups , as did the nineteenth-century labour movement ; and the subsequent course of political action has then to be understood partly in terms of the relation between the broader movement and the various organized groups .
the distinction between a movement and a party , or other organized group , is shown also by the fact that large-scale movements tend to produce within themselves a variety of more or less directly political groups , as did the nineteenth-century labour movement ; and the [later] course of political action has then to be understood partly in terms of the relation between the broader movement and the various organized groups .

In those societies where the third estate was initially weak — and during its subsequent development in the nineteenth century became more clearly divided into distinct classes — the bourgeoisie , already threatened by the labour movement , embraced a more conservative type of nationalism , and the creation of a modern nation state based upon the capitalist mode of production was accomplished in a more authoritarian fashion by what has been called a ‘ revolution from above ’ ( Moore , 1967 ) .
in those societies where the third estate was initially weak — and during its [later] development in the nineteenth century became more clearly divided into distinct classes — the bourgeoisie , already threatened by the labour movement , embraced a more conservative type of nationalism , and the creation of a modern nation state based upon the capitalist mode of production was accomplished in a more authoritarian fashion by what has been called a ‘ revolution from above ’ ( moore , 1967 ) .

It had all happened so long ago , and she had found a successful career for herself in radio anyway , despite Luke 's having caused her to be dismissed from that first job back in South Africa and the subsequent need to abandon her Communications course , and as he himself had pointed out — oh , as she herself had always known deep down , hence her long-ago guilt — she had chosen to leave Johannesburg when her father was dying .
it had all happened so long ago , and she had found a successful career for herself in radio anyway , despite luke 's having caused her to be dismissed from that first job back in south africa and the [later] need to abandon her communications course , and as he himself had pointed out — oh , as she herself had always known deep down , hence her long-ago guilt — she had chosen to leave johannesburg when her father was dying .

The immediate first-round effects are often offset by subsequent adjustments ; and to know the full impact of a tax , one needs to trace through all its consequences .
the immediate first-round effects are often offset by [later] adjustments ; and to know the full impact of a tax , one needs to trace through all its consequences .

In the subsequent analysis , we sidestep these issues and assume that the government only issues short-term bonds paying the going rate of interest .
in the [later] analysis , we sidestep these issues and assume that the government only issues short-term bonds paying the going rate of interest .

Where debt finance is used , each generation takes account of the reduction in subsequent utilities caused by the taxes necessary to finance the debt , and increases its bequest .
where debt finance is used , each generation takes account of the reduction in [later] utilities caused by the taxes necessary to finance the debt , and increases its bequest .

Where the savings rate is high , a large proportion of windfall gains is passed on to subsequent generations whose expected gains are lower .
where the savings rate is high , a large proportion of windfall gains is passed on to [later] generations whose expected gains are lower .

If there were any subsequent ones , she had clearly felt them to be too revealing , too pathetic , or conceivably too shrill in tone to be shared even with Mr Kronweiser .
if there were any [later] ones , she had clearly felt them to be too revealing , too pathetic , or conceivably too shrill in tone to be shared even with mr kronweiser .

But this implies that a single random increase in aggregate demand in the current period can set up a serially correlated movement or boom in real output over a number of subsequent periods .
but this implies that a single random increase in aggregate demand in the current period can set up a serially correlated movement or boom in real output over a number of [later] periods .

Because of the historical importance of these papers we devote most of this chapter to them , and to the subsequent empirical research which has either corroborated or extended their results .
because of the historical importance of these papers we devote most of this chapter to them , and to the [later] empirical research which has either corroborated or extended their results .

In subsequent papers Barro ( Barro , 1978a ; Barro and Rush , 1980 ) extended the analysis in two directions .
in [later] papers barro ( barro , 1978a ; barro and rush , 1980 ) extended the analysis in two directions .

If , on the other hand , it is continuously generated in a flowing system — gas or liquid travelling at a uniform rate down a tube — its subsequent decay establishes steady-state concentrations at points down-stream from the region of generation .
if , on the other hand , it is continuously generated in a flowing system — gas or liquid travelling at a uniform rate down a tube — its [later] decay establishes steady-state concentrations at points down-stream from the region of generation .

Recently the use of photolysis in matrices with plane polarized light and the subsequent recording of the polarized infrared spectra of the products has given important additional information about the structures of unstable intermediates .
recently the use of photolysis in matrices with plane polarized light and the [later] recording of the polarized infrared spectra of the products has given important additional information about the structures of unstable intermediates .

Means and standard deviations of the variables used in the subsequent analyses are presented in Table 1 .
means and standard deviations of the variables used in the [later] analyses are presented in table 1 .

Subsequent to 1981 there is a marked upward rise in the stock , with particularly sharp growth after 1984 .
[later] to 1981 there is a marked upward rise in the stock , with particularly sharp growth after 1984 .

If identification of misplaced samples can not be completed with certainty at this stage the samples have little value for subsequent analysis and should be discarded .
if identification of misplaced samples can not be completed with certainty at this stage the samples have little value for [later] analysis and should be discarded .

Modification of the fluids through washing thus not only changes the salt concentrations , but may also induce separation or aggregation of the particles , so that subsequent size analysis may not indicate the natural interrelationship between the particles during deposition or achieved since .
modification of the fluids through washing thus not only changes the salt concentrations , but may also induce separation or aggregation of the particles , so that [later] size analysis may not indicate the natural interrelationship between the particles during deposition or achieved since .

In each of the subsequent moment calculations the difference is raised to higher powers .
in each of the [later] moment calculations the difference is raised to higher powers .

This energy related universal relationship has been confirmed by many subsequent studies .
this energy related universal relationship has been confirmed by many [later] studies .

Careful selection of critical areas for sectioning saves time and expense , and allows subsequent petrographic study to be based on knowledge of the section 's context .
careful selection of critical areas for sectioning saves time and expense , and allows [later] petrographic study to be based on knowledge of the section 's context .

Several slices or plaquettes may be cut , which can be examined separately ( see Section 4.2 ) or used as a back-up , should there be a failure at some subsequent stage in the section-making process .
several slices or plaquettes may be cut , which can be examined separately ( see section 4.2 ) or used as a back-up , should there be a failure at some [later] stage in the section-making process .

Extra liquid exuding from the far edge can be evaporated away quickly by blowing across the specimen ; this avoids wrinkling at the edge of the film , which would make it difficult to flatten the peel for subsequent study .
extra liquid exuding from the far edge can be evaporated away quickly by blowing across the specimen ; this avoids wrinkling at the edge of the film , which would make it difficult to flatten the peel for [later] study .

Before cementation , compaction takes place dominantly by mechanical processes , with slippage between individual grains , grain reorientation and subsequent fracture of some grains .
before cementation , compaction takes place dominantly by mechanical processes , with slippage between individual grains , grain reorientation and [later] fracture of some grains .

Mechanical compaction and brittle failure may also take place after cementation , both as a result of shrinkage , expansion , and subsequent fracturing beneath a soil zone ( Fig .
mechanical compaction and brittle failure may also take place after cementation , both as a result of shrinkage , expansion , and [later] fracturing beneath a soil zone ( fig .

It is , however , more difficult to envisage the formation of a substantial amount of secondary porosity followed by fracturing during deep burial ; this may necessitate a reduction in hydrostatic pressure ( perhaps a relaxation of overpressuring ) , a change in pore fluid chemistry ( cessation of secondary porosity formation ) allowing subsequent fracture , or slight tectonic movement .
it is , however , more difficult to envisage the formation of a substantial amount of secondary porosity followed by fracturing during deep burial ; this may necessitate a reduction in hydrostatic pressure ( perhaps a relaxation of overpressuring ) , a change in pore fluid chemistry ( cessation of secondary porosity formation ) allowing [later] fracture , or slight tectonic movement .

Little research has yet been carried out on controls of brittle fracture within the subsurface , although Bj rlykke ( 1983 ) attributed cement dissolution ( and consequent secondary porosity generation ) to overpressuring , with subsequent cementation in the overlying strata a consequence of pressure release .
little research has yet been carried out on controls of brittle fracture within the subsurface , although bj rlykke ( 1983 ) attributed cement dissolution ( and consequent secondary porosity generation ) to overpressuring , with [later] cementation in the overlying strata a consequence of pressure release .

In addition , subsequent collapse of grain coatings , whether original or produced by earlier diagenetic alteration , may occur ( Fig .
in addition , [later] collapse of grain coatings , whether original or produced by earlier diagenetic alteration , may occur ( fig .

5.36 ( d ) , where selective dissolution of some ooids , together with subsequent brittle collapse of the supporting framework , has formed an interconnecting fracture porosity .
5.36 ( d ) , where selective dissolution of some ooids , together with [later] brittle collapse of the supporting framework , has formed an interconnecting fracture porosity .

On subsequent decay to the resting state , photons are emitted and luminescence occurs .
on [later] decay to the resting state , photons are emitted and luminescence occurs .

She seemed more interested in Willy 's student days than his subsequent misfortunes .
she seemed more interested in willy 's student days than his [later] misfortunes .

Pressed by Harry to tell what he knew of his fellow Tyrrellians ' subsequent careers , Ockleton had covered familiar ground where Dysart and Morpurgo were concerned .
pressed by harry to tell what he knew of his fellow tyrrellians ' [later] careers , ockleton had covered familiar ground where dysart and morpurgo were concerned .

Speaking at the University of Loughborough in October 1986 , the Governor of the Bank of England explained it as the outcome of ‘ deregulation ’ and subsequent ‘ structural changes ’ in financial markets .
speaking at the university of loughborough in october 1986 , the governor of the bank of england explained it as the outcome of ‘ deregulation ’ and [later] ‘ structural changes ’ in financial markets .

Thus , the Act itself establishes only a skeleton structure for the national curriculum and its assessment , empowering the Secretary of State to decide most of the substance in subsequent Orders .
thus , the act itself establishes only a skeleton structure for the national curriculum and its assessment , empowering the secretary of state to decide most of the substance in [later] orders .

at 7,11 , 14 and 16 ) ; at the first stage , the assessment will be in the three core subjects , but at subsequent stages , it will be in all the foundation subjects .
at 7,11 , 14 and 16 ) ; at the first stage , the assessment will be in the three core subjects , but at [later] stages , it will be in all the foundation subjects .

This Hawking radiation has its origin in a quantum effect hitherto neglected in the previous discussion of black holes , namely that the vacuum is in a state of constant activity because of the creation and subsequent annihilation of particle-anti-particle pairs .
this hawking radiation has its origin in a quantum effect hitherto neglected in the previous discussion of black holes , namely that the vacuum is in a state of constant activity because of the creation and [later] annihilation of particle-anti-particle pairs .

At first Folly had thought of reversing the roles , nervously picturing the arrival of a furious Luke , and the subsequent scene .
at first folly had thought of reversing the roles , nervously picturing the arrival of a furious luke , and the [later] scene .

, in the place of ‘ the breaking of the wall ’ ) enhance the impression that these subsequent events are already a fait accompli at the time of the rape .
, in the place of ‘ the breaking of the wall ’ ) enhance the impression that these [later] events are already a fait accompli at the time of the rape .

Subsequent sections of this article explore , in turn , assessment for teaching , selection , evaluation and curriculum control .
[later] sections of this article explore , in turn , assessment for teaching , selection , evaluation and curriculum control .

Having passed from the Mediterranean to the Indus without attracting the attention of a single government official , Battuta , like so many subsequent travellers , crossed the Indian frontier only to find himself caught up in an impenetrable web of bureaucracy : no sooner had they set foot on the east bank of the Indus than intelligence officials ‘ wrote to Delhi informing the king of our arrival and giving him all the details concerning us .
having passed from the mediterranean to the indus without attracting the attention of a single government official , battuta , like so many [later] travellers , crossed the indian frontier only to find himself caught up in an impenetrable web of bureaucracy : no sooner had they set foot on the east bank of the indus than intelligence officials ‘ wrote to delhi informing the king of our arrival and giving him all the details concerning us .

Nicols , Winch and Hobart held that the action was well laid because it was alleged that there was a request before the endeavour was made and where there is such a precedent request , a subsequent assumpsit after the execution of the consideration is binding .
nicols , winch and hobart held that the action was well laid because it was alleged that there was a request before the endeavour was made and where there is such a precedent request , a [later] assumpsit after the execution of the consideration is binding .

Would every ‘ past service ’ raise an implication that it was to be paid for , so as to allow action on a subsequent promise of payment ?
would every ‘ past service ’ raise an implication that it was to be paid for , so as to allow action on a [later] promise of payment ?

The Board held that , on the somewhat complex facts of the particular case , it mattered not whether the subsequent promise was regarded as the best evidence of the benefit intended to be conferred or as the positive bargain , the benefit on the faith of which the promise was given .
the board held that , on the somewhat complex facts of the particular case , it mattered not whether the [later] promise was regarded as the best evidence of the benefit intended to be conferred or as the positive bargain , the benefit on the faith of which the promise was given .

And it was objected , in arrest of judgment , that the precedent executed consideration was insufficient to support the subsequent promise .
and it was objected , in arrest of judgment , that the precedent executed consideration was insufficient to support the [later] promise .

that past consideration is no consideration ) is frequently evaded by means of the fiction that the promise made subsequent to the consideration merely fixes the amount due under an earlier promise deemed to exist contemporaneously with the consideration .
that past consideration is no consideration ) is frequently evaded by means of the fiction that the promise made [later] to the consideration merely fixes the amount due under an earlier promise deemed to exist contemporaneously with the consideration .

Plea that the note was given to secure the loan ; that , subsequent to the loan and the giving of the note , the defendant had complained to John Bluett that he had not received equal favourable treatment with John Bluett 's other children ; that John Bluett had conceded the truth of these complaints and agreed with the defendant that , in consideration that the defendant should cease his complaints and also out of his natural love and affection for the defendant , he would discharge the defendant from all liability in respect of the loan and the note .
plea that the note was given to secure the loan ; that , [later] to the loan and the giving of the note , the defendant had complained to john bluett that he had not received equal favourable treatment with john bluett 's other children ; that john bluett had conceded the truth of these complaints and agreed with the defendant that , in consideration that the defendant should cease his complaints and also out of his natural love and affection for the defendant , he would discharge the defendant from all liability in respect of the loan and the note .

Averment that everything necessary happened to entitle the plaintiff to have the said testator pay to him eighteen of the yearly sums of £150 and that the time therefore elapsed after he had married Ellen Nicholl and during the testator 's lifetime and that plaintiffs annual income from his profession as a Chancery barrister never amounted to 600 guineas ; that the testator paid 12 of the 18 annual sums and part of the thirteenth but that the residue of that and the 5 subsequent instalments were due and unpaid .
averment that everything necessary happened to entitle the plaintiff to have the said testator pay to him eighteen of the yearly sums of £150 and that the time therefore elapsed after he had married ellen nicholl and during the testator 's lifetime and that plaintiffs annual income from his profession as a chancery barrister never amounted to 600 guineas ; that the testator paid 12 of the 18 annual sums and part of the thirteenth but that the residue of that and the 5 [later] instalments were due and unpaid .

in instalments payable subsequent to the 12th February , 1973 .
in instalments payable [later] to the 12th february , 1973 .

Two overlapping strands can be identified in the progress in the subsequent years in developing machinery to assist this process ( Salter and Tapper ; 1981 ; Kelly 1982 ) .
two overlapping strands can be identified in the progress in the [later] years in developing machinery to assist this process ( salter and tapper ; 1981 ; kelly 1982 ) .

Awareness of the need for concern with the mechanisms of dissemination was strengthened by two subsequent reports .
awareness of the need for concern with the mechanisms of dissemination was strengthened by two [later] reports .

Subsequent to the analysis by teachers of the four most popular titles , with the exception of Animal Farm , the writer completed a checklist for each of the remaining eighteen texts so that all twenty-two class readers in use in four or more of the schools were included in the analysis .
[later] to the analysis by teachers of the four most popular titles , with the exception of animal farm , the writer completed a checklist for each of the remaining eighteen texts so that all twenty-two class readers in use in four or more of the schools were included in the analysis .

However , subsequent remarks suggested that this type of analysis did take place , but not in any formalized fashion .
however , [later] remarks suggested that this type of analysis did take place , but not in any formalized fashion .

Emilia 's subsequent ill-temper spent itself on the domestic staff , and she interpreted his own efforts to placate the ruffled servants as treachery .
emilia 's [later] ill-temper spent itself on the domestic staff , and she interpreted his own efforts to placate the ruffled servants as treachery .

It is still difficult to assess accurately what effect the Roman Conquest and the subsequent period of Roman occupation had on the development of the landscape .
it is still difficult to assess accurately what effect the roman conquest and the [later] period of roman occupation had on the development of the landscape .

The Black Death and subsequent outbreaks of the plague account for the smallest number of desertions , despite all the local traditions .
the black death and [later] outbreaks of the plague account for the smallest number of desertions , despite all the local traditions .

On the question of enforcement ; if a bus lane is infringed by a parked vehicle , the value of the lane is severely curtailed and a lot of people ( the passengers ; and subsequent passengers , if the bus is made late ) are inconvenienced .
on the question of enforcement ; if a bus lane is infringed by a parked vehicle , the value of the lane is severely curtailed and a lot of people ( the passengers ; and [later] passengers , if the bus is made late ) are inconvenienced .

Much subsequent historiography has been in the nature of post-mortem investigation .
much [later] historiography has been in the nature of post-mortem investigation .

Victory meant , conversely , that in all the negotiations of the subsequent two years , Charles 's claims to Aquitaine were never in dispute .
victory meant , conversely , that in all the negotiations of the [later] two years , charles 's claims to aquitaine were never in dispute .

Such appeals , fairly consistently spread over the twenty-seven years of her subsequent married life , constitute indirect evidence of an untroubled personal relationship with Charles .
such appeals , fairly consistently spread over the twenty-seven years of her [later] married life , constitute indirect evidence of an untroubled personal relationship with charles .

The Parish Council are very disturbed by the decisions that would appear to have been made about the sale and subsequent development of this small area of open land and more especially by the tactics used by the Land and Properties Sub-Committee and the apparent collusion with the Planning Department to keep the Parish Council , and therefore the local people , in the dark about what is going on .
the parish council are very disturbed by the decisions that would appear to have been made about the sale and [later] development of this small area of open land and more especially by the tactics used by the land and properties sub-committee and the apparent collusion with the planning department to keep the parish council , and therefore the local people , in the dark about what is going on .

The subsequent connection between a teacher 's self-evaluation and the head 's view of performance is a normal , if delicate , part of internal management .
the [later] connection between a teacher 's self-evaluation and the head 's view of performance is a normal , if delicate , part of internal management .

The Spanish Civil War was the result of the collapse of political and social coexistence among Spaniards ; and , in turn , fashioned subsequent political developments , inside each of the opposing war zones which emerged in the summer of 1936 , between them , and between them and the outside world .
the spanish civil war was the result of the collapse of political and social coexistence among spaniards ; and , in turn , fashioned [later] political developments , inside each of the opposing war zones which emerged in the summer of 1936 , between them , and between them and the outside world .

All subsequent communications about overseas visitors itineraries to be conducted with Coordinators only .
all [later] communications about overseas visitors itineraries to be conducted with coordinators only .

follow-up of ex-students ' employment destinations and career progression subsequent to education and training .
follow-up of ex-students ' employment destinations and career progression [later] to education and training .

The successful undertaking of subsequent investigations by the student will depend on the extent to which this type of investigative approach has been fostered .
the successful undertaking of [later] investigations by the student will depend on the extent to which this type of investigative approach has been fostered .

In February 1989 the proposed new terms and conditions were outlined by letter to staff and , after subsequent fruitless negotiations with the unions , in April 1989 a notice was sent informing the employees that the changes would be discussed with them , that they would be given a reasonable time to consider the new contracts and that they would be dismissed if they did not accept them .
in february 1989 the proposed new terms and conditions were outlined by letter to staff and , after [later] fruitless negotiations with the unions , in april 1989 a notice was sent informing the employees that the changes would be discussed with them , that they would be given a reasonable time to consider the new contracts and that they would be dismissed if they did not accept them .

Moreover , although Rask was concerned with the initial decision to contract out , what the Court says seems equally applicable to any subsequent transfer of the function to another sub-contractor .
moreover , although rask was concerned with the initial decision to contract out , what the court says seems equally applicable to any [later] transfer of the function to another sub-contractor .

Billeting allowances were available to cover the cost of hosting an evacuee ( for unaccompanied children , 10s 6d per week for the first child , 8s 6d each for subsequent children ) and billeting officers had powers of compulsion to utilise appropriate accommodation , but most , being from the locality themselves , preferred to ruffle as few feathers as possible — with the result that on arrival many evacuees found themselves in a scene ‘ reminiscent of a cross between an early Roman slave market and Selfridge 's bargain basement ’ , as one witness put it .
billeting allowances were available to cover the cost of hosting an evacuee ( for unaccompanied children , 10s 6d per week for the first child , 8s 6d each for [later] children ) and billeting officers had powers of compulsion to utilise appropriate accommodation , but most , being from the locality themselves , preferred to ruffle as few feathers as possible — with the result that on arrival many evacuees found themselves in a scene ‘ reminiscent of a cross between an early roman slave market and selfridge 's bargain basement ’ , as one witness put it .

The ideology of merit as the criterion of access to secondary education and its subsequent social and economic rewards was well entrenched by the time of the outbreak of war , as were the mechanics of separation into two distinct types of education .
the ideology of merit as the criterion of access to secondary education and its [later] social and economic rewards was well entrenched by the time of the outbreak of war , as were the mechanics of separation into two distinct types of education .

At the subsequent party conference the National Executive made a point of reasserting its adherence to the electoral truce .
at the [later] party conference the national executive made a point of reasserting its adherence to the electoral truce .

Indeed , the redistribution of boundaries that took place in 1948 was reckoned in the subsequent elections to have cost the Labour Party between twenty and forty seats .
indeed , the redistribution of boundaries that took place in 1948 was reckoned in the [later] elections to have cost the labour party between twenty and forty seats .

This thesis explores the relationship between subjective risk when driving and drivers ’ subsequent memory for everyday driving situations .
this thesis explores the relationship between subjective risk when driving and drivers ’ [later] memory for everyday driving situations .

Although this research has largely been conducted with the intention of studying perception rather than memory , the frequent use of recall tests gives some insight into the overall levels of memory performance and the possible dissociations between initial perception of road signs and subsequent memory for them .
although this research has largely been conducted with the intention of studying perception rather than memory , the frequent use of recall tests gives some insight into the overall levels of memory performance and the possible dissociations between initial perception of road signs and [later] memory for them .

Although the overall levels of recall in this study are relatively uninformative because the subjects knew that there would be subsequent memory questions , the dissociation between fixation and recall strengthens Summala and Hietamiki 's claim that low levels of recall are not necessarily a result of failures of perception .
although the overall levels of recall in this study are relatively uninformative because the subjects knew that there would be [later] memory questions , the dissociation between fixation and recall strengthens summala and hietamiki 's claim that low levels of recall are not necessarily a result of failures of perception .

There is often relatively poor agreement between different witnesses ’ accounts of the accident and where an objective record of an event is available dramatic discrepancies between subsequent descriptions and the recorded event have often been found ( Egberink , Stoop & Poppe , 1988 ; Humphreys , 1981 ) .
there is often relatively poor agreement between different witnesses ’ accounts of the accident and where an objective record of an event is available dramatic discrepancies between [later] descriptions and the recorded event have often been found ( egberink , stoop & poppe , 1988 ; humphreys , 1981 ) .

In the more general field of eyewitness testimony there is a very substantial literature about the effects of such arousal on subsequent memory , this area will be reviewed in Chapter 2 .
in the more general field of eyewitness testimony there is a very substantial literature about the effects of such arousal on [later] memory , this area will be reviewed in chapter 2 .

This awareness of risks and subsequent action to lessen them has been labelled risk compensation ( e.g .
this awareness of risks and [later] action to lessen them has been labelled risk compensation ( e.g .

Risk estimates certainly appear to be relatively malleable , there is evidence that increasing the availability in memory of risk-related information alters people 's subsequent assessments of risk both for the overall frequency of lethal events ( Lichtenstein et al .
risk estimates certainly appear to be relatively malleable , there is evidence that increasing the availability in memory of risk-related information alters people 's [later] assessments of risk both for the overall frequency of lethal events ( lichtenstein et al .

Although there is to the author 's knowledge no previous research which has investigated relationships between subjective risk when driving and subsequent memory for driving situations , there have been numerous studies which consider the influences on memory of constructs such as mood , arousal or stress .
although there is to the author 's knowledge no previous research which has investigated relationships between subjective risk when driving and [later] memory for driving situations , there have been numerous studies which consider the influences on memory of constructs such as mood , arousal or stress .

In his 1991 paper he reviews subsequent studies and states that ‘ there seems little reason to alter this interpretation at present ’ ( Deffenbacher , 1991 , p.388 ) .
in his 1991 paper he reviews [later] studies and states that ‘ there seems little reason to alter this interpretation at present ’ ( deffenbacher , 1991 , p.388 ) .

Subjective Risk and Subsequent Recall
subjective risk and [later] recall

Many of the variables which may be related to subjective risk may also be related to subsequent recall of situations .
many of the variables which may be related to subjective risk may also be related to [later] recall of situations .

3 . Is subjective risk when driving related to subsequent recall ?
3 . is subjective risk when driving related to [later] recall ?

Drivers were asked to give the risk rating immediately they heard the tone and it was emphasized that this rating should be one of what they were already feeling when they heard the tone rather than a subsequent assessment of the risk present .
drivers were asked to give the risk rating immediately they heard the tone and it was emphasized that this rating should be one of what they were already feeling when they heard the tone rather than a [later] assessment of the risk present .

The most interesting relationship in the data is the relatively high correlation between risk ratings and subsequent recall and it is worth investigating this in more detail .
the most interesting relationship in the data is the relatively high correlation between risk ratings and [later] recall and it is worth investigating this in more detail .

This seems to imply that drivers ’ ratings of subjective risk are related to their subsequent recall of junctions in a way that is at least partially independent of the actual amount of traffic present and their assessment of the likelihood of accidents at the junction in other circumstances .
this seems to imply that drivers ’ ratings of subjective risk are related to their [later] recall of junctions in a way that is at least partially independent of the actual amount of traffic present and their assessment of the likelihood of accidents at the junction in other circumstances .

However , the most striking result is the relationship between the ratings of subjective risk themselves and the subsequent probability of recall .
however , the most striking result is the relationship between the ratings of subjective risk themselves and the [later] probability of recall .

There appears to be some evidence that the relationship between ratings of subjective risk and the probability of subsequent recall is not linear .
there appears to be some evidence that the relationship between ratings of subjective risk and the probability of [later] recall is not linear .

The other two subject variables of interest were collected in a subsequent experiment and were thus available for only 25 of the subjects from this study .
the other two subject variables of interest were collected in a [later] experiment and were thus available for only 25 of the subjects from this study .

If subjects rated these junctions as relatively low on accident estimates then the types of transfer bias which Poulton ( 1989 , p.238 ) describes could have caused the first few low judgments to inflate subsequent ones .
if subjects rated these junctions as relatively low on accident estimates then the types of transfer bias which poulton ( 1989 , p.238 ) describes could have caused the first few low judgments to inflate [later] ones .

This meant that even the more suspicious members of the Applied Psychology Unit 's general subject panel who took part in later studies appeared to be genuinely surprised when they were given subsequent memory tests .
this meant that even the more suspicious members of the applied psychology unit 's general subject panel who took part in later studies appeared to be genuinely surprised when they were given [later] memory tests .

In this and subsequent studies seven point scales replace the previous 20 point scale .
in this and [later] studies seven point scales replace the previous 20 point scale .

When a subsequent judgment study ( Groeger & Chapman , in preparation b ) was designed which used the same films as Study 4 , the opportunity was taken to include questions about the amount of fixed and variable information in the stimuli .
when a [later] judgment study ( groeger & chapman , in preparation b ) was designed which used the same films as study 4 , the opportunity was taken to include questions about the amount of fixed and variable information in the stimuli .

Data on these stimuli are also available from a subsequent study using a series of rating scales ( Groeger & Chapman , in preparation b ) .
data on these stimuli are also available from a [later] study using a series of rating scales ( groeger & chapman , in preparation b ) .

In Studies 2 and 3 there was evidence that this effect actually reversed for generally non-risky junctions and subjective risk in the judgment phase actually reduced subsequent recognition sensitivity .
in studies 2 and 3 there was evidence that this effect actually reversed for generally non-risky junctions and subjective risk in the judgment phase actually reduced [later] recognition sensitivity .

Three subsequent laboratory studies , however , have failed to show any overall improvement in recognition sensitivity for films which were given high risk ratings .
three [later] laboratory studies , however , have failed to show any overall improvement in recognition sensitivity for films which were given high risk ratings .

For the subsequent judgment task the films were presented in their entirety with an audible tone recorded at the moment the car passed through the centre of the junction .
for the [later] judgment task the films were presented in their entirety with an audible tone recorded at the moment the car passed through the centre of the junction .

In the Group Chief Executive 's Review you will find them discussed more fully , and in subsequent pages we report on the progress being made toward them by each of our businesses .
in the group chief executive 's review you will find them discussed more fully , and in [later] pages we report on the progress being made toward them by each of our businesses .

For any subsequent amendments to these particulars , please refer to the agreements mentioned in this paragraph .
for any [later] amendments to these particulars , please refer to the agreements mentioned in this paragraph .

Wimpey joined forces with Taylor Woodrow and Amec to form the Kuwaiti British Fire Group and the consortium successfully completed a major contract for damage assessment and subsequent refurbishment of two oil fields .
wimpey joined forces with taylor woodrow and amec to form the kuwaiti british fire group and the consortium successfully completed a major contract for damage assessment and [later] refurbishment of two oil fields .

Against this , it is arguable that one can feel the sense of waiting and subsequent satisfaction only when there is some expected framework , and the framework for language has no obvious parallels with non-linguistic ones ; so we do have one autonomous characteristic of language , even if all the others — equation of two elements , instantiation of one element by another , and so on — are part of the much more general perceptual and conceptual apparatus of human beings .
against this , it is arguable that one can feel the sense of waiting and [later] satisfaction only when there is some expected framework , and the framework for language has no obvious parallels with non-linguistic ones ; so we do have one autonomous characteristic of language , even if all the others — equation of two elements , instantiation of one element by another , and so on — are part of the much more general perceptual and conceptual apparatus of human beings .

Its failure and Philip 's subsequent marriage in 1196 to Agnes daughter of the count of Meran — a Rhinelander and supporter of Philip of Swabia after 1198 — had accounted for the presence of a legate in France at Innocent 's accession .
its failure and philip 's [later] marriage in 1196 to agnes daughter of the count of meran — a rhinelander and supporter of philip of swabia after 1198 — had accounted for the presence of a legate in france at innocent 's accession .

The canon law held that the subsequent marriage between two parties , if valid , legitimized the children .
the canon law held that the [later] marriage between two parties , if valid , legitimized the children .

This author 's subsequent papers made no mention of Scotland , but made use of techniques developed during the course of his fieldwork .
this author 's [later] papers made no mention of scotland , but made use of techniques developed during the course of his fieldwork .

Subsequent use of the theses was unsupervised , and it appeared that enforcement of the regulations was not a high priority .
[later] use of the theses was unsupervised , and it appeared that enforcement of the regulations was not a high priority .

Re-mapping of economically important areas was carried out during and after the War , and much of the subsequent work has had an economic focus , restricted in the main to the highly populated Midland Valley of Scotland , which , perhaps not surprisingly , contains the country 's major economic mineral deposits — coal , oil-shale , fireclay , and bulk minerals , such as roadstone , building stone , limestone for cement and agriculture .
re-mapping of economically important areas was carried out during and after the war , and much of the [later] work has had an economic focus , restricted in the main to the highly populated midland valley of scotland , which , perhaps not surprisingly , contains the country 's major economic mineral deposits — coal , oil-shale , fireclay , and bulk minerals , such as roadstone , building stone , limestone for cement and agriculture .

Confirmation of influence is provided by subsequent citation of that paper .
confirmation of influence is provided by [later] citation of that paper .

Theory is subsequent to the collection of data or facts about the world , even when the data are being used to test theoretically derived hypotheses .
theory is [later] to the collection of data or facts about the world , even when the data are being used to test theoretically derived hypotheses .

Subsequent research will then be devoted to determining its range of applicability and subjecting it to still further tests .
[later] research will then be devoted to determining its range of applicability and subjecting it to still further tests .

These had a major impact in Britain and elsewhere and form the beginning of subsequent studies .
these had a major impact in britain and elsewhere and form the beginning of [later] studies .

Following Gandhi 's assassination on May 21 , the subsequent rounds of voting were postponed .
following gandhi 's assassination on may 21 , the [later] rounds of voting were postponed .

During 1992 the Andean Pact countries would adopt a joint tariff policy for trade with the rest of the world , and subsequent measures of integration would include joint export promotion , equal commercial aviation rights and access to airport facilities , reforms of state administration and the encouragement of foreign investment .
during 1992 the andean pact countries would adopt a joint tariff policy for trade with the rest of the world , and [later] measures of integration would include joint export promotion , equal commercial aviation rights and access to airport facilities , reforms of state administration and the encouragement of foreign investment .

Constitutional changes enacted in 1990 included the separation of the administrative and professional functions of the office of Attorney General , and the subsequent appointment in September of the territory 's first Solicitor General , Anthony Smellie , a Jamaican born barrister .
constitutional changes enacted in 1990 included the separation of the administrative and professional functions of the office of attorney general , and the [later] appointment in september of the territory 's first solicitor general , anthony smellie , a jamaican born barrister .

Two subsequent meetings at Bkirki on Aug. 10 and 18 were attended by representatives of the Phalangist Party ( al-Kataeb , led by Georges Saadeh ) , the Bloc National ( led by Raymond Eddé , the National Liberal Party ( led by Dory Chamoun ; and the Lebanese Forces ( of Samir Geagea ) .
two [later] meetings at bkirki on aug. 10 and 18 were attended by representatives of the phalangist party ( al-kataeb , led by georges saadeh ) , the bloc national ( led by raymond eddé , the national liberal party ( led by dory chamoun ; and the lebanese forces ( of samir geagea ) .

The Ukrainian Cabinet had allocated 350 million roubles to support the fleet for the subsequent three months , according to a report of Jan. 15 .
the ukrainian cabinet had allocated 350 million roubles to support the fleet for the [later] three months , according to a report of jan. 15 .

Subsequent reports put the numbers of dead and wounded far higher , the opposition daily Madagascar Tribune claiming that 138 people had been killed by the guard , and that , in addition , 40 to 80 corpses had been found in a mass grave .
[later] reports put the numbers of dead and wounded far higher , the opposition daily madagascar tribune claiming that 138 people had been killed by the guard , and that , in addition , 40 to 80 corpses had been found in a mass grave .

Aug. 2 , the anniversary of the Iraqi invasion of Kuwait , was marked by a broadcast by Iraqi President Saddam Hussein in which he described the Iraqis as the true victors in the subsequent war , on the grounds that Iraq had not backed down in the face of the enormous odds against it .
aug. 2 , the anniversary of the iraqi invasion of kuwait , was marked by a broadcast by iraqi president saddam hussein in which he described the iraqis as the true victors in the [later] war , on the grounds that iraq had not backed down in the face of the enormous odds against it .

There was concern in some quarters that the resort to force would reduce the prospect of the peaceful resolution of subsequent international disputes by means of economic sanctions .
there was concern in some quarters that the resort to force would reduce the prospect of the peaceful resolution of [later] international disputes by means of economic sanctions .

[ For imprisonment of Madani and Belhadj and subsequent demands for political prisoner status see pp .
[ for imprisonment of madani and belhadj and [later] demands for political prisoner status see pp .

[ His ( seventh ) visit to the region , and meetings on Sept. 16-20 , will be covered in a subsequent report dealing with the lead-up to the conference . ]
[ his ( seventh ) visit to the region , and meetings on sept. 16-20 , will be covered in a [later] report dealing with the lead-up to the conference . ]

The result of the Bundestag election , which had been an affirmation of unification rather than an orthodox contest between the governing parties and the opposition , was not a good guide to subsequent Land election results .
the result of the bundestag election , which had been an affirmation of unification rather than an orthodox contest between the governing parties and the opposition , was not a good guide to [later] land election results .

The Republic of Portugal , declared in 1910 , experienced a series of coups and authoritarian regimes in subsequent decades .
the republic of portugal , declared in 1910 , experienced a series of coups and authoritarian regimes in [later] decades .

According to a report by the Ligue ivorienne des droits de l'homme ( Lidho ) , 19 students were seriously hurt ; The authorities denied subsequent newspaper reports that four had been killed .
according to a report by the ligue ivorienne des droits de l'homme ( lidho ) , 19 students were seriously hurt ; the authorities denied [later] newspaper reports that four had been killed .

Details of the six state Legislative Assembly elections held in May and June are shown below with information about subsequent leadership changes .
details of the six state legislative assembly elections held in may and june are shown below with information about [later] leadership changes .

In a subsequent vote to overturn the veto , the House fell six votes short of the necessary two-thirds majority , with 260 votes for and 138 votes against .
in a [later] vote to overturn the veto , the house fell six votes short of the necessary two-thirds majority , with 260 votes for and 138 votes against .

Reduced sentences could also be given to those who confessed to any subsequent crimes .
reduced sentences could also be given to those who confessed to any [later] crimes .

The clashes followed the arrest and subsequent death in police custody of a 17-year-old youth accused of committing a crime .
the clashes followed the arrest and [later] death in police custody of a 17-year-old youth accused of committing a crime .

Fighting during deployment of army forces around Sidon — Subsequent deployment around Tyre
fighting during deployment of army forces around sidon — [later] deployment around tyre

Subsequent withdrawals from the eight-member collective Presidency left it with only four members participating , and thus effectively inquorate , a development which most observers saw as being Milosevic 's deliberate intention .
[later] withdrawals from the eight-member collective presidency left it with only four members participating , and thus effectively inquorate , a development which most observers saw as being milosevic 's deliberate intention .

On the same day over 1,000 ethnic Serbs and Montenegrins crossed the northern border into Yugoslavia , followed by smaller groups on subsequent days .
on the same day over 1,000 ethnic serbs and montenegrins crossed the northern border into yugoslavia , followed by smaller groups on [later] days .

Although the decision on Feb. 18 to release the men had caused an outcry , the subsequent overruling of the decision was criticized by lawyers .
although the decision on feb. 18 to release the men had caused an outcry , the [later] overruling of the decision was criticized by lawyers .

However , subsequent assessments suggested that the damage was much less severe than had been originally feared .
however , [later] assessments suggested that the damage was much less severe than had been originally feared .

It also declared that , subsequent to their 1934 Co-operation Treaty , Estonia , Latvia and Lithuania would co-ordinate foreign and security policy .
it also declared that , [later] to their 1934 co-operation treaty , estonia , latvia and lithuania would co-ordinate foreign and security policy .

The Press Trust of India reported that some of the Maoists had been killed in a subsequent encounter with police , but there was no confirmation of this at state government level .
the press trust of india reported that some of the maoists had been killed in a [later] encounter with police , but there was no confirmation of this at state government level .

However , subsequent decisions by the Slovak National Council threw doubt on the viability of the agreement .
however , [later] decisions by the slovak national council threw doubt on the viability of the agreement .

His resignation , and the subsequent revelations about his personal life , caused widespread shock in Ireland .
his resignation , and the [later] revelations about his personal life , caused widespread shock in ireland .

Over 30 Palestinians were wounded in subsequent unrest .
over 30 palestinians were wounded in [later] unrest .

Subsequent unofficial estimates suggested , however , that at most only 140 million tonnes would be available for consumption , the rest being wasted because of poor storage and transport .
[later] unofficial estimates suggested , however , that at most only 140 million tonnes would be available for consumption , the rest being wasted because of poor storage and transport .

Talks in Houston , Texas , on Dec. 10-12 , between United States Secretary of State James Baker and his Soviet counterpart , Foreign Minister Eduard Shevardnazde [ for whose subsequent resignation see p. 37903 ] , were dominated by events in the Middle East , but also covered disarmament issues and regional conflict in Afghanistan and Angola .
talks in houston , texas , on dec. 10-12 , between united states secretary of state james baker and his soviet counterpart , foreign minister eduard shevardnazde [ for whose [later] resignation see p. 37903 ] , were dominated by events in the middle east , but also covered disarmament issues and regional conflict in afghanistan and angola .

On the same day the recently formed Civic Alliance of extraparliamentary opposition groupings held its inaugural congress , electing as chair student leader Marian Munteanu [ for his arrest and subsequent release see p. 37665 ] .
on the same day the recently formed civic alliance of extraparliamentary opposition groupings held its inaugural congress , electing as chair student leader marian munteanu [ for his arrest and [later] release see p. 37665 ] .

The bolstering of the Syrian position in Lebanon following Aoun 's removal , and the subsequent movement of armed Moslem militiamen towards the south , seriously alarmed the Israeli government .
the bolstering of the syrian position in lebanon following aoun 's removal , and the [later] movement of armed moslem militiamen towards the south , seriously alarmed the israeli government .

Subsequent reports mentioned 30-40 people killed and 84 injured .
[later] reports mentioned 30-40 people killed and 84 injured .

Charles Keating Jr , the multi-millionaire whose speculative activities and subsequent financial collapse came to epitomize the massive failure of the savings and loan industry , was convicted on 17 counts of securities fraud by a California Superior Court on Dec. 4 .
charles keating jr , the multi-millionaire whose speculative activities and [later] financial collapse came to epitomize the massive failure of the savings and loan industry , was convicted on 17 counts of securities fraud by a california superior court on dec. 4 .

Subsequent reports claimed that Li 's offer had effectively endorsed the status quo under which China retained control over the Aksai-Chin region in northern Kashmir , with India preserving sovereignty over the disputed state of Arunachal Pradesh .
[later] reports claimed that li 's offer had effectively endorsed the status quo under which china retained control over the aksai-chin region in northern kashmir , with india preserving sovereignty over the disputed state of arunachal pradesh .

In a series of subsequent , apparently conciliatory , gestures reported on Dec. 16 , Kurdish leaders agreed to appoint an inquiry into the alleged massacre of 60 Iraqi soldiers in October [ see p. 38548 ] after the government announced that it had lifted restrictions on the acquisition of property by Kurds in the oil-producing town of Kirkuk and issued a decree exempting Kurds from swearing allegiance to the ruling Ba'ath Party .
in a series of [later] , apparently conciliatory , gestures reported on dec. 16 , kurdish leaders agreed to appoint an inquiry into the alleged massacre of 60 iraqi soldiers in october [ see p. 38548 ] after the government announced that it had lifted restrictions on the acquisition of property by kurds in the oil-producing town of kirkuk and issued a decree exempting kurds from swearing allegiance to the ruling ba'ath party .

Claims of subsequent killing of detainees
claims of [later] killing of detainees

The victory by a pro-military coalition at the March 1992 general election , and the subsequent appointment of the leader of the outgoing military junta , Gen. Suchinda Kraprayoon , as Prime Minister , had led to a serious confrontation in Bangkok in May .
the victory by a pro-military coalition at the march 1992 general election , and the [later] appointment of the leader of the outgoing military junta , gen. suchinda kraprayoon , as prime minister , had led to a serious confrontation in bangkok in may .

the identification of the people responsible for 1,033 deaths in the 1989 uprising and for subsequent violence .
the identification of the people responsible for 1,033 deaths in the 1989 uprising and for [later] violence .

However , subsequent days saw mutual accusations of firing on the border region .
however , [later] days saw mutual accusations of firing on the border region .

The changes , effectively extending military rule for a further eight months , were not unexpected in the wake of the annulment of presidential primary elections on the grounds of widespread electoral malpractice , and the subsequent dissolution of the leadership of the two political parties [ p. 39130 ] .
the changes , effectively extending military rule for a further eight months , were not unexpected in the wake of the annulment of presidential primary elections on the grounds of widespread electoral malpractice , and the [later] dissolution of the leadership of the two political parties [ p. 39130 ] .

Imprisonment and subsequent release of Islamist deputies
imprisonment and [later] release of islamist deputies

" 2 . Authorises member states co-operating with the government of Kuwait , unless Iraq on or before Jan. 15 , 1990 , fully implements , as set forth in paragraph 1 above , the foregoing resolutions , to use all necessary means to uphold and implement Security Council Resolution 660 and all subsequent relevant resolutions and to restore international peace and security in the area ;
" 2 . authorises member states co-operating with the government of kuwait , unless iraq on or before jan. 15 , 1990 , fully implements , as set forth in paragraph 1 above , the foregoing resolutions , to use all necessary means to uphold and implement security council resolution 660 and all [later] relevant resolutions and to restore international peace and security in the area ;

The government 's subsequent decision to acquire the disputed site to build two shrines was attacked by Moslem organizations which claimed that such a decision pre-empted the status of the site , and by Hindu groups which threatened to block plans to reconstruct a mosque .
the government 's [later] decision to acquire the disputed site to build two shrines was attacked by moslem organizations which claimed that such a decision pre-empted the status of the site , and by hindu groups which threatened to block plans to reconstruct a mosque .

Subsequent Georgian investigations produced a different version of events .
[later] georgian investigations produced a different version of events .

It was hoped that this would lead to a positive referendum result in Denmark in late April or early May 1993 and to the subsequent completion of the Maastricht ratification process .
it was hoped that this would lead to a positive referendum result in denmark in late april or early may 1993 and to the [later] completion of the maastricht ratification process .

He also rejected , along with other opposition leaders , Fujimori 's subsequent offer of a `` national dialogue for peace and development `` .
he also rejected , along with other opposition leaders , fujimori 's [later] offer of a `` national dialogue for peace and development `` .

García went underground and issued calls for national resistance , but this found little echo on the streets , and subsequent opinion polls suggested that Fujimori retained the overwhelming confidence of the public .
garcía went underground and issued calls for national resistance , but this found little echo on the streets , and [later] opinion polls suggested that fujimori retained the overwhelming confidence of the public .

The main agreements included a comprehensive general amnesty offered by the Rwandan government to all refugees which , subsequent to a ceasefire , would be extended to all those who had allegedly committed acts against the state .
the main agreements included a comprehensive general amnesty offered by the rwandan government to all refugees which , [later] to a ceasefire , would be extended to all those who had allegedly committed acts against the state .

In June , an international conference of donors in New York promised aid worth $ 200,000,000 in 1990 and $ 150,000,000 for each of the two subsequent years of the country 's 1990-92 investment and development programme .
in june , an international conference of donors in new york promised aid worth $ 200,000,000 in 1990 and $ 150,000,000 for each of the two [later] years of the country 's 1990-92 investment and development programme .

In July the authorities arrested two leading opponents of the government , Charles Rubia and Kenneth Matiba , who had called for a referendum on the future of one-party rule ; in subsequent protest riots 20 people died [ see p. 37603 ] .
in july the authorities arrested two leading opponents of the government , charles rubia and kenneth matiba , who had called for a referendum on the future of one-party rule ; in [later] protest riots 20 people died [ see p. 37603 ] .

Iraq 's invasion in August of Kuwait , and the Saudi Arabian government 's subsequent decision to invite coalition forces to defend the kingdom was expected to have profound effects on internal political and economic affairs .
iraq 's invasion in august of kuwait , and the saudi arabian government 's [later] decision to invite coalition forces to defend the kingdom was expected to have profound effects on internal political and economic affairs .

Their background was often a conflict between different interests , although in some cases the conflict was masked by an apparent consensus at the time a particular measure was enacted , or by the general approval given to a measure subsequent to its enactment .
their background was often a conflict between different interests , although in some cases the conflict was masked by an apparent consensus at the time a particular measure was enacted , or by the general approval given to a measure [later] to its enactment .

Under such leases , the builder/developer would be responsible for erecting a building or a number of buildings upon a particular site , and detailed provision might be made for the manner of their construction and continuing maintenance , even down to the type of subsequent letting of the buildings which was to be permitted .
under such leases , the builder/developer would be responsible for erecting a building or a number of buildings upon a particular site , and detailed provision might be made for the manner of their construction and continuing maintenance , even down to the type of [later] letting of the buildings which was to be permitted .

In broad terms it may be stated as being whether an original tenant under a lease containing a rent review clause is bound by privity of contract to pay the landlord for the time being of the premises a rent agreed or otherwise determined with a subsequent assignee of the term .
in broad terms it may be stated as being whether an original tenant under a lease containing a rent review clause is bound by privity of contract to pay the landlord for the time being of the premises a rent agreed or otherwise determined with a [later] assignee of the term .

Typically in English a paragraph is unified by the fact that it brings together material around a single point or topic indicated in the first sentence . One way of doing this is to structure your paragraph as : First sentence ( topic sentence ) , makes the main claim of the paragraph ( and tries also to link the paragraph with what came before ) + subsequent sentences : justify or illustrate the claim ;
typically in english a paragraph is unified by the fact that it brings together material around a single point or topic indicated in the first sentence . one way of doing this is to structure your paragraph as : first sentence ( topic sentence ) , makes the main claim of the paragraph ( and tries also to link the paragraph with what came before ) + [later] sentences : justify or illustrate the claim ;

Subsequent sentences ( which justify or illustrate the claim ) : ( 2 ) Nothing in the book emphasises the corruption of the American dream more than this image of " the valley of ashes " .
[later] sentences ( which justify or illustrate the claim ) : ( 2 ) nothing in the book emphasises the corruption of the american dream more than this image of " the valley of ashes " .

This would apply , of course , to the second and subsequent Creole-speaking generations in Britain .
this would apply , of course , to the second and [later] creole-speaking generations in britain .

The standard of care laid down in this case has been doubted in subsequent cases .
the standard of care laid down in this case has been doubted in [later] cases .

This was on the basis that the act of the plaintiff relied on as consent preceded , and licensed in advance , a possible subsequent act of negligence .
this was on the basis that the act of the plaintiff relied on as consent preceded , and licensed in advance , a possible [later] act of negligence .

Section 3 states : Where work of construction , repair , maintenance or demolition or any other work is done on or in relation to premises , any duty of care owed , because of the doing of the work , to persons who might reasonably be expected to be affected by defects in the state of the premises created by the doing of the work shall not be abated by subsequent disposal of the premises by the person who owed the duty .
section 3 states : where work of construction , repair , maintenance or demolition or any other work is done on or in relation to premises , any duty of care owed , because of the doing of the work , to persons who might reasonably be expected to be affected by defects in the state of the premises created by the doing of the work shall not be abated by [later] disposal of the premises by the person who owed the duty .

The Court of Appeal doubted the validity of trespass ab initio , as it meant that lawful acts could be made unlawful by subsequent events and the lawfulness of an act should be judged at the time it took place .
the court of appeal doubted the validity of trespass ab initio , as it meant that lawful acts could be made unlawful by [later] events and the lawfulness of an act should be judged at the time it took place .

It can plausibly be taken to indicate the original existence and subsequent disappearance of large , and perhaps very large , quantities of similar material .
it can plausibly be taken to indicate the original existence and [later] disappearance of large , and perhaps very large , quantities of similar material .

Fortunately , none of this means that their work can simply be tossed overboard , for two examples should suffice to prove the contention that writers subsequent to Cnut 's day sometimes had access to important evidence .
fortunately , none of this means that their work can simply be tossed overboard , for two examples should suffice to prove the contention that writers [later] to cnut 's day sometimes had access to important evidence .

In the context of de Gaulle 's subsequent career , it would be difficult to exaggerate the significance of the war years .
in the context of de gaulle 's [later] career , it would be difficult to exaggerate the significance of the war years .

The date by which each registered foreign lawyer must apply for his or her registration to be renewed is and 31st October in each subsequent year .
the date by which each registered foreign lawyer must apply for his or her registration to be renewed is and 31st october in each [later] year .

The acceleration of the income tax liability may prove to be particularly serious in the context of firms which reached a peak income in the boom year of 1988 , slipped back in the two subsequent years and are now again on a rising profit curve .
the acceleration of the income tax liability may prove to be particularly serious in the context of firms which reached a peak income in the boom year of 1988 , slipped back in the two [later] years and are now again on a rising profit curve .

Subsequent improvement he attributed to better policing , education , including Sunday schools , stricter moral values and the availability of cotton underwear .
[later] improvement he attributed to better policing , education , including sunday schools , stricter moral values and the availability of cotton underwear .

Subsequent matches depend on where one has got to in the description .
[later] matches depend on where one has got to in the description .

This evidence shows that not only does the identity of a particular unit constrain what follows that unit , it in turn is modified by subsequent higher-level information .
this evidence shows that not only does the identity of a particular unit constrain what follows that unit , it in turn is modified by [later] higher-level information .

An algorithm for automatically scheduling additions to the Chart onto the Agenda for subsequent processing ( the Fundamental Rule ) .
an algorithm for automatically scheduling additions to the chart onto the agenda for [later] processing ( the fundamental rule ) .

Even if lexical information can be used to limit subsequent registrations , it will not be done on a word-by-word basis .
even if lexical information can be used to limit [later] registrations , it will not be done on a word-by-word basis .

Similarly we might not want any hard and fast decisions about and to be made if the subsequent input is , since giss is not a valid word , unlike kiss , which differs by only one phonetic feature .
similarly we might not want any hard and fast decisions about and to be made if the [later] input is , since giss is not a valid word , unlike kiss , which differs by only one phonetic feature .

Subsequent context was required for recognition of the word .
[later] context was required for recognition of the word .

However , this could cause difficulties because a person obtaining a computer program would expect to own the copyright of anything produced using the program , and any provisions sharing the ownership of the copyright between the user and the programmer could result in an undesirable fetter on the subsequent use of information and reports generated by the computer .
however , this could cause difficulties because a person obtaining a computer program would expect to own the copyright of anything produced using the program , and any provisions sharing the ownership of the copyright between the user and the programmer could result in an undesirable fetter on the [later] use of information and reports generated by the computer .

The owner of the copyright in the computer program , suddenly realizing that he has rights with respect to the output generated from using the program , might attempt to interfere with the subsequent use of that output in the hope that he will be able to negotiate a fee for his permission .
the owner of the copyright in the computer program , suddenly realizing that he has rights with respect to the output generated from using the program , might attempt to interfere with the [later] use of that output in the hope that he will be able to negotiate a fee for his permission .

However , because of subsequent technological developments , integrated circuits , magnetic disks and tapes and optical character readers now are used to enter information into a computer or to store the programs which control the computer .
however , because of [later] technological developments , integrated circuits , magnetic disks and tapes and optical character readers now are used to enter information into a computer or to store the programs which control the computer .

In subsequent chapters , particular types of computer contracts are described ; contracts for the writing of computer software , `` off-the-shelf `` software licences , agreements between software authors and publishers and , finally , hardware contracts .
in [later] chapters , particular types of computer contracts are described ; contracts for the writing of computer software , `` off-the-shelf `` software licences , agreements between software authors and publishers and , finally , hardware contracts .

Then , individual terms which may be found in various types of computer contracts will be discussed in subsequent chapters with a view to avoiding the disasters that await the unwary .
then , individual terms which may be found in various types of computer contracts will be discussed in [later] chapters with a view to avoiding the disasters that await the unwary .

In a subsequent appeal to the House of Lords , the Court of Appeal 's decision was affirmed .
in a [later] appeal to the house of lords , the court of appeal 's decision was affirmed .

Amongst many other ways in which Joseph Bédier set the pattern for subsequent scholarly study of the French fabliaux in his book of 1893 , he elevated the question of the social origins of this literary form .
amongst many other ways in which joseph bédier set the pattern for [later] scholarly study of the french fabliaux in his book of 1893 , he elevated the question of the social origins of this literary form .

The slow deliberacy with which the wife commences her reply , with not a hint of offence in her reaction but rather a hint of care in selecting the right mode of reply , emphasizes her willingness to converse on the topic : So does her subsequent appropriation of a rhetorical device , the occupatio , a statement emphasized by the speaker feigning unwillingness or lack of freedom to express it : The monk too takes a moment 's pause before replying : again seeming to digest the implications of the wife 's words , or ( and ? )
the slow deliberacy with which the wife commences her reply , with not a hint of offence in her reaction but rather a hint of care in selecting the right mode of reply , emphasizes her willingness to converse on the topic : so does her [later] appropriation of a rhetorical device , the occupatio , a statement emphasized by the speaker feigning unwillingness or lack of freedom to express it : the monk too takes a moment 's pause before replying : again seeming to digest the implications of the wife 's words , or ( and ? )

The carpenter 's sincere love for his wife is , however , reflected in his subsequent actions ( i.e .
the carpenter 's sincere love for his wife is , however , reflected in his [later] actions ( i.e .

It is regarded as `` tax revenue allocated once and for all to the Community to finance its budget and accruing to it automatically without the need for any subsequent decision by the national authorities ' ( European Commission 1989b ) .
it is regarded as `` tax revenue allocated once and for all to the community to finance its budget and accruing to it automatically without the need for any [later] decision by the national authorities ' ( european commission 1989b ) .

Molly was a believer in homeopathy and underwent her last operation and subsequent treatment in the Royal London Homeopathic Hospital .
molly was a believer in homeopathy and underwent her last operation and [later] treatment in the royal london homeopathic hospital .

If the tendency observed with have and help holds true here , the to infinitive should evoke its event as somehow subsequent to that of the verb of perception in these sentences .
if the tendency observed with have and help holds true here , the to infinitive should evoke its event as somehow [later] to that of the verb of perception in these sentences .

Since an occasion is a circumstance favouring the occurrence of an event , one can see how occasion can evoke a mediate cause which sets the stage for a subsequent reaction .
since an occasion is a circumstance favouring the occurrence of an event , one can see how occasion can evoke a mediate cause which sets the stage for a [later] reaction .

The whole movement is conceived in cases such as She got me to break down the door , which have been diagrammed as : In this sense , the infinitive can be said to evoke a subsequent actualization , i.e .
the whole movement is conceived in cases such as she got me to break down the door , which have been diagrammed as : in this sense , the infinitive can be said to evoke a [later] actualization , i.e .

This meaning contrasts with that found in sentences such as She ordered me to break down the door , where only part of the movement signified by to is actualized : Here the infinitive can be described as evoking a subsequent potentiality , i.e .
this meaning contrasts with that found in sentences such as she ordered me to break down the door , where only part of the movement signified by to is actualized : here the infinitive can be described as evoking a [later] potentiality , i.e .

In ( 2 ) , on the other hand , we would seem to have the equivalent of He managed to get free , that is , a use where the to infinitive evokes a subsequent actualization ( i.e .
in ( 2 ) , on the other hand , we would seem to have the equivalent of he managed to get free , that is , a use where the to infinitive evokes a [later] actualization ( i.e .

It has been seen that the impression of `` subsequent actualization `` arising here results from intercepting the movement signified by to at its final instant , at the point where the infinitive event is actualized .
it has been seen that the impression of `` [later] actualization `` arising here results from intercepting the movement signified by to at its final instant , at the point where the infinitive event is actualized .

In these sentences , it will be recalled , the event is seen as prospective , as a subsequent potential , a meaning that arises from intercepting the movement of to before it reaches the infinitival lexeme 's place in time .
in these sentences , it will be recalled , the event is seen as prospective , as a [later] potential , a meaning that arises from intercepting the movement of to before it reaches the infinitival lexeme 's place in time .

The difference in meaning between the two coincides therefore with the distinction already made between to infinitives evoking their event as a `` subsequent potentiality `` and those evoking it as a `` subsequent actualization `` .
the difference in meaning between the two coincides therefore with the distinction already made between to infinitives evoking their event as a `` [later] potentiality `` and those evoking it as a `` [later] actualization `` .

The to infinitive expresses therefore a subsequent actualization in this use .
the to infinitive expresses therefore a [later] actualization in this use .

That is , the support of the finite verb is seen at a point in time from which the realization of the infinitive event by the person of the infinitive is viewed as a subsequent potential .
that is , the support of the finite verb is seen at a point in time from which the realization of the infinitive event by the person of the infinitive is viewed as a [later] potential .

Indeed , for all cases where the to infinitive evokes `` subsequent potentiality `` the support is necessarily seen or implied to be situated in time prior to the event .
indeed , for all cases where the to infinitive evokes `` [later] potentiality `` the support is necessarily seen or implied to be situated in time prior to the event .

The `` subsequent actualization `` sense of the to infinitive also involves this double position of the support : person as support of the event of the finite verb is represented as prior in time to person as support of the infinitive 's event .
the `` [later] actualization `` sense of the to infinitive also involves this double position of the support : person as support of the event of the finite verb is represented as prior in time to person as support of the infinitive 's event .

As has been shown above , the movement denoted by to can be intercepted at some point before its term to evoke a support at some remove from the position occupied by the representation of person at the beginning of the infinitive 's event , thus giving rise to the impression which we have called `` subsequent potentiality `` ( He struggled to get free ) .
as has been shown above , the movement denoted by to can be intercepted at some point before its term to evoke a support at some remove from the position occupied by the representation of person at the beginning of the infinitive 's event , thus giving rise to the impression which we have called `` [later] potentiality `` ( he struggled to get free ) .

On the other hand , it can also be allowed to run its course , carrying the support up to the point of actualization of the infinitive 's event , which produces the `` subsequent actualization `` sense ( He managed to get free ) .
on the other hand , it can also be allowed to run its course , carrying the support up to the point of actualization of the infinitive 's event , which produces the `` [later] actualization `` sense ( he managed to get free ) .

At the same time as the non-past is undergoing this shift , the use of to with the infinitive is being extended beyond its concrete directional sense to cover all cases of subsequent potentiality and subsequent actualization , for which the bare infinitive had formerly been adequate : `` … the use of the to infinitive in the place of the bare or plain infinitive increased rapidly during the late Old English and early Middle English periods `` ( Visser 1966 : 948 ) .
at the same time as the non-past is undergoing this shift , the use of to with the infinitive is being extended beyond its concrete directional sense to cover all cases of [later] potentiality and [later] actualization , for which the bare infinitive had formerly been adequate : `` … the use of the to infinitive in the place of the bare or plain infinitive increased rapidly during the late old english and early middle english periods `` ( visser 1966 : 948 ) .

The bare infinitive thus seems to have shifted out of the field of the future or the subsequent in a similar way to , and at the same time as , the present-tense form .
the bare infinitive thus seems to have shifted out of the field of the future or the [later] in a similar way to , and at the same time as , the present-tense form .

It is displayed ( Winckelmann affirms ) in the Laocoon group , that famous sculpture of the Trojan priest and his sons in the grip of the sea god 's serpents : and this example , certainly surprising , is used over and over again by subsequent theorists .
it is displayed ( winckelmann affirms ) in the laocoon group , that famous sculpture of the trojan priest and his sons in the grip of the sea god 's serpents : and this example , certainly surprising , is used over and over again by [later] theorists .

It implied a quest for perfection : a quest that could inspire an astonishing quantity of new translations of Greek authors , original literature on Greek models , and theoretical writing informed by the Greek achievements ; and a quest that could be interpreted by subsequent generations in a variety of ways .
it implied a quest for perfection : a quest that could inspire an astonishing quantity of new translations of greek authors , original literature on greek models , and theoretical writing informed by the greek achievements ; and a quest that could be interpreted by [later] generations in a variety of ways .

But whatever else was lost , the impetus that Winckelmann had given to Greek scholarship in Germany survived ; and if we wish to understand its subsequent history and the remarkable growth of German classical scholarship as a whole , we should not forget his formative contribution , even though much of the impending development can hardly be traced directly back to him .
but whatever else was lost , the impetus that winckelmann had given to greek scholarship in germany survived ; and if we wish to understand its [later] history and the remarkable growth of german classical scholarship as a whole , we should not forget his formative contribution , even though much of the impending development can hardly be traced directly back to him .

With hindsight , we can see this loss of faith as one of the formative facts of his life : much of his subsequent thinking is precisely a ‘ search ’ for something to fill the void or , more characteristically , for a way of honestly confronting the void .
with hindsight , we can see this loss of faith as one of the formative facts of his life : much of his [later] thinking is precisely a ‘ search ’ for something to fill the void or , more characteristically , for a way of honestly confronting the void .

In view of Nietzsche 's subsequent adulation of Wagner , it is important to recognize that in these early years his predilections lay elsewhere .
in view of nietzsche 's [later] adulation of wagner , it is important to recognize that in these early years his predilections lay elsewhere .

Some of his mythical exploits are equally remote from civilized life : ) ( among the events recounted are his dismemberment by primitive powers , the Titans , and subsequent rebirth ) .
some of his mythical exploits are equally remote from civilized life : ) ( among the events recounted are his dismemberment by primitive powers , the titans , and [later] rebirth ) .

Greek culture has provided the creative exemplars of all subsequent cultures , including our own , and Socrates is one of its principal figures .
greek culture has provided the creative exemplars of all [later] cultures , including our own , and socrates is one of its principal figures .

The earliest lease of the mines , subsequent to the Civil War , which has been located by the writer , is dated 18 October 1678 , being between Sir Daniel and his son William ; Thomas Shiphard of Natland ( near Kendal ) described as a gentleman ; and Lancelott Fforth of Kirkbie-Kendall .
the earliest lease of the mines , [later] to the civil war , which has been located by the writer , is dated 18 october 1678 , being between sir daniel and his son william ; thomas shiphard of natland ( near kendal ) described as a gentleman ; and lancelott fforth of kirkbie-kendall .

These are a complexity of outcropping veins on which 17th Century miners worked but in places they have been modified by subsequent operators .
these are a complexity of outcropping veins on which 17th century miners worked but in places they have been modified by [later] operators .

Some of the children must have been taken on subsequent to harrowing , tearful , interviews with mothers with babies in arms , or even the children themselves .
some of the children must have been taken on [later] to harrowing , tearful , interviews with mothers with babies in arms , or even the children themselves .

In developing countries , where family planning is rarely practised prior to birth of the first child , the timing of first union bears directly upon fertility patterns , including the age at which the woman gives birth to her first child , often also the nature and pattern of subsequent reproductive events , as well as completed family size .
in developing countries , where family planning is rarely practised prior to birth of the first child , the timing of first union bears directly upon fertility patterns , including the age at which the woman gives birth to her first child , often also the nature and pattern of [later] reproductive events , as well as completed family size .

Higher rates of fetal loss and of mortality in infancy among first than among subsequent births characterizes populations in which fertility is high and women are youngest at first birth .
higher rates of fetal loss and of mortality in infancy among first than among [later] births characterizes populations in which fertility is high and women are youngest at first birth .

The Jesuits did convert one king , whereupon the Abuna absolved his subjects from their allegiance ; and in the subsequent rebellion the king was killed .
the jesuits did convert one king , whereupon the abuna absolved his subjects from their allegiance ; and in the [later] rebellion the king was killed .

Having obtained relevance information and performed one or more subsequent searches , the navigation problems multiply .
having obtained relevance information and performed one or more [later] searches , the navigation problems multiply .

If your blood is Rhesus negative and your baby is Rhesus positive , and fetal blood enters the mother 's bloodstream , you may develop antibodies against it which mean that any subsequent pregnancy of a Rhesus positive baby will be in danger of contracting Rhesus disease — a potential cause of stillbirth or neo-natal death .
if your blood is rhesus negative and your baby is rhesus positive , and fetal blood enters the mother 's bloodstream , you may develop antibodies against it which mean that any [later] pregnancy of a rhesus positive baby will be in danger of contracting rhesus disease — a potential cause of stillbirth or neo-natal death .

Subsequent lessons can further develop the same conversation , or can tackle different topics .
[later] lessons can further develop the same conversation , or can tackle different topics .

During subsequent interrogation it was revealed that Ann Lynn had made a rendezvous during the night with a Dutch cargo vessel , had stowed the contraband below for later disposal , and calmly taken out the anglers for a day 's fishing before unloading the loot .
during [later] interrogation it was revealed that ann lynn had made a rendezvous during the night with a dutch cargo vessel , had stowed the contraband below for later disposal , and calmly taken out the anglers for a day 's fishing before unloading the loot .

`` The subsequent court case was heard at Lewes when the boat 's owner pleaded guilty , but his accomplice pleaded ignorance and managed to get away without a prison sentence , his excuse being that once he realised what was happening he felt obliged to remain on board as it would have been dangerous to leave the owner alone to handle the boat with a load of passengers .
`` the [later] court case was heard at lewes when the boat 's owner pleaded guilty , but his accomplice pleaded ignorance and managed to get away without a prison sentence , his excuse being that once he realised what was happening he felt obliged to remain on board as it would have been dangerous to leave the owner alone to handle the boat with a load of passengers .

Similarly the acceleration is since we consider only one particle from its position xj at time t and in its subsequent motion .
similarly the acceleration is since we consider only one particle from its position xj at time t and in its [later] motion .

The subsequent biopsy of a lymphomatous pleural plaque , visible on previous radiographs , permitted the retrospective deduction of lymphoma at initial presentaton .
the [later] biopsy of a lymphomatous pleural plaque , visible on previous radiographs , permitted the retrospective deduction of lymphoma at initial presentaton .

The alternative view that the intestinal lymphoma developed as a primary event two years before presentation seems possible in view of the indolent nature of the disease and subsequent findings .
the alternative view that the intestinal lymphoma developed as a primary event two years before presentation seems possible in view of the indolent nature of the disease and [later] findings .

Most studies entailing isolation of intestinal epithelial cells in vitro and subsequent grafting in vivo have used intact undifferentiated fetal endoderm .
most studies entailing isolation of intestinal epithelial cells in vitro and [later] grafting in vivo have used intact undifferentiated fetal endoderm .

In another study of 135 gluten sensitive patients , seven rectal biopsy specimens from a total of 21 biopsies performed were , on subsequent review , considered to be abnormal — two were compatible with ‘ colitis ’ , four with microscopic lymphocytic colitis , and the seventh a mixed picture .
in another study of 135 gluten sensitive patients , seven rectal biopsy specimens from a total of 21 biopsies performed were , on [later] review , considered to be abnormal — two were compatible with ‘ colitis ’ , four with microscopic lymphocytic colitis , and the seventh a mixed picture .

Positioning was validated fluoroscopically in six subjects , with no adjustment of tube required , and fluoroscopy was therefore not considered essential in subsequent subjects .
positioning was validated fluoroscopically in six subjects , with no adjustment of tube required , and fluoroscopy was therefore not considered essential in [later] subjects .

This phenomenon has been reproduced in a rat model of ethanol feeding and subsequent lipid analyses indicated that accumulated cholesteryl esters were responsible for the morphologic changes observed .
this phenomenon has been reproduced in a rat model of ethanol feeding and [later] lipid analyses indicated that accumulated cholesteryl esters were responsible for the morphologic changes observed .

Figure 3 ( a-d ) indicates the percentages of lysosomal enzymes released into the supernatant after incubation of isolated pancreatic lysosomes with phosphatidylcholine vesicles ( with and without cholesteryl oleate ) and subsequent resedimentation of lysosomes .
figure 3 ( a-d ) indicates the percentages of lysosomal enzymes released into the supernatant after incubation of isolated pancreatic lysosomes with phosphatidylcholine vesicles ( with and without cholesteryl oleate ) and [later] resedimentation of lysosomes .

Despite difficulties in diagnosis and subsequent communication the survival of South Asian migrants with Crohn 's disease is good and may reduce our concern about their compliance with treatment .
despite difficulties in diagnosis and [later] communication the survival of south asian migrants with crohn 's disease is good and may reduce our concern about their compliance with treatment .

Once initial control has been achieved , a maintenance sclerotherapy programme should be instituted with repeated injections every three weeks or so until thrombosis of the varices has been achieved and subsequent periodic checks every three to six months to ensure maintenance of variceal occlusion .
once initial control has been achieved , a maintenance sclerotherapy programme should be instituted with repeated injections every three weeks or so until thrombosis of the varices has been achieved and [later] periodic checks every three to six months to ensure maintenance of variceal occlusion .

Early reports that the technically more complex distal splenorenal shunt might prevent this complication have not unfortunately been confirmed by subsequent experience .
early reports that the technically more complex distal splenorenal shunt might prevent this complication have not unfortunately been confirmed by [later] experience .

None the less , the results suggest that a history of previous recurrence does indeed predict a high risk for subsequent recurrence .
none the less , the results suggest that a history of previous recurrence does indeed predict a high risk for [later] recurrence .

Thus inhibition of this enzyme may result in the accumulation of hydrogen peroxide with subsequent oxidation of lipids .
thus inhibition of this enzyme may result in the accumulation of hydrogen peroxide with [later] oxidation of lipids .

Saline , 0.1 ml , was njected via the tail vein , to act as a control for the subsequent pentagastrin , and a one hour basal collection was then made .
saline , 0.1 ml , was njected via the tail vein , to act as a control for the [later] pentagastrin , and a one hour basal collection was then made .

Cholesterol gall bladder stones may be initiated by precipitation of calcium salts to form a nidus , with subsequent laying down of cholesterol from its supersaturated state on this nidus .
cholesterol gall bladder stones may be initiated by precipitation of calcium salts to form a nidus , with [later] laying down of cholesterol from its supersaturated state on this nidus .

The experience reported suggests that the method is effective in that at the end of the rotary lithotrite procedures 17 patients had a gall bladder clear of stones , and with subsequent proceduressuch as cholecystoscopy , endoscopic sphincterotomy , and percutaneous cholecystolithotomy all but two patients had stones cleared from the biliary system .
the experience reported suggests that the method is effective in that at the end of the rotary lithotrite procedures 17 patients had a gall bladder clear of stones , and with [later] proceduressuch as cholecystoscopy , endoscopic sphincterotomy , and percutaneous cholecystolithotomy all but two patients had stones cleared from the biliary system .

Subsequent end expiratory breath samples were obtained at least every 30 minutes for up to 4 hours .
[later] end expiratory breath samples were obtained at least every 30 minutes for up to 4 hours .

The introduction and subsequent evolution of restorative proctocolectomy over the past 14 years has meant that most patients who require surgical treatment for chronic ulcerative colitis are no longer condemned to life with a permanent ileostomy .
the introduction and [later] evolution of restorative proctocolectomy over the past 14 years has meant that most patients who require surgical treatment for chronic ulcerative colitis are no longer condemned to life with a permanent ileostomy .

Subsequent to this there is an amplified second phase of neutrophil chemotaxis which is much greater than the original .
[later] to this there is an amplified second phase of neutrophil chemotaxis which is much greater than the original .

Concomitant phagocytosis internalises the chemoattractant for further degradation with subsequent lysosomal enzyme release .
concomitant phagocytosis internalises the chemoattractant for further degradation with [later] lysosomal enzyme release .

The subsequent events that lead to the rupture of these abnormal vessels are unclear .
the [later] events that lead to the rupture of these abnormal vessels are unclear .

Initial rectal biopsy and subsequent ileal and colonic biopsies at colonoscopy before treatment all showed similar features ( Figs 1 and 2 ) .
initial rectal biopsy and [later] ileal and colonic biopsies at colonoscopy before treatment all showed similar features ( figs 1 and 2 ) .

The close temporal relation of initial resolution of her watery diarrhoea on stopping her gold treatment and subsequent development of severe enterocolitis on recommencement taken together with the renal ( proteinurial ) , and skin ( maculopapular rash ) involvement as well as transient hypo-γ-globulinaemia suggested gold as the primary cause of her colitis .
the close temporal relation of initial resolution of her watery diarrhoea on stopping her gold treatment and [later] development of severe enterocolitis on recommencement taken together with the renal ( proteinurial ) , and skin ( maculopapular rash ) involvement as well as transient hypo-γ-globulinaemia suggested gold as the primary cause of her colitis .

Her improvement on gancyclovir and no further relapse over the subsequent year of follow up would fit with this diagnosis .
her improvement on gancyclovir and no further relapse over the [later] year of follow up would fit with this diagnosis .

Therefore platelets were not removed from mononuclear cell suspensions in the subsequent experiments as this process reduced cell yield .
therefore platelets were not removed from mononuclear cell suspensions in the [later] experiments as this process reduced cell yield .

At this , and all subsequent follow up appointments , the physician also noted concomitant illnesses and medical treatment and repeated his personal assessments of the patient 's stress , symptom severity , fitness for work , and compliance with treatment .
at this , and all [later] follow up appointments , the physician also noted concomitant illnesses and medical treatment and repeated his personal assessments of the patient 's stress , symptom severity , fitness for work , and compliance with treatment .

The timing of all subsequent follow up appointments and endoscopies in the healing phase was discretionary .
the timing of all [later] follow up appointments and endoscopies in the healing phase was discretionary .

Daily food reintroductions were successfully carried out in 64 patients with subsequent exclusion of suspect foods .
daily food reintroductions were successfully carried out in 64 patients with [later] exclusion of suspect foods .

Three patients were excluded from the subsequent analysis as anaemia ( haemoglobin < 13 g/100 ml men , < 11.5 g/100 ml women ) was not confirmed at the hospital or on reviewing the family practitioners ' investigations .
three patients were excluded from the [later] analysis as anaemia ( haemoglobin < 13 g/100 ml men , < 11.5 g/100 ml women ) was not confirmed at the hospital or on reviewing the family practitioners ' investigations .

Several factors are responsible for recurrent exposure of the distal oesophagus to gastric contents and the subsequent development of reflux oesophagitis .
several factors are responsible for recurrent exposure of the distal oesophagus to gastric contents and the [later] development of reflux oesophagitis .

Based on the marks on the catheters , the distance between the tip of the probe and the nares was determined and an identical distance was used in subsequent measurements .
based on the marks on the catheters , the distance between the tip of the probe and the nares was determined and an identical distance was used in [later] measurements .

The impact of this trim and dynamic team who worked together so amicable , resulted in keeping the group together to produce further items , although after a subsequent audition in 1989 they became five years younger and are now our 50+ Team .
the impact of this trim and dynamic team who worked together so amicable , resulted in keeping the group together to produce further items , although after a [later] audition in 1989 they became five years younger and are now our 50+ team .

Subsequent training courses have taken advantage of current opportunities , have been recognised in Adult Education and by the Sports Council , and most recently have joined forces with the City & Guilds working towards two national qualifications .
[later] training courses have taken advantage of current opportunities , have been recognised in adult education and by the sports council , and most recently have joined forces with the city & guilds working towards two national qualifications .

Endothelin-1 increased the tissue type plasminogen activator release and platelet activating factor formation , and induced subsequent gastric mucosal haemorrhagic change in a dose dependent manner .
endothelin-1 increased the tissue type plasminogen activator release and platelet activating factor formation , and induced [later] gastric mucosal haemorrhagic change in a dose dependent manner .

Therefore , the most likely explanation for the increased hepatic venous pressure gradient is the extensive necrosis and subsequent reticulin collapse , that probably causes a severe distortion of the hepatic microcirculation .
therefore , the most likely explanation for the increased hepatic venous pressure gradient is the extensive necrosis and [later] reticulin collapse , that probably causes a severe distortion of the hepatic microcirculation .

The subsequent regression equation was able to predict 89 % of the patients who will die and 97 % of the patients who will still be alive six weeks after their first variceal haemorrhage treated by sclerotherapy .
the [later] regression equation was able to predict 89 % of the patients who will die and 97 % of the patients who will still be alive six weeks after their first variceal haemorrhage treated by sclerotherapy .

It is very important to distinguish the first from the subsequent bleeding episodes because associated mortality is different and this may lead to biases in studies when pooling the two types of episodes .
it is very important to distinguish the first from the [later] bleeding episodes because associated mortality is different and this may lead to biases in studies when pooling the two types of episodes .

Among these 17 patients , five also had endoscopic biopsies ; two at first had false negative biopsy specimens with malignancy found only on subsequent biopsies one month and one year later .
among these 17 patients , five also had endoscopic biopsies ; two at first had false negative biopsy specimens with malignancy found only on [later] biopsies one month and one year later .

The interval between the initial diagnosis of coeliac disease and subsequent jejunal biopsies ( Groups 2 , 3 , and 4 ) varied between three and 12 months ( average seven months ) .
the interval between the initial diagnosis of coeliac disease and [later] jejunal biopsies ( groups 2 , 3 , and 4 ) varied between three and 12 months ( average seven months ) .

Alkyl acyl glycerophosphocholine were measured after alkaline hydrolysis and subsequent acetylation .
alkyl acyl glycerophosphocholine were measured after alkaline hydrolysis and [later] acetylation .

If all markers had passed from the stomach in less than six hours , subsequent radiographs were not taken .
if all markers had passed from the stomach in less than six hours , [later] radiographs were not taken .

The role of antrectomy in these apparently gastrin dependent tumours is still obscure , but there are reports of regression of fundic carcinoids after antrectomy and subsequent return to normal segum gastrin concentrations .
the role of antrectomy in these apparently gastrin dependent tumours is still obscure , but there are reports of regression of fundic carcinoids after antrectomy and [later] return to normal segum gastrin concentrations .

Improved survival and excellent rehabilitation subsequent to liver transplantation have led to rapid and considerable expansion of the transplant programme in the United Kingdom and elsewhere .
improved survival and excellent rehabilitation [later] to liver transplantation have led to rapid and considerable expansion of the transplant programme in the united kingdom and elsewhere .

This finding is suggestive of destruction of the original mucosal layer during expansion with subsequent healing and proliferation .
this finding is suggestive of destruction of the original mucosal layer during expansion with [later] healing and proliferation .

In forming this view the Directors have reviewed the Group 's budget for 1993 and outline projections for the subsequent two years , including capital expenditure plans and cash flow forecasts .
in forming this view the directors have reviewed the group 's budget for 1993 and outline projections for the [later] two years , including capital expenditure plans and cash flow forecasts .

It is the policy of the Group to afford disabled persons full and fair consideration for employment and subsequent training , career development and promotion on the basis of their aptitudes and abilities .
it is the policy of the group to afford disabled persons full and fair consideration for employment and [later] training , career development and promotion on the basis of their aptitudes and abilities .

cuddled up with their subsequent ladies ,
cuddled up with their [later] ladies ,

Later , she was to ask herself if the decision had made any difference to subsequent events .
later , she was to ask herself if the decision had made any difference to [later] events .

As concisely as she could , Melissa told him about the missing sketch of Delia Forbes , her subsequent visit to the house in Regency Terrace and the possibility of a plot by one of Eddie 's discarded lovers to kill Angy .
as concisely as she could , melissa told him about the missing sketch of delia forbes , her [later] visit to the house in regency terrace and the possibility of a plot by one of eddie 's discarded lovers to kill angy .

Some heads of departments had used the summer vacation to write the bulk of their reports but sometimes advisers requested additional information in subsequent visits .
some heads of departments had used the summer vacation to write the bulk of their reports but sometimes advisers requested additional information in [later] visits .

Changes and Developments Subsequent to the Inspection
changes and developments [later] to the inspection

whether teachers associate subsequent change in school with use of the booklet ;
whether teachers associate [later] change in school with use of the booklet ;

We can use money market deposits to demonstrate the problem of reinvestment risk , the risk of renewing the deposit at a lower rate in a subsequent period .
we can use money market deposits to demonstrate the problem of reinvestment risk , the risk of renewing the deposit at a lower rate in a [later] period .

Real 's punishment was to play subsequent matches behind closed doors .
real 's punishment was to play [later] matches behind closed doors .

His subsequent Wartime lot was equally offbeat though hardly agreeable , contending against boredom and filth along the northern marches of India .
his [later] wartime lot was equally offbeat though hardly agreeable , contending against boredom and filth along the northern marches of india .

Mr Stockdale had taken control of Eagle Trust in the wake of the resignation and subsequent departure from the country of John Ferriday , and had discovered that £13.7m of funds could not be accounted for .
mr stockdale had taken control of eagle trust in the wake of the resignation and [later] departure from the country of john ferriday , and had discovered that £13.7m of funds could not be accounted for .

Last year 's winner , Quinlan Terry , would not have beaten the second horse , the subsequent Group One race winner Ile De Chypre , had that rival not been drawn on the far side .
last year 's winner , quinlan terry , would not have beaten the second horse , the [later] group one race winner ile de chypre , had that rival not been drawn on the far side .

Borrowers who underpay tax if interest rates rise must give any unpaid interest to the Revenue in the subsequent 12 months .
borrowers who underpay tax if interest rates rise must give any unpaid interest to the revenue in the [later] 12 months .

These potentialities are successively narrowed down in subsequent stages of development .
these potentialities are successively narrowed down in [later] stages of development .

Subsequent reliefs were smaller : in October 1241 Adam of Purton , nephew and senior co-heir of Thomas of Sandford , paid ten marks for a grant of seisin of the wardenship of Braydon Forest , which belonged to him by right of primogeniture .
[later] reliefs were smaller : in october 1241 adam of purton , nephew and senior co-heir of thomas of sandford , paid ten marks for a grant of seisin of the wardenship of braydon forest , which belonged to him by right of primogeniture .

The owners of the woods were bound to present their woodwards to the Justice of the Forest on their appointment , and at every subsequent Forest Eyre , to take an oath to perform their duties faithfully .
the owners of the woods were bound to present their woodwards to the justice of the forest on their appointment , and at every [later] forest eyre , to take an oath to perform their duties faithfully .

The verderers were closely examined at the Forest Eyre as to the facts to which they deposed in their rolls of presentments , and even minor contradictions in their evidence might result in their committal to prison and subsequent amercement .
the verderers were closely examined at the forest eyre as to the facts to which they deposed in their rolls of presentments , and even minor contradictions in their evidence might result in their committal to prison and [later] amercement .

After his appointment in 1631 as Chief Justice of the southern forests , the Earl of Holland took over the direction of the Forest Eyre , and presided at subsequent justice Seats .
after his appointment in 1631 as chief justice of the southern forests , the earl of holland took over the direction of the forest eyre , and presided at [later] justice seats .

At subsequent Forest Eyres in other counties the judges were clearly determined to raise large sums by fining the forest landowners .
at [later] forest eyres in other counties the judges were clearly determined to raise large sums by fining the forest landowners .

’ But this measure , like a subsequent Act passed in October 1653 ‘ for the Disafforestation , Sale and Improvement of Royal Forests ’ , 2 proved ineffective .
’ but this measure , like a [later] act passed in october 1653 ‘ for the disafforestation , sale and improvement of royal forests ’ , 2 proved ineffective .

Most of the subsequent writing on Mary Queen of Scots has stressed the immense , even intolerable burden placed on the shoulders of this young and carefully nurtured girl , when at the age of eighteen she was driven from the civilized country of France , where she had lived since she was five , to the backward and lawless kingdom of Scotland .
most of the [later] writing on mary queen of scots has stressed the immense , even intolerable burden placed on the shoulders of this young and carefully nurtured girl , when at the age of eighteen she was driven from the civilized country of france , where she had lived since she was five , to the backward and lawless kingdom of scotland .

The remarks which follow are extracted from our subsequent conversation :
the remarks which follow are extracted from our [later] conversation :

What can be done on a day that is to have no subsequent day ?
what can be done on a day that is to have no [later] day ?

It was in the development of the ‘ special relationship ’ between Britain and America that Nonconformists once again influenced subsequent English history , however little that contribution has been valued by historians .
it was in the development of the ‘ special relationship ’ between britain and america that nonconformists once again influenced [later] english history , however little that contribution has been valued by historians .

It is the trace of a moving point ; a record of its passing , to guide and ease subsequent trips and become firmly established with use .
it is the trace of a moving point ; a record of its passing , to guide and ease [later] trips and become firmly established with use .

The subsequent evolution of geometric perspective in Europe has been devoted to means by which this property could be used and adapted to suggest movement and change : by the introduction of multiple points of view and interlocking spaces ; by the concentration and diffusion of light and light sources ; by the Impressionist fragmentisation of surfaces .
the [later] evolution of geometric perspective in europe has been devoted to means by which this property could be used and adapted to suggest movement and change : by the introduction of multiple points of view and interlocking spaces ; by the concentration and diffusion of light and light sources ; by the impressionist fragmentisation of surfaces .

But no previous experience compared with the handling of real Moon rocks , in situ , and their subsequent journey to Earth .
but no previous experience compared with the handling of real moon rocks , in situ , and their [later] journey to earth .

His subsequent actions in office , however little they may have done to encourage serious Catholic commitment to the Ulster state , were enough to confirm the conservative Protestant suspicion that O'Neill was another Lundy , prepared to follow the original by opening the gates of unionist Ulster 's walls to the disloyal Catholics and the Irish Republic .
his [later] actions in office , however little they may have done to encourage serious catholic commitment to the ulster state , were enough to confirm the conservative protestant suspicion that o'neill was another lundy , prepared to follow the original by opening the gates of unionist ulster 's walls to the disloyal catholics and the irish republic .

In his evidence at the subsequent trial , Paisley maintained that he did this to keep the parade moving and hence diffuse tension .
in his evidence at the [later] trial , paisley maintained that he did this to keep the parade moving and hence diffuse tension .

Had the imprisonment and the subsequent ‘ religious revival ’ come six years earlier , it would have produced less spectacular growth because the trained personnel were not then available to lead the movement and direct the sympathy for the Free Presbyterians into recruitment to the Church .
had the imprisonment and the [later] ‘ religious revival ’ come six years earlier , it would have produced less spectacular growth because the trained personnel were not then available to lead the movement and direct the sympathy for the free presbyterians into recruitment to the church .

Kept in training as a four-year-old , Pebbles won the Trusthouse Forte Mile at Sandown Park , was second in the Prince of Wales 's Stakes at Royal Ascot , and then became the first filly ever to win the Eclipse , beating subsequent Arc winner Rainbow Quest by two lengths .
kept in training as a four-year-old , pebbles won the trusthouse forte mile at sandown park , was second in the prince of wales 's stakes at royal ascot , and then became the first filly ever to win the eclipse , beating [later] arc winner rainbow quest by two lengths .

Subsequent events were to make the horse a leading candidate for the greatest bloodstock bargain of all time , but when the new owner first saw his purchase he was horrified .
[later] events were to make the horse a leading candidate for the greatest bloodstock bargain of all time , but when the new owner first saw his purchase he was horrified .

No one who saw the 1986 Gold Cup and knew of Dawn Run 's subsequent fate could look with unmixed emotions on her statue by the Cheltenham parade ring , where she left a permanent mark on racing history .
no one who saw the 1986 gold cup and knew of dawn run 's [later] fate could look with unmixed emotions on her statue by the cheltenham parade ring , where she left a permanent mark on racing history .

In subsequent speeches the same day , Hitler exhorted the Party and nation to maintain discipline , and not to depart from the path of legality in the matter .
in [later] speeches the same day , hitler exhorted the party and nation to maintain discipline , and not to depart from the path of legality in the matter .

That the apostle Paul thought of his letters to his churches as constituting inspired revelation to instruct all subsequent generations is unlikely .
that the apostle paul thought of his letters to his churches as constituting inspired revelation to instruct all [later] generations is unlikely .

Ancient and well-established episcopal churches tended to stabilize subsequent urban development .
ancient and well-established episcopal churches tended to stabilize [later] urban development .

Subsequent analysis by the Labour Research Department revealed that they all directed companies which had given donations totalling £1.9 million to Conservative party funds .
[later] analysis by the labour research department revealed that they all directed companies which had given donations totalling £1.9 million to conservative party funds .

By itself , the ‘ diversion memorandum ’ — soon to be ‘ Exhibit 1 ’ in the congressional inquiries — dictated the shape of the subsequent investigation .
by itself , the ‘ diversion memorandum ’ — soon to be ‘ exhibit 1 ’ in the congressional inquiries — dictated the shape of the [later] investigation .

Even if they had political or ideological grounds for doing so , the heat and publicity of the contest , the expectations of fellow-tribesmen and of the opposing side , and the subsequent social sanctions , would indeed have made it difficult to cross from one end of the pitch to the other in the middle of the ballot .
even if they had political or ideological grounds for doing so , the heat and publicity of the contest , the expectations of fellow-tribesmen and of the opposing side , and the [later] social sanctions , would indeed have made it difficult to cross from one end of the pitch to the other in the middle of the ballot .

Subsequent discoveries were rather more stimulating .
[later] discoveries were rather more stimulating .

The theory has been somewhat modified to fit subsequent experimental evidence , and some of the details are still debated , but its general thrust is widely accepted .
the theory has been somewhat modified to fit [later] experimental evidence , and some of the details are still debated , but its general thrust is widely accepted .

All you need to do is to take the polls in the week a Prime Minister calls an election and you have the subsequent result .
all you need to do is to take the polls in the week a prime minister calls an election and you have the [later] result .

There were before the election Conservatives who wanted a Tory defeat in the hope of a subsequent reconstruction under a new , more Thatcherite leader — who would restore the purity which Mr Patten was being allowed to destroy .
there were before the election conservatives who wanted a tory defeat in the hope of a [later] reconstruction under a new , more thatcherite leader — who would restore the purity which mr patten was being allowed to destroy .

When Roundhay failed to control the ball at the subsequent line-out , Foster thrust his way over .
when roundhay failed to control the ball at the [later] line-out , foster thrust his way over .

Sharp 's subsequent header went across the line and counted despite furious protests from the goalkeeper .
sharp 's [later] header went across the line and counted despite furious protests from the goalkeeper .

The picturesque result and subsequent offers to purchase , for substantially more than the couple had paid , were not lost on Jill 's father , chairman of a company which already specialised in timber frame building .
the picturesque result and [later] offers to purchase , for substantially more than the couple had paid , were not lost on jill 's father , chairman of a company which already specialised in timber frame building .

Even the holder 's enjoyment is restricted ( unless he be declared ‘ unimpeachable for waste ' ) by consideration for the rights of those who have subsequent estates in the land .
even the holder 's enjoyment is restricted ( unless he be declared ‘ unimpeachable for waste ' ) by consideration for the rights of those who have [later] estates in the land .

Supposing that the result of the investigation is satisfactory , and the purchase is completed , a subsequent purchaser must again go through the whole process ; the results of each investigation are practically thrown away for the future .
supposing that the result of the investigation is satisfactory , and the purchase is completed , a [later] purchaser must again go through the whole process ; the results of each investigation are practically thrown away for the future .

At ever subsequent dealing with the land a new entry must be inserted on the certificate .
at ever [later] dealing with the land a new entry must be inserted on the certificate .

If any mortgage , other than a mortgage accompanied by transfer of the title-deeds , is unregistered , it is void as against a subsequent mortgagee , whether he registers his mortgage or not .
if any mortgage , other than a mortgage accompanied by transfer of the title-deeds , is unregistered , it is void as against a [later] mortgagee , whether he registers his mortgage or not .

In certain cases , a prior mortgagee may make further advances to the mortgagor which will rank in priority to subsequent mortgages .
in certain cases , a prior mortgagee may make further advances to the mortgagor which will rank in priority to [later] mortgages .

If he had no notice of a subsequent mortgage when he made his further advances — but registration of a subsequent mortgage is equivalent to notice .
if he had no notice of a [later] mortgage when he made his further advances — but registration of a [later] mortgage is equivalent to notice .

If the prior mortgage was made expressly to secure a current account or other further advances , and further advances are made by the prior mortgagee , he can hold the land as security for both the original loan and the further advances , unless he had notice of a subsequent mortgage — registration ( except in certain special cases ) is not equivalent to notice .
if the prior mortgage was made expressly to secure a current account or other further advances , and further advances are made by the prior mortgagee , he can hold the land as security for both the original loan and the further advances , unless he had notice of a [later] mortgage — registration ( except in certain special cases ) is not equivalent to notice .

If the mortgage deed imposes an obligation on the mortgagee to make further advances he gets priority for these advances even though he had notice of a subsequent mortgage .
if the mortgage deed imposes an obligation on the mortgagee to make further advances he gets priority for these advances even though he had notice of a [later] mortgage .

Subsequent Cabinet and Service Department screening in Whitehall reduced the figure to £4,700 million which was the most that the Treasury believed the economy could bear without being put on to a war footing .
[later] cabinet and service department screening in whitehall reduced the figure to £4,700 million which was the most that the treasury believed the economy could bear without being put on to a war footing .

It was the fall of King Farouk of Egypt in July 1952 and the subsequent rise of Colonel Nasser , not only as dictator of Egypt , but also as the leader of Arab Nationalism , that invalidated the Chiefs of Staffs assessment of the Middle East .
it was the fall of king farouk of egypt in july 1952 and the [later] rise of colonel nasser , not only as dictator of egypt , but also as the leader of arab nationalism , that invalidated the chiefs of staffs assessment of the middle east .

The crisis itself , and the subsequent failure of the Anglo-French efforts to topple Nasser , demonstrated where real power lay .
the crisis itself , and the [later] failure of the anglo-french efforts to topple nasser , demonstrated where real power lay .

In July , he authorized the conversion of the carrier Bulwark into a Commando Ship , and the inclusion in estimates of funds for the subsequent conversion of Albion as well .
in july , he authorized the conversion of the carrier bulwark into a commando ship , and the inclusion in estimates of funds for the [later] conversion of albion as well .

His subsequent disclaimer that he was not referring to the British nuclear deterrent , which was closely integrated in the Strategic Air Command 's target planning , but to de Gaulle 's Force de Frappe , lacked conviction — it was too near the truth for British comfort !
his [later] disclaimer that he was not referring to the british nuclear deterrent , which was closely integrated in the strategic air command 's target planning , but to de gaulle 's force de frappe , lacked conviction — it was too near the truth for british comfort !

The subsequent outrage from conservationists worldwide spread the gruesome story of Iki Island around the globe and the drives were curtailed after the international condemnation that followed the widespread publicity of the incident .
the [later] outrage from conservationists worldwide spread the gruesome story of iki island around the globe and the drives were curtailed after the international condemnation that followed the widespread publicity of the incident .

Subsequent bomb alerts caused travel chaos in the London Underground .
[later] bomb alerts caused travel chaos in the london underground .

The use of oils in the kitchen has greatly increased in the last few decades , influenced by foreign travel and the subsequent awareness of international cuisine .
the use of oils in the kitchen has greatly increased in the last few decades , influenced by foreign travel and the [later] awareness of international cuisine .

The revival of small-scale farmhouses cheeses and the subsequent interest in these individual products has been brought about partly by the farmers ' need to cut the amount of milk that they send to the Milk Marketing Board and partly by the public 's demand for ‘ real ’ cheeses with traditional texture and flavour .
the revival of small-scale farmhouses cheeses and the [later] interest in these individual products has been brought about partly by the farmers ' need to cut the amount of milk that they send to the milk marketing board and partly by the public 's demand for ‘ real ’ cheeses with traditional texture and flavour .

The third earl designed this house himself with a view to it being lived in by his eldest son and subsequent heirs .
the third earl designed this house himself with a view to it being lived in by his eldest son and [later] heirs .

Despite the aggrandizements to Biddick , the house was seldom used by subsequent Lambtons , who were forever increasing their fortunes , their titles and their castle .
despite the aggrandizements to biddick , the house was seldom used by [later] lambtons , who were forever increasing their fortunes , their titles and their castle .

His passion for his cousin prefigures many subsequent unfulfilled arousals later in his life exactly as , in moments of heightened sensibility , he reveals an almost Puritan recoil from any way of life that was not earnest , spiritually fruitful , and socially useful .
his passion for his cousin prefigures many [later] unfulfilled arousals later in his life exactly as , in moments of heightened sensibility , he reveals an almost puritan recoil from any way of life that was not earnest , spiritually fruitful , and socially useful .

The unkind letter he refers to gives an informed introduction to their subsequent life together and is here given in full with its immediate predecessor .
the unkind letter he refers to gives an informed introduction to their [later] life together and is here given in full with its immediate predecessor .

It could also tie his status as colossus to his subsequent performance in the Arab confrontation with Israel .
it could also tie his status as colossus to his [later] performance in the arab confrontation with israel .

More recently there has been the ( largely ineffective ) battle to stop the spread of franglais , involving the introduction of a law in 1975 and two subsequent government decrees banning the use of all American and English words and expressions in advertisements , official documents and on radio and television , whenever a French alternative was possible .
more recently there has been the ( largely ineffective ) battle to stop the spread of franglais , involving the introduction of a law in 1975 and two [later] government decrees banning the use of all american and english words and expressions in advertisements , official documents and on radio and television , whenever a french alternative was possible .

The study 's main measure of an acquisition 's success is the subsequent course of the acquirer 's share price compared with the share-price movement of a group of similar banks .
the study 's main measure of an acquisition 's success is the [later] course of the acquirer 's share price compared with the share-price movement of a group of similar banks .

Before the Gulf war , the cartel sanctioned two fare increases , which have yet to be reversed despite the subsequent fall in fuel prices .
before the gulf war , the cartel sanctioned two fare increases , which have yet to be reversed despite the [later] fall in fuel prices .

Many subsequently returned to their homes , all over the Soviet Union , where the local doctors may not know that they worked at Chernobyl and may therefore not recognise subsequent cancers or other problems as radiation-linked .
many subsequently returned to their homes , all over the soviet union , where the local doctors may not know that they worked at chernobyl and may therefore not recognise [later] cancers or other problems as radiation-linked .

Once again she split the party and proved in subsequent elections that the people regarded her family as the real Congress .
once again she split the party and proved in [later] elections that the people regarded her family as the real congress .

Blackpool , who offered just £2,000 against City 's valuation of £70,000 , will also have to hand over 25 per cent of any profit on a subsequent transfer .
blackpool , who offered just £2,000 against city 's valuation of £70,000 , will also have to hand over 25 per cent of any profit on a [later] transfer .

In subsequent decades the Prussians and Austrians struggled for supremacy over the German soul .
in [later] decades the prussians and austrians struggled for supremacy over the german soul .

The theory would appear to be borne out by his subsequent record : only one further final appearance , at Los Angeles , and eight losses to players ranked below him on the computer .
the theory would appear to be borne out by his [later] record : only one further final appearance , at los angeles , and eight losses to players ranked below him on the computer .

Between the 14th day of September 1987 and the 8th day of January 1988 conspired together and with other persons to defraud such persons who had or might have had an interest in dealing in shares in Blue Arrow , or National Westminster Bank , or in dealing on the Financial Times Stock Exchange 100 share index , namely : 2.1 By dishonestly concealing holdings of 19.39 per cent of the share capital of Blue Arrow ; 2.2 By falsely stating that all remaining shares not taken up in the rights issue by existing shareholders had been sold in the market ; 2.3 By falsely representing that 33,315,528 shares in Blue Arrow held by County NatWest Securities were held for the purposes of market making ; 2.4 By falsely representing that 34,069,433 shares in Blue Arrow held by Phillips & Drew Securities were held for the purposes of market making ; 2.5 By dealing off market with Union Bank of Switzerland in 28,201,743 shares in Blue Arrow when by reason of their connection with that company they were knowingly in possession of un-published price sensitive information ; 2.6 By creating a false instrument , namely a letter of indemnity dated 5 October 1987 from Nicholas Wells on behalf of County NatWest to Union Bank Of Switzerland ; 2.7 By engaging in a course of conduct which created a false or misleading impression as to the market in the shares of Blue Arrow for the purpose of creating such an impression and thereby influencing persons who might deal in those shares ; 2.8 By purchasing and retaining 2,150 Financial Times Stock Exchange 100 share index put option contracts to cover a risk of £51,500,000 whilst concealing from the market the true position in relation to the rights issue and the subsequent placing of shares in Blue Arrow , where Blue Arrow and National Westminster Bank were both component parts of that index .
between the 14th day of september 1987 and the 8th day of january 1988 conspired together and with other persons to defraud such persons who had or might have had an interest in dealing in shares in blue arrow , or national westminster bank , or in dealing on the financial times stock exchange 100 share index , namely : 2.1 by dishonestly concealing holdings of 19.39 per cent of the share capital of blue arrow ; 2.2 by falsely stating that all remaining shares not taken up in the rights issue by existing shareholders had been sold in the market ; 2.3 by falsely representing that 33,315,528 shares in blue arrow held by county natwest securities were held for the purposes of market making ; 2.4 by falsely representing that 34,069,433 shares in blue arrow held by phillips & drew securities were held for the purposes of market making ; 2.5 by dealing off market with union bank of switzerland in 28,201,743 shares in blue arrow when by reason of their connection with that company they were knowingly in possession of un-published price sensitive information ; 2.6 by creating a false instrument , namely a letter of indemnity dated 5 october 1987 from nicholas wells on behalf of county natwest to union bank of switzerland ; 2.7 by engaging in a course of conduct which created a false or misleading impression as to the market in the shares of blue arrow for the purpose of creating such an impression and thereby influencing persons who might deal in those shares ; 2.8 by purchasing and retaining 2,150 financial times stock exchange 100 share index put option contracts to cover a risk of £51,500,000 whilst concealing from the market the true position in relation to the rights issue and the [later] placing of shares in blue arrow , where blue arrow and national westminster bank were both component parts of that index .

It had lain undiscovered for years among the papers of the Grove family ( then of Wiltshire , now of Dorset ) , through which Hawkins was sifting as he researched Hardy 's subsequent relationship with Agnes Grove , Harriet 's kinswoman .
it had lain undiscovered for years among the papers of the grove family ( then of wiltshire , now of dorset ) , through which hawkins was sifting as he researched hardy 's [later] relationship with agnes grove , harriet 's kinswoman .

Perhaps the most interesting feature of the pattern is that Second Division clubs have continued to reach the semi-finals and finals despite the abolition of the footballer 's maximum wage in 1961 and the subsequent destruction of the retain and transfer system .
perhaps the most interesting feature of the pattern is that second division clubs have continued to reach the semi-finals and finals despite the abolition of the footballer 's maximum wage in 1961 and the [later] destruction of the retain and transfer system .

Hardly anyone in France apart from the Lafons , and now Ostertag , dares to risk refermentation in bottle and the subsequent deposit of anything other than a few tartrate crystals in a dry white wine .
hardly anyone in france apart from the lafons , and now ostertag , dares to risk refermentation in bottle and the [later] deposit of anything other than a few tartrate crystals in a dry white wine .

The charge is 10p per £10 on sales of less than £100 , rising to £1 on sales — purchases not exceeding £250 and 50p for every subsequent £125 transaction .
the charge is 10p per £10 on sales of less than £100 , rising to £1 on sales — purchases not exceeding £250 and 50p for every [later] £125 transaction .

Since beating Southampton in November , Coventry have failed to win any of their subsequent 10 games at home .
since beating southampton in november , coventry have failed to win any of their [later] 10 games at home .

On his next outing , the gelding defeated the subsequent Gold Cup winner Garrison Savannah by seven lengths .
on his next outing , the gelding defeated the [later] gold cup winner garrison savannah by seven lengths .

Old-age pensioners will constitute 15 per cent of the population — a figure expected to rise steeply in subsequent years .
old-age pensioners will constitute 15 per cent of the population — a figure expected to rise steeply in [later] years .

Indeed , the lower the blood pressure the better , because statistically it reduces the subsequent risks of stroke and heart attacks .
indeed , the lower the blood pressure the better , because statistically it reduces the [later] risks of stroke and heart attacks .

Jawless fish are particularly common in red rocks of the Silurian and Devonian periods , which was a time when non-marine rocks were widespread , and have survived subsequent erosion .
jawless fish are particularly common in red rocks of the silurian and devonian periods , which was a time when non-marine rocks were widespread , and have survived [later] erosion .

The subsequent development of the jaw enabled the vertebrates to exploit a wider range of lifestyles than were available to the jawless fish , and it would not be too gross a generalization to say that much of the evolution of the vertebrates was intimately related to things that happened to jaws .
the [later] development of the jaw enabled the vertebrates to exploit a wider range of lifestyles than were available to the jawless fish , and it would not be too gross a generalization to say that much of the evolution of the vertebrates was intimately related to things that happened to jaws .

The subsequent history of the amphibians includes a further development of terrestrial forms , but others remained wholly or partly aqueous .
the [later] history of the amphibians includes a further development of terrestrial forms , but others remained wholly or partly aqueous .

In a similar 1984 incident , phenol polluted 2 million peoples ' water on Merseyside , and although the public were told it was safe , a subsequent study found 40 per cent of consumers had at least one symptom of poisoning .
in a similar 1984 incident , phenol polluted 2 million peoples ' water on merseyside , and although the public were told it was safe , a [later] study found 40 per cent of consumers had at least one symptom of poisoning .

This is very clear from the results of the monetary union with East Germany and the subsequent massive mopping up operation in which the central government is engaging .
this is very clear from the results of the monetary union with east germany and the [later] massive mopping up operation in which the central government is engaging .

or , if you continue on your holiday , we will give you £20 compensation for the first 12 hours ' delay ; for each subsequent 12-hour delay we will give you a further £10 — up to a maximum of £60 per person in total .
or , if you continue on your holiday , we will give you £20 compensation for the first 12 hours ' delay ; for each [later] 12-hour delay we will give you a further £10 — up to a maximum of £60 per person in total .

With the massive expansion of mortgage lending and the subsequent use of interest rates to bring down inflation , the number of mortgages over 12 months in arrears rose from 59,690 in June 1991 to 91,740 by the end of the year .
with the massive expansion of mortgage lending and the [later] use of interest rates to bring down inflation , the number of mortgages over 12 months in arrears rose from 59,690 in june 1991 to 91,740 by the end of the year .

We will , over the lifetime of a Parliament , phase out the differential in child benefit between the first child and subsequent children ; reintroduce death and maternity grants ; increase the family premium for income support and family credit , and reform the system of cold-weather payments .
we will , over the lifetime of a parliament , phase out the differential in child benefit between the first child and [later] children ; reintroduce death and maternity grants ; increase the family premium for income support and family credit , and reform the system of cold-weather payments .

Subsequent theories ( notably the work of Herzberg ( 1974 ) ) have attempted to overcome these problems .
[later] theories ( notably the work of herzberg ( 1974 ) ) have attempted to overcome these problems .

Some soils however are on yet younger materials , the peats and windblown shelly sands which formed subsequent to the glaciations .
some soils however are on yet younger materials , the peats and windblown shelly sands which formed [later] to the glaciations .

His subsequent account of the Outer Hebrides ( MacGillivray , 1830 ) is one referred to by Campbell ( 1937 ) as outstanding .
his [later] account of the outer hebrides ( macgillivray , 1830 ) is one referred to by campbell ( 1937 ) as outstanding .

Subsequent work on vegetation is fully dealt with by Pankhurst elsewhere in this volume .
[later] work on vegetation is fully dealt with by pankhurst elsewhere in this volume .

It may be significant that neither the receipt of this memorandum , nor any subsequent action taken , is mentioned in the minutes of the management committee of the Grand Junction .
it may be significant that neither the receipt of this memorandum , nor any [later] action taken , is mentioned in the minutes of the management committee of the grand junction .

Studies of responses to both separation from the attachment object and subsequent reunion with it , yield unequivocal support to the proposition that attachments can and often do survive periods of absence , undiminished in strength , despite the fact that attachment behaviour may diminish in strength during the period of absence .
studies of responses to both separation from the attachment object and [later] reunion with it , yield unequivocal support to the proposition that attachments can and often do survive periods of absence , undiminished in strength , despite the fact that attachment behaviour may diminish in strength during the period of absence .

It seems that the initial agonism derives from a conflict over dominance and the subsequent sexual posturing reduces both aggressive and escape tendencies as the conflict over dominance is resolved .
it seems that the initial agonism derives from a conflict over dominance and the [later] sexual posturing reduces both aggressive and escape tendencies as the conflict over dominance is resolved .

it isolates action as being of interest in itself in a way that does not occur either in dramatic playing or performing . It also can isolate one action from another , so that the total sequence is not relevant ( concentration on washing one 's neck has little to do with the subsequent ‘ sea-side ’ actions — the action of washing one 's neck is but an arbitrary item in a string of actions ) ;
it isolates action as being of interest in itself in a way that does not occur either in dramatic playing or performing . it also can isolate one action from another , so that the total sequence is not relevant ( concentration on washing one 's neck has little to do with the [later] ‘ sea-side ’ actions — the action of washing one 's neck is but an arbitrary item in a string of actions ) ;

In a subsequent lesson the following episode is described :
in a [later] lesson the following episode is described :

Thus in my planning for subsequent lessons , the person in the drama who might die of cancer was never played by anyone in the group .
thus in my planning for [later] lessons , the person in the drama who might die of cancer was never played by anyone in the group .

You must n't forget to send off the notice to commence work , along with the inspection fee and the subsequent inspection notices , at the correct stages .
you must n't forget to send off the notice to commence work , along with the inspection fee and the [later] inspection notices , at the correct stages .

Although the obligation to provide instruction about maintenance is to be limited only to the first occupier , it is likely that subsequent purchasers will require the information to be passed on every time the property is sold .
although the obligation to provide instruction about maintenance is to be limited only to the first occupier , it is likely that [later] purchasers will require the information to be passed on every time the property is sold .

100 % of each subsequent year 's contribution , net of the monthly handling charge , will be invested in the Performance Fund .
100 % of each [later] year 's contribution , net of the monthly handling charge , will be invested in the performance fund .

The first of these assumes a direct link between what happens before someone behaves in a certain way and their subsequent actions :
the first of these assumes a direct link between what happens before someone behaves in a certain way and their [later] actions :

In the case of a second or subsequent baby , not only is the same amount of care necessary , but the needs of older children have to be dealt with too .
in the case of a second or [later] baby , not only is the same amount of care necessary , but the needs of older children have to be dealt with too .

There was a messy divorce and , in the subsequent custody proceedings , custody of Sarah ,
there was a messy divorce and , in the [later] custody proceedings , custody of sarah ,

The lesson was learned , and in subsequent years a photocall has been organized for the first day , when the Prince and Princess pose sweetly for the cameras on the understanding that thereafter the media will go home so the two can holiday in peace .
the lesson was learned , and in [later] years a photocall has been organized for the first day , when the prince and princess pose sweetly for the cameras on the understanding that thereafter the media will go home so the two can holiday in peace .

Campaigners for the Birmingham Six had hoped that a new Home Secretary might reconsider the convictions in the light of the discovery that the confessions of those convicted of the Guildford pub bombings had been fabricated , and the subsequent release of the four .
campaigners for the birmingham six had hoped that a new home secretary might reconsider the convictions in the light of the discovery that the confessions of those convicted of the guildford pub bombings had been fabricated , and the [later] release of the four .

MPs today begin investigating the events which led to the Government dropping its golden share in Jaguar and the subsequent deal to sell the company to Ford .
mps today begin investigating the events which led to the government dropping its golden share in jaguar and the [later] deal to sell the company to ford .

It was a linchpin of Lewis 's theism that thought itself was a metaphysical act ; his exploration of this theme in his book Miracles and the subsequent heated debate between himself and a fellow-Christian philosopher , Elizabeth Anscombe , provided one of the great academic sideshows in the Oxford of the late 1940s .
it was a linchpin of lewis 's theism that thought itself was a metaphysical act ; his exploration of this theme in his book miracles and the [later] heated debate between himself and a fellow-christian philosopher , elizabeth anscombe , provided one of the great academic sideshows in the oxford of the late 1940s .

The first lecture was on Comus ( subsequent talks on Milton had to move to the large lecture-room at the Taylorian Institute , the Divinity Schools being too small ) .
the first lecture was on comus ( [later] talks on milton had to move to the large lecture-room at the taylorian institute , the divinity schools being too small ) .

Some undergraduates seek simply to broaden their horizons and develop analytical skills ; others wish to acquire a more specialised knowledge to be used in a subsequent career .
some undergraduates seek simply to broaden their horizons and develop analytical skills ; others wish to acquire a more specialised knowledge to be used in a [later] career .

Another type is problem-solving calls , such as helping owners with injured dogs ( provoking enough interest for subsequent enquiries to be made about the dog 's progress ) ; giving impromptu lessons on road safety to young children who have narrowly avoided accidents ; and dealing with arguments between neighbours ( usually over noise ) and family disputes .
another type is problem-solving calls , such as helping owners with injured dogs ( provoking enough interest for [later] enquiries to be made about the dog 's progress ) ; giving impromptu lessons on road safety to young children who have narrowly avoided accidents ; and dealing with arguments between neighbours ( usually over noise ) and family disputes .

Yet subsequent projects revealed an almost unerring instinct for commercial blackspots .
yet [later] projects revealed an almost unerring instinct for commercial blackspots .

Nashwan won the Eclipse Stakes over the Champion Stakes distance at Sandown in July but was disappointing in the Group Two Prix Niel at Longchamp on his latest outing , finishing third to subsequent Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe flop Golden Pheasant .
nashwan won the eclipse stakes over the champion stakes distance at sandown in july but was disappointing in the group two prix niel at longchamp on his latest outing , finishing third to [later] prix de l'arc de triomphe flop golden pheasant .

Inevitably , few Georgian beerhouses or coaching inns survive in anything like their original form , having been comprehensively extended or altered in subsequent decades .
inevitably , few georgian beerhouses or coaching inns survive in anything like their original form , having been comprehensively extended or altered in [later] decades .

Choose large , firm , healthy specimens that are not visibly diseased or damaged and plant quickly , before they show signs of sprouting , as this can affect subsequent growth and flower quality .
choose large , firm , healthy specimens that are not visibly diseased or damaged and plant quickly , before they show signs of sprouting , as this can affect [later] growth and flower quality .

Many instructors are not careful , or thoughtful enough about either their initial teaching or their subsequent monitoring of their students as they do their own cockpit checks .
many instructors are not careful , or thoughtful enough about either their initial teaching or their [later] monitoring of their students as they do their own cockpit checks .

It is also important to differentiate here between the first flight of the day and subsequent flights .
it is also important to differentiate here between the first flight of the day and [later] flights .

It was this work , along with the subsequent brilliance of his public performances , that created his reputation as ‘ Canada 's leading young poet ’ : ‘ His virtues are his own , and they are considerable … at his best he expresses himself , sometimes whimsically , sometimes passionately , in speech which is beyond the capacity of mere formula to produce , ’ commented Allan Donaldson at the time .
it was this work , along with the [later] brilliance of his public performances , that created his reputation as ‘ canada 's leading young poet ’ : ‘ his virtues are his own , and they are considerable … at his best he expresses himself , sometimes whimsically , sometimes passionately , in speech which is beyond the capacity of mere formula to produce , ’ commented allan donaldson at the time .

This causes the contestant to try and get even closer to the opponent 's face with subsequent jabs , in order to pick up that elusive score .
this causes the contestant to try and get even closer to the opponent 's face with [later] jabs , in order to pick up that elusive score .

Flex your elbow strongly as the punch thrusts out , then use its subsequent pull-back to help unroll the strike .
flex your elbow strongly as the punch thrusts out , then use its [later] pull-back to help unroll the strike .

Next , pack the nose with cotton wool or gauze and make sure that you inform the referee in subsequent fights that you sustained this injury .
next , pack the nose with cotton wool or gauze and make sure that you inform the referee in [later] fights that you sustained this injury .

The importance of conversion to Christ and subsequent pursuit of the way of perfection was the centre .
the importance of conversion to christ and [later] pursuit of the way of perfection was the centre .

Spirituality was the lot of the clergy and the religious , who were judged to have left this crude level of human religious existence behind , through conversion and a subsequent , progressive spiritual change .
spirituality was the lot of the clergy and the religious , who were judged to have left this crude level of human religious existence behind , through conversion and a [later] , progressive spiritual change .

In his analysis of the popular culture which appeared among the promoters of the Pro-Life Campaign , set up to achieve a constitutional ban on abortion in the Republic in 1983 , O'Carroll pin-points certain characteristics , which can be abbreviated here : a monolithic and absolute view of the world , with its accompanying intolerance , derived in part from the direct consultation of clerics and politicians on public moral issues and the subsequent failure to develop an ethos of public debate ; a localized belief system , rooted in family and communal authority and issuing in a spirit of absolute conformity ; sexual prudery , a product partly of the inheritance problem ; and the development of acute anxiety when such beliefs — inhering partly as they do in their practice and shaping of society — are threatened .
in his analysis of the popular culture which appeared among the promoters of the pro-life campaign , set up to achieve a constitutional ban on abortion in the republic in 1983 , o'carroll pin-points certain characteristics , which can be abbreviated here : a monolithic and absolute view of the world , with its accompanying intolerance , derived in part from the direct consultation of clerics and politicians on public moral issues and the [later] failure to develop an ethos of public debate ; a localized belief system , rooted in family and communal authority and issuing in a spirit of absolute conformity ; sexual prudery , a product partly of the inheritance problem ; and the development of acute anxiety when such beliefs — inhering partly as they do in their practice and shaping of society — are threatened .

The clearest example of law as mediator of political religion in Ireland is the Irish constitution of 1937 and its subsequent interpretation .
the clearest example of law as mediator of political religion in ireland is the irish constitution of 1937 and its [later] interpretation .

John Alderson , the ex-chief constable of Devon and Cornwall has suffered even more from his subsequent public persona , because of a move into academia , some critical publications , and a flirtation with the political life .
john alderson , the ex-chief constable of devon and cornwall has suffered even more from his [later] public persona , because of a move into academia , some critical publications , and a flirtation with the political life .

For who within the service is seeking or is willing to dismantle these units whose power and autonomy has been growing in strides since the Royal Commission of 1960 and the subsequent Police Act of 1964 first created the amalgamated giants ?
for who within the service is seeking or is willing to dismantle these units whose power and autonomy has been growing in strides since the royal commission of 1960 and the [later] police act of 1964 first created the amalgamated giants ?

Subsequent owners are also reviewed up to their current owners .
[later] owners are also reviewed up to their current owners .

No recurrent attack is ever as bad as the primary one , and the frequency , severity , and duration of subsequent attacks all tend to diminish .
no recurrent attack is ever as bad as the primary one , and the frequency , severity , and duration of [later] attacks all tend to diminish .

The underwater connection of King Pot , in East Kingsdale , and Keld Head , in West Kingsdale , and the subsequent through dive , is a significant landmark in the history of underwater cave exploration in Britain and on a world scale .
the underwater connection of king pot , in east kingsdale , and keld head , in west kingsdale , and the [later] through dive , is a significant landmark in the history of underwater cave exploration in britain and on a world scale .

That sixties period and all the stories from the era were to play a massive role in Morrissey 's subsequent lyricism and his handling of The Smiths record sleeves : the stories , the Moors murders , Viv ( Spend , Spend , Spend ) Nicholson , Elsie Tanner ( the perfect Northern character so desperately attempting to escape to a better lifestyle ) , the stream of sixties Northern imagery films ( from The Family Way through Saturday Night and Sunday Morning to The Lovers ) and the countless left-overs from the Merseybeat era now parading their former moments of glory around working men 's clubs .
that sixties period and all the stories from the era were to play a massive role in morrissey 's [later] lyricism and his handling of the smiths record sleeves : the stories , the moors murders , viv ( spend , spend , spend ) nicholson , elsie tanner ( the perfect northern character so desperately attempting to escape to a better lifestyle ) , the stream of sixties northern imagery films ( from the family way through saturday night and sunday morning to the lovers ) and the countless left-overs from the merseybeat era now parading their former moments of glory around working men 's clubs .

Morrissey , in particular , would lock himself away behind a shield of management statements and subsequent verbal minders .
morrissey , in particular , would lock himself away behind a shield of management statements and [later] verbal minders .

Nevertheless , the subsequent press reviews demonstrated that no Smiths backlash was in motion .
nevertheless , the [later] press reviews demonstrated that no smiths backlash was in motion .

On a subsequent night the luck may run the other way .
on a [later] night the luck may run the other way .

Mrs Turpin did not know Bernard of Clairvaux 's observation , that the first step into pride is comparison , and the subsequent steps lead into a self-focused life .
mrs turpin did not know bernard of clairvaux 's observation , that the first step into pride is comparison , and the [later] steps lead into a self-focused life .

When samples are removed for examination , the remaining product in an unopened container should be destroyed and a fresh unopened container used for each subsequent examination .
when samples are removed for examination , the remaining product in an unopened container should be destroyed and a fresh unopened container used for each [later] examination .

This residue has been further moved by subsequent erosion and climate , and forms the soil we know today , which does not necessarily reflect the local underlying rock formation .
this residue has been further moved by [later] erosion and climate , and forms the soil we know today , which does not necessarily reflect the local underlying rock formation .

Such soil treatments , therefore , as ploughing in straw or green crops can only prove successful if conditions for the subsequent breakdown of the cellulose are present .
such soil treatments , therefore , as ploughing in straw or green crops can only prove successful if conditions for the [later] breakdown of the cellulose are present .

Unless this is done under ideal conditions the herbage may break down slowly , and while the soil population is engaged in this breakdown there may be a retarding effect on the growth of a subsequent crop ; the benefit occurring later .
unless this is done under ideal conditions the herbage may break down slowly , and while the soil population is engaged in this breakdown there may be a retarding effect on the growth of a [later] crop ; the benefit occurring later .

The smallholder , growing only a few rows , will probably ‘ dibble ’ the tubers into the original ridges by hand , thereby saving the subsequent ridging operation .
the smallholder , growing only a few rows , will probably ‘ dibble ’ the tubers into the original ridges by hand , thereby saving the [later] ridging operation .

This type of fence is very quickly and easily erected in the second and subsequent years if the materials are carefully put away ; it is the initial preparation and setting up that takes the time .
this type of fence is very quickly and easily erected in the second and [later] years if the materials are carefully put away ; it is the initial preparation and setting up that takes the time .

If you can get the crop off the ground and impervious to weather quickly , it hardly matters if the subsequent carting and storing are laborious — wait until you have guests to help .
if you can get the crop off the ground and impervious to weather quickly , it hardly matters if the [later] carting and storing are laborious — wait until you have guests to help .

This bugles-and-banners stridency , drowning out the elegant salon music of pre-war Europe 's Indian summer , culminated inexorably in the Great War and the subsequent rise of Fascist dictatorships .
this bugles-and-banners stridency , drowning out the elegant salon music of pre-war europe 's indian summer , culminated inexorably in the great war and the [later] rise of fascist dictatorships .

Subsequent research suggests that the probable total of demolitions is nearer double that figure .
[later] research suggests that the probable total of demolitions is nearer double that figure .

As a result of the meeting and subsequent publicity , it was resolved that the council would indeed proceed with compulsory purchase , that study would be undertaken to explore new uses for the building and that English Heritage would grant substantial aid for repairs .
as a result of the meeting and [later] publicity , it was resolved that the council would indeed proceed with compulsory purchase , that study would be undertaken to explore new uses for the building and that english heritage would grant substantial aid for repairs .

If even one of the many impurities had been highly toxic , as it might well have been , the non-toxicity of penicillin might have been completely masked , with unpredictable effects on subsequent work .
if even one of the many impurities had been highly toxic , as it might well have been , the non-toxicity of penicillin might have been completely masked , with unpredictable effects on [later] work .

What they said is not recorded , but memory has supplied subsequent writers with various versions .
what they said is not recorded , but memory has supplied [later] writers with various versions .

But the pathway to discovery was established and the scale on which resources were expended to make these discoveries represents a fantastic extravagance when it is compared with the few thousands of pounds available to Florey and his colleagues , and even with the subsequent development of the original penicillins in the United States .
but the pathway to discovery was established and the scale on which resources were expended to make these discoveries represents a fantastic extravagance when it is compared with the few thousands of pounds available to florey and his colleagues , and even with the [later] development of the original penicillins in the united states .

Several subsequent accounts have referred to Cooper as ‘ David Stirling 's driver ’ , but in fact Stirling always insisted on doing the driving himself .
several [later] accounts have referred to cooper as ‘ david stirling 's driver ’ , but in fact stirling always insisted on doing the driving himself .

There were many subsequent raids , carried out by small patrols , and it is difficult to build up a comprehensive picture of exactly what took place .
there were many [later] raids , carried out by small patrols , and it is difficult to build up a comprehensive picture of exactly what took place .

Subsequent correspondence established that the facts in the letter were correct .
[later] correspondence established that the facts in the letter were correct .

He does not reveal which way he voted in the subsequent secret ballot on the issue at the 1972 Conservative Party conference when Mr Powell 's amendment was defeated by 1,721 to 736 votes .
he does not reveal which way he voted in the [later] secret ballot on the issue at the 1972 conservative party conference when mr powell 's amendment was defeated by 1,721 to 736 votes .

But it is in 1985 and subsequent years that Sir Anthony finds the Department of Trade 's behaviour most lacking .
but it is in 1985 and [later] years that sir anthony finds the department of trade 's behaviour most lacking .

The subsequent rally in New York came too late to help London shares .
the [later] rally in new york came too late to help london shares .

Their subsequent career has met with approval from punters and critics , yet there 's that lingering feeling that they 're just chips off the Master 's block .
their [later] career has met with approval from punters and critics , yet there 's that lingering feeling that they 're just chips off the master 's block .

The fraudulent conduct of the poll , and the subsequent annullment , was deplored by the former President , Mr Jimmy Carter .
the fraudulent conduct of the poll , and the [later] annullment , was deplored by the former president , mr jimmy carter .

For example , the battle over Duich Moss on Islay was not really about conservation versus jobs — as subsequent events have proved — but about saving embarrassment in high places .
for example , the battle over duich moss on islay was not really about conservation versus jobs — as [later] events have proved — but about saving embarrassment in high places .

Subsequent matches are on $March 31 , April 14 and April 28 before the highlight of their calendar , the Ashford Slating and Tiling Classic , on Sunday May 26 .
[later] matches are on $march 31 , april 14 and april 28 before the highlight of their calendar , the ashford slating and tiling classic , on sunday may 26 .

Since the documents are full of the supernatural , the process of enquiry must strip away subsequent accretions .
since the documents are full of the supernatural , the process of enquiry must strip away [later] accretions .

In 1958 , Reginald Bassett lamented the fact ‘ that no study of the General Election of 1931 was made at the time on the lines of the extremely useful studies of the 1945 and subsequent General Elections sponsored by Nuffield College ’ .
in 1958 , reginald bassett lamented the fact ‘ that no study of the general election of 1931 was made at the time on the lines of the extremely useful studies of the 1945 and [later] general elections sponsored by nuffield college ’ .

He also underwent the unique experience of being asked by successive governments to take a hand in both the nationalisation of British Aerospace and its subsequent return to the private sector .
he also underwent the unique experience of being asked by successive governments to take a hand in both the nationalisation of british aerospace and its [later] return to the private sector .

The Acts passed by Labour Governments , the Wheatley Act ( 1924 ) and the Greenwood Act ( 1930 ) to assist local authorities , were both used very extensively by subsequent Conservative and National Governments .
the acts passed by labour governments , the wheatley act ( 1924 ) and the greenwood act ( 1930 ) to assist local authorities , were both used very extensively by [later] conservative and national governments .

It was not however for geographical reasons an acknowledgement that could have been applied across the Atlantic ; and subsequent history in the British Isles emphasised a rider or refinement without which the axiom itself is not complete .
it was not however for geographical reasons an acknowledgement that could have been applied across the atlantic ; and [later] history in the british isles emphasised a rider or refinement without which the axiom itself is not complete .

Political propaganda on the part of the American Relief Administration , by far the longest foreign source of aid , warped its judgement at the time , and the subsequent polarization of Russian-American relations has not improved the objectivity of later scholarly accounts of the Famine as seen through American eyes .
political propaganda on the part of the american relief administration , by far the longest foreign source of aid , warped its judgement at the time , and the [later] polarization of russian-american relations has not improved the objectivity of later scholarly accounts of the famine as seen through american eyes .

In the subsequent scramble for survival and enrichment which mounted towards the end of 1922 , it was not surprising that those who were slightly better off often took a kind of revenge in driving hard bargains with their poorer neighbours , as has been noted earlier .
in the [later] scramble for survival and enrichment which mounted towards the end of 1922 , it was not surprising that those who were slightly better off often took a kind of revenge in driving hard bargains with their poorer neighbours , as has been noted earlier .

Since all foreign relief organizations dealt with Pomgol and with Eiduk as chief plenipotentiary , subsequent non-Russian scholars have tended to over-concentrate on the workings of Pomgol and its guberniia equivalents .
since all foreign relief organizations dealt with pomgol and with eiduk as chief plenipotentiary , [later] non-russian scholars have tended to over-concentrate on the workings of pomgol and its guberniia equivalents .

Foreign relief organizations and subsequent students of their work have tended to exaggerate this dichotomy with regard to the Famine , but internal Soviet sources lend credence to the view that the sudden withdrawal of many kinds of domestic relief was premature .
foreign relief organizations and [later] students of their work have tended to exaggerate this dichotomy with regard to the famine , but internal soviet sources lend credence to the view that the sudden withdrawal of many kinds of domestic relief was premature .

The subsequent article almost writes itself .
the [later] article almost writes itself .

If , however , they were too pessimistic this should have been belied in the subsequent years since the Nigerian Indigenization Decree of 1972 , implemented from February 1974 , which reserved twenty-six activities in large-scale industry exclusively for Nigerian ownership ; foreign companies operating in these businesses had to sell out .
if , however , they were too pessimistic this should have been belied in the [later] years since the nigerian indigenization decree of 1972 , implemented from february 1974 , which reserved twenty-six activities in large-scale industry exclusively for nigerian ownership ; foreign companies operating in these businesses had to sell out .

This was the decisive factor in determining Kenya 's subsequent political and economic direction .
this was the decisive factor in determining kenya 's [later] political and economic direction .

The evidence also suggests that , in the two weeks between the Prime Minister 's return from Guadeloupe and the subsequent attempts to settle the public-service strikes , there was a remarkable absence of initiative in the Cabinet and Whitehall and an unusual mood of despondency in Number 10 Downing Street .
the evidence also suggests that , in the two weeks between the prime minister 's return from guadeloupe and the [later] attempts to settle the public-service strikes , there was a remarkable absence of initiative in the cabinet and whitehall and an unusual mood of despondency in number 10 downing street .

The ‘ winter of discontent ’ and the subsequent return of the Conservatives for what proved to be a very lengthy period of rule seemed to most observers to mark a profound watershed .
the ‘ winter of discontent ’ and the [later] return of the conservatives for what proved to be a very lengthy period of rule seemed to most observers to mark a profound watershed .

More controversially , Henderson linked subsequent failure with the inability of Britain to involve itself in ‘ Europe ’ .
more controversially , henderson linked [later] failure with the inability of britain to involve itself in ‘ europe ’ .

The subsequent Scarman Report on the Brixton riots spoke eloquently of the despair of unemployed young blacks , and their sense of alienation from the community and especially from the police , whose intolerance and insensitivity were deplored .
the [later] scarman report on the brixton riots spoke eloquently of the despair of unemployed young blacks , and their sense of alienation from the community and especially from the police , whose intolerance and insensitivity were deplored .

First stream is crossed by stone bridge within walls of old croft ( ruined ) ( c ) , subsequent streams can be stepped across and require no jumping .
first stream is crossed by stone bridge within walls of old croft ( ruined ) ( c ) , [later] streams can be stepped across and require no jumping .

Subsequent chapters are devoted to mastering various techniques and manoeuvres .
[later] chapters are devoted to mastering various techniques and manoeuvres .

Gachot then spun after running over some debris from the Patrese/Moreno incident and the subsequent tyre stop cost him time .
gachot then spun after running over some debris from the patrese/moreno incident and the [later] tyre stop cost him time .

Subsequent Escort reports from around Europe have said everything that we said on 29 August 1990 .
[later] escort reports from around europe have said everything that we said on 29 august 1990 .

This Marx and Engels were to attempt to do in more detail in their subsequent works .
this marx and engels were to attempt to do in more detail in their [later] works .

Even the rule of incest , Morgan and Engels argues , was a subsequent innovation .
even the rule of incest , morgan and engels argues , was a [later] innovation .

Engels , especially in subsequent editions of The Origin , was keen to incorporate new evidence for contemporary practises of what he believed was group marriage .
engels , especially in [later] editions of the origin , was keen to incorporate new evidence for contemporary practises of what he believed was group marriage .

In this Marx has been proved by subsequent anthropology to be quite right , and many anthropologists would argue that the attribution of the profit motive to people who do not have it has been the greatest hindrance to an understanding of pre-capitalist societies .
in this marx has been proved by [later] anthropology to be quite right , and many anthropologists would argue that the attribution of the profit motive to people who do not have it has been the greatest hindrance to an understanding of pre-capitalist societies .

We have seen how Marx 's and Engels 's ideas about pre-capitalist societies have been either supported or invalidated by subsequent knowledge .
we have seen how marx 's and engels 's ideas about pre-capitalist societies have been either supported or invalidated by [later] knowledge .

The daughter of Storm Bird has enjoyed a formative career typical of Luca Cumani 's juveniles , having been heavily nursed on her debut , over course and distance , before showing the benefit on subsequent outings , at Yarmouth and Goodwood .
the daughter of storm bird has enjoyed a formative career typical of luca cumani 's juveniles , having been heavily nursed on her debut , over course and distance , before showing the benefit on [later] outings , at yarmouth and goodwood .

Chapman studied medicine at Cambridge and , on graduating , even briefly practised it ; of more significance , however , in the light of his subsequent career , was a meeting with John Cleese , with whom he was to write and perform numerous sketches , most notably for David Frost .
chapman studied medicine at cambridge and , on graduating , even briefly practised it ; of more significance , however , in the light of his [later] career , was a meeting with john cleese , with whom he was to write and perform numerous sketches , most notably for david frost .

The subsequent economic ruin forced Mao to rein in the ‘ Great Leap ’ radical experiments in social engineering .
the [later] economic ruin forced mao to rein in the ‘ great leap ’ radical experiments in social engineering .

If Senna becomes champion , and to do it he must win in Japan and Australia , then Prost 's recent criticism of his treatment at the hands of Honda will immediately spring to mind regardless of a subsequent and rather naive document , signed by all sides and designed to give the impression that all is sweetness and light .
if senna becomes champion , and to do it he must win in japan and australia , then prost 's recent criticism of his treatment at the hands of honda will immediately spring to mind regardless of a [later] and rather naive document , signed by all sides and designed to give the impression that all is sweetness and light .

He went to New York to study at Union Theological Seminary , arriving just before the crash of the stock-market and all the subsequent social and economic turmoil which resulted .
he went to new york to study at union theological seminary , arriving just before the crash of the stock-market and all the [later] social and economic turmoil which resulted .

In the case of Appalachia , thousands of hectares have been destroyed by strip ( open-cast ) coal mining , and by the flooding , loss of agricultural land , soil erosion and pollution of fresh water supplies which had resulted from this wholesale desecration and the subsequent failure to attempt proper reclamation .
in the case of appalachia , thousands of hectares have been destroyed by strip ( open-cast ) coal mining , and by the flooding , loss of agricultural land , soil erosion and pollution of fresh water supplies which had resulted from this wholesale desecration and the [later] failure to attempt proper reclamation .

Subsequent workshops were used to train participants in the use of these coding sheets , how to decipher taxation rolls , how to conduct interviews effectively etc .
[later] workshops were used to train participants in the use of these coding sheets , how to decipher taxation rolls , how to conduct interviews effectively etc .

For contaminated groundwater , the standard process has generally been to pump-and-treat the water on-site , with subsequent recharging to the aquifer or disposal to a sewer .
for contaminated groundwater , the standard process has generally been to pump-and-treat the water on-site , with [later] recharging to the aquifer or disposal to a sewer .

This is also known as soil banking and involves the addition of microorganisms , nutrients , bulking agents , and/or contaminants to soil , with subsequent biodegradation occurring in the surface soil .
this is also known as soil banking and involves the addition of microorganisms , nutrients , bulking agents , and/or contaminants to soil , with [later] biodegradation occurring in the surface soil .

In these cases , as in most others , the microbial mixture is grown using the contaminated groundwater in above-ground bioreactors , with subsequent introduction to the subsurface and further , in situ , biodegradation .
in these cases , as in most others , the microbial mixture is grown using the contaminated groundwater in above-ground bioreactors , with [later] introduction to the subsurface and further , in situ , biodegradation .

Consequently a preparation containing no glycyrrhizic acid ( deglycyrrhizinised liquorice , CavedS , Rabro ) was marketed and subsequent research showed that its antiulcer effect was die to flavonoids such as licoflavonol ( 8 ) , licoricone ( 9 ) and kumatakenin ( 10 ) .
consequently a preparation containing no glycyrrhizic acid ( deglycyrrhizinised liquorice , caveds , rabro ) was marketed and [later] research showed that its antiulcer effect was die to flavonoids such as licoflavonol ( 8 ) , licoricone ( 9 ) and kumatakenin ( 10 ) .

The subsequent chapters , which are all highly mathematical , cover topics such as two-parameter theory , renormalisation group theory and stiff chains .
the [later] chapters , which are all highly mathematical , cover topics such as two-parameter theory , renormalisation group theory and stiff chains .

In joining John Dickinson at Croxley Mills in 1931 , Grant became one of the first qualified scientists to be employed by the paper industry and his contributions and experience proved invaluable to him throughout his subsequent career .
in joining john dickinson at croxley mills in 1931 , grant became one of the first qualified scientists to be employed by the paper industry and his contributions and experience proved invaluable to him throughout his [later] career .

It is hoped that an opportunity will be provided for the successful candidate to deliver a lecture to the Analytical Division on a suitable occasion subsequent to the presentation of the medal .
it is hoped that an opportunity will be provided for the successful candidate to deliver a lecture to the analytical division on a suitable occasion [later] to the presentation of the medal .

Boyd 's activities in the late Sixties set the pattern for his subsequent enterprises .
boyd 's activities in the late sixties set the pattern for his [later] enterprises .

The conference decision arose from an implicit assumption by the Carnegie Trustees that following a three-year funding of successful pilot schemes , subsequent responsibility would be assumed by LEAs .
the conference decision arose from an implicit assumption by the carnegie trustees that following a three-year funding of successful pilot schemes , [later] responsibility would be assumed by leas .

It is perhaps necessary to set the scene for this remarkable decade in the history of the District to show the ways in which the firm foundation for subsequent growth and consolidation was secured following a period of more than twenty years of uncertainty and improvision .
it is perhaps necessary to set the scene for this remarkable decade in the history of the district to show the ways in which the firm foundation for [later] growth and consolidation was secured following a period of more than twenty years of uncertainty and improvision .

But for this problem , the encouraging increase in student numbers in 1957- 58 — which was maintained in subsequent years and so marked the beginning of an upward trend — would probably have been apparent one year earlier .
but for this problem , the encouraging increase in student numbers in 1957- 58 — which was maintained in [later] years and so marked the beginning of an upward trend — would probably have been apparent one year earlier .

Jackson and Robinson in a research project Pupils and Staff in Residence ( 7 ) published in 1979 ( although the work was done between 1971 and 1974 ) found a gap between pupil-expectation of hostels and subsequent reality ; students complained of lack of family atmosphere and opportunity for involvement in decision-taking .
jackson and robinson in a research project pupils and staff in residence ( 7 ) published in 1979 ( although the work was done between 1971 and 1974 ) found a gap between pupil-expectation of hostels and [later] reality ; students complained of lack of family atmosphere and opportunity for involvement in decision-taking .

In subsequent camps , several men experienced visions of foreboding .
in [later] camps , several men experienced visions of foreboding .

The Earl of Essex , who was in overall charge of all the Parliamentary troops , with the advice of Cromwell , decided that the advance of the Royal troops on London must be halted , so he asked for volunteers from amongst the considerable number of apprentices in London ; armed them as best he could and they marched to Turnham Green where they were able to inflict such losses on the troops led by Prince Rupert that they were forced to withdraw , and there was no subsequent attempt to capture London .
the earl of essex , who was in overall charge of all the parliamentary troops , with the advice of cromwell , decided that the advance of the royal troops on london must be halted , so he asked for volunteers from amongst the considerable number of apprentices in london ; armed them as best he could and they marched to turnham green where they were able to inflict such losses on the troops led by prince rupert that they were forced to withdraw , and there was no [later] attempt to capture london .

In the following year , Napoleon was appointed as Commander-in-Chief of the French forces after his victories in Italy and , in subsequent years , he won such remarkable victories that he was able to appoint himself as First Consul in November 1799 , and was made Emperor in 1804 .
in the following year , napoleon was appointed as commander-in-chief of the french forces after his victories in italy and , in [later] years , he won such remarkable victories that he was able to appoint himself as first consul in november 1799 , and was made emperor in 1804 .

The first appreciable new residential development subsequent to the war , to take place in Chiswick , occurred in 1956 , on a section of land between the Cubitt 's Yacht Basin and the end house in Hartington Road , close to Chiswick Bridge over the River Thames .
the first appreciable new residential development [later] to the war , to take place in chiswick , occurred in 1956 , on a section of land between the cubitt 's yacht basin and the end house in hartington road , close to chiswick bridge over the river thames .

When those who had difficulty considered subsequent questions on training many were able to identify alternatives that would have allowed them to attend .
when those who had difficulty considered [later] questions on training many were able to identify alternatives that would have allowed them to attend .

He remembered the red-cheeked embarrassment , and his subsequent determination never to let it show again .
he remembered the red-cheeked embarrassment , and his [later] determination never to let it show again .

His subsequent promotion to the rank of brigadier was an indication of the growing military co-operation between Canada and the United States .
his [later] promotion to the rank of brigadier was an indication of the growing military co-operation between canada and the united states .

Data collected from files yielded a set of variables for three of the four teams on referrals , initial response ( allocation and assessment ) , services provided , and subsequent developments .
data collected from files yielded a set of variables for three of the four teams on referrals , initial response ( allocation and assessment ) , services provided , and [later] developments .

The team approach , in modified form , using case managers to co-ordinate team efforts , has received strong support in the recent Griffiths Report ( 1988 ) and subsequent White Paper ( 1990 ) in their recommendations regarding care for people within the community .
the team approach , in modified form , using case managers to co-ordinate team efforts , has received strong support in the recent griffiths report ( 1988 ) and [later] white paper ( 1990 ) in their recommendations regarding care for people within the community .

The recognition of parents who intentionally harmed their children could not be easily accommodated within the understanding of what these services were there to do : the scandals and the subsequent enquiries revealed time and again that social workers could not see what to lay people was painfully obvious , and what lawyers and other professionals ( with the benefit of hindsight ) constructed to be their duty to recognize .
the recognition of parents who intentionally harmed their children could not be easily accommodated within the understanding of what these services were there to do : the scandals and the [later] enquiries revealed time and again that social workers could not see what to lay people was painfully obvious , and what lawyers and other professionals ( with the benefit of hindsight ) constructed to be their duty to recognize .

Indeed , young people have the right to approach the youth department for assistance without needing the mediation of other adults or even without the consent of the parents ( although the subsequent intervention by the youth department requires parental consent ) , and the youth department in turn is obliged to consult young people in the development of new initiatives .
indeed , young people have the right to approach the youth department for assistance without needing the mediation of other adults or even without the consent of the parents ( although the [later] intervention by the youth department requires parental consent ) , and the youth department in turn is obliged to consult young people in the development of new initiatives .

Thus the three parts of the research number allowed for subsequent analysis of all the referrals received ( a ) as a group , ( b ) according to whether they were received in or out-of-hours and ( c ) according to the nature of the referral received .
thus the three parts of the research number allowed for [later] analysis of all the referrals received ( a ) as a group , ( b ) according to whether they were received in or out-of-hours and ( c ) according to the nature of the referral received .

For example in one three month period subsequent to this research ( September , October , November 1988 ) the team received referrals which resulted in five sets of care proceedings being instituted .
for example in one three month period [later] to this research ( september , october , november 1988 ) the team received referrals which resulted in five sets of care proceedings being instituted .

The Association 's view was influenced by war-time scarcities , and there have been subsequent changes in the structure of the industry .
the association 's view was influenced by war-time scarcities , and there have been [later] changes in the structure of the industry .

The tragic depopulation of the area by emigration had its roots in the collapse of the ancient clan system after the battle of Culloden in 1746 , and the subsequent ‘ clearances ’ or evictions of small tenants and sub-tenants to make way for much larger tenants to take up extensive sheep farming requiring very little labour .
the tragic depopulation of the area by emigration had its roots in the collapse of the ancient clan system after the battle of culloden in 1746 , and the [later] ‘ clearances ’ or evictions of small tenants and sub-tenants to make way for much larger tenants to take up extensive sheep farming requiring very little labour .

Just as Japan , a country dependent for 60% of its energy on oil , was a major sufferer when prices doubled in the second oil shock of 1979 , so it has been a major beneficiary of the subsequent fall in crude prices .
just as japan , a country dependent for 60% of its energy on oil , was a major sufferer when prices doubled in the second oil shock of 1979 , so it has been a major beneficiary of the [later] fall in crude prices .

They were described at the time as an attempt at ‘ counter-revolution ’ , and in subsequent years many thousands of Albanians have been arrested and punished .
they were described at the time as an attempt at ‘ counter-revolution ’ , and in [later] years many thousands of albanians have been arrested and punished .

Moreover , subsequent events suggest that Serbian nationalism is deeply entrenched in the Serbian Party .
moreover , [later] events suggest that serbian nationalism is deeply entrenched in the serbian party .

If the tough edges of ‘ Bizarro ’ are reinforced on subsequent albums , they will find themselves remaining worthy of excessive press coverage but selling fewer records .
if the tough edges of ‘ bizarro ’ are reinforced on [later] albums , they will find themselves remaining worthy of excessive press coverage but selling fewer records .

( McRobbie 1978 ) Subsequent work has challenged the view that political effects follow straightforwardly from the reading of particular genres and suggested that , in according texts all the power , and readers none , much of the debate about women readers is dangerously misogynist in tone : ( Light 1984 ) , Moss 1989b ) :
( mcrobbie 1978 ) [later] work has challenged the view that political effects follow straightforwardly from the reading of particular genres and suggested that , in according texts all the power , and readers none , much of the debate about women readers is dangerously misogynist in tone : ( light 1984 ) , moss 1989b ) :

Since the resurgence of the women 's movement in the early 1970s and its subsequent development into feminism ( less an activist social movement than a political body of thought and cultural practices ) , film , as Annette Kuhn and others have pointed out , has been high on the agenda of women working for social change .
since the resurgence of the women 's movement in the early 1970s and its [later] development into feminism ( less an activist social movement than a political body of thought and cultural practices ) , film , as annette kuhn and others have pointed out , has been high on the agenda of women working for social change .

Subsequent emollient correspondence has has healed the rift and Brady remains within Charlton 's embrace , his vast experience still on tap and offered enthusiastically .
[later] emollient correspondence has has healed the rift and brady remains within charlton 's embrace , his vast experience still on tap and offered enthusiastically .

By the time he left in 1931 it was clear to him that there was a need for the Dutch to establish trading and cultural links not only with Saudi Arabia but with the Yemen and Hadhramaut , and most of his subsequent career in Arabia was devoted to this end .
by the time he left in 1931 it was clear to him that there was a need for the dutch to establish trading and cultural links not only with saudi arabia but with the yemen and hadhramaut , and most of his [later] career in arabia was devoted to this end .

Its most notable musical directors — Von Bulow , Richard Strauss ( though primarily a composer ) , Nikisch , Furtwangler and Karajan — remain models on which subsequent conductors have based themselves .
its most notable musical directors — von bulow , richard strauss ( though primarily a composer ) , nikisch , furtwangler and karajan — remain models on which [later] conductors have based themselves .

If the 1957 explanation was false , the theory runs , then the subsequent loss of face would have been too great for a correction to be issued in Gromyko 's lifetime .
if the 1957 explanation was false , the theory runs , then the [later] loss of face would have been too great for a correction to be issued in gromyko 's lifetime .

In Seymour the House of Lords seemed to be principally concerned with manslaughter committed with a motor vehicle , but subsequent cases establish that the test of ‘ obvious and serious risk of physical injury to some person ’ is applicable to offences using different methods , such as fire .
in seymour the house of lords seemed to be principally concerned with manslaughter committed with a motor vehicle , but [later] cases establish that the test of ‘ obvious and serious risk of physical injury to some person ’ is applicable to offences using different methods , such as fire .

And yet the connection between withholding medical aid and subsequent death is surely closer than that between striking a child once and subsequent death .
and yet the connection between withholding medical aid and [later] death is surely closer than that between striking a child once and [later] death .

She was a typical Fifties phenomenon , a celebrity contrived out of sex appeal and publicity alone , both of them rather naive and innocent by the standards of subsequent hype and hoop-la .
she was a typical fifties phenomenon , a celebrity contrived out of sex appeal and publicity alone , both of them rather naive and innocent by the standards of [later] hype and hoop-la .

The subsequent punch-up led to such headlines as ‘ Go Home Mr. Dors And Take Diana With You ’ .
the [later] punch-up led to such headlines as ‘ go home mr. dors and take diana with you ’ .

If you have been away and the grass is long , just tip the grass in the first mowing , and lower the subsequent cuts gradually .
if you have been away and the grass is long , just tip the grass in the first mowing , and lower the [later] cuts gradually .

Subsequent treatment is the same as for softwood cuttings .
[later] treatment is the same as for softwood cuttings .

Lynch in fact , directed only the pilot and one of the subsequent eight one-hour episodes , turning the scripts he co-wrote with former Hill Street Blues man Mark Frost over to guest directors including Tim Hunter ( River 's Edge ) and Caleb Deschanel ( Crusoe ) .
lynch in fact , directed only the pilot and one of the [later] eight one-hour episodes , turning the scripts he co-wrote with former hill street blues man mark frost over to guest directors including tim hunter ( river 's edge ) and caleb deschanel ( crusoe ) .

Hands-on experience of studio machinery rendered somewhat rhetorical the question posed by Kael 's subsequent essay , ‘ Why Are Movies So Bad ?
hands-on experience of studio machinery rendered somewhat rhetorical the question posed by kael 's [later] essay , ‘ why are movies so bad ?

Family allowances were , indeed , suggested as a necessary feature of such a policy and were , incidentally , provided for the second child and subsequent children after the Second World War .
family allowances were , indeed , suggested as a necessary feature of such a policy and were , incidentally , provided for the second child and [later] children after the second world war .

We submit in subsequent chapters proposals for assistance to families in cash and services .
we submit in [later] chapters proposals for assistance to families in cash and services .

If the heat could not be sufficiently localised to avoid this , then the first solders had to have a higher melting point than the subsequent ones .
if the heat could not be sufficiently localised to avoid this , then the first solders had to have a higher melting point than the [later] ones .

Subsequent analysis of a sample drilled from the interior showed it was of bronze with no zinc present at all .
[later] analysis of a sample drilled from the interior showed it was of bronze with no zinc present at all .

At the most basic level , major museums must satisfy a requirement to produce inventories , regardless of any additional or subsequent developments .
at the most basic level , major museums must satisfy a requirement to produce inventories , regardless of any additional or [later] developments .

It is also typical of such practices that the menstruating woman withdraws into a separate secluded area or hut in subsequent monthly menses .
it is also typical of such practices that the menstruating woman withdraws into a separate secluded area or hut in [later] monthly menses .

But as historians they were more concerned with the past than the present , so they only gradually came to realize that the two were in many ways inseparable : both that remembering itself could be a help to the present lives of those telling their story , and also that the memory could be profoundly shaped by subsequent experience and this needed to be known to interpret it more effectively .
but as historians they were more concerned with the past than the present , so they only gradually came to realize that the two were in many ways inseparable : both that remembering itself could be a help to the present lives of those telling their story , and also that the memory could be profoundly shaped by [later] experience and this needed to be known to interpret it more effectively .

Adequate recruitment criteria and searching selection procedures are vital as is subsequent motivation and training .
adequate recruitment criteria and searching selection procedures are vital as is [later] motivation and training .

Most equipment will need partial or complete dismantling and subsequent reassembly and some components may be cleaned by methods different to those used on the main body .
most equipment will need partial or complete dismantling and [later] reassembly and some components may be cleaned by methods different to those used on the main body .

Therefore the subsequent histories of the two areas will diverge and a different relation between environment and people will develop in each of the two areas .
therefore the [later] histories of the two areas will diverge and a different relation between environment and people will develop in each of the two areas .

Any ‘ stable world ’ it presents is further overwhelmed by the progressive revelation that each narrator exists only as an imaginative device of a subsequent one , in a succession of evasions leading towards the unnamable author and the depths of an impulse to articulate , which can neither rest nor ever consummate its desires .
any ‘ stable world ’ it presents is further overwhelmed by the progressive revelation that each narrator exists only as an imaginative device of a [later] one , in a succession of evasions leading towards the unnamable author and the depths of an impulse to articulate , which can neither rest nor ever consummate its desires .

The subsequent evolution towards an apparently less recuperable writing would seem to bear this out .
the [later] evolution towards an apparently less recuperable writing would seem to bear this out .

His subsequent development , however , may be said to demonstrate an autonomous and self-referential orientation : his later works confirm the anti-representational and non-recuperable trend in postmodernist fiction .
his [later] development , however , may be said to demonstrate an autonomous and self-referential orientation : his later works confirm the anti-representational and non-recuperable trend in postmodernist fiction .

In Le Planétarium ( 1959 ) , however , although it is possible to attribute some of the sequences to the consciousnesses of the ‘ characters ’ involved , we are presented with conflicting narratives and interpretations of events emanating from insufficiently individuated figures , Her subsequent novels confirm this development towards a narrative discourse in which it is increasingly difficult to situate a perceiving consciousness .
in le planétarium ( 1959 ) , however , although it is possible to attribute some of the sequences to the consciousnesses of the ‘ characters ’ involved , we are presented with conflicting narratives and interpretations of events emanating from insufficiently individuated figures , her [later] novels confirm this development towards a narrative discourse in which it is increasingly difficult to situate a perceiving consciousness .

The subsequent evolution towards the production of fiction from which no coherent narrative perspective emerges would seem to demonstrate a measure of discontent with previous textual practice .
the [later] evolution towards the production of fiction from which no coherent narrative perspective emerges would seem to demonstrate a measure of discontent with previous textual practice .

In La Route des Flandres , for example , there is ample evidence that many of the fictional sequences emerge as a result of an exploration of the properties of certain words : the inherently fertile nature of language can be shown to have generated the subsequent text , and , through the use of metaphor and metonymy , the associations of both memory and language work together in the production of the text .
in la route des flandres , for example , there is ample evidence that many of the fictional sequences emerge as a result of an exploration of the properties of certain words : the inherently fertile nature of language can be shown to have generated the [later] text , and , through the use of metaphor and metonymy , the associations of both memory and language work together in the production of the text .

However , subsequent archaeologists proved him mistaken , seeing in Machu Picchu an important agricultural centre serving Cuzco ; others speculated that it may have been a religious centre , where handmaidens for the sun god lived .
however , [later] archaeologists proved him mistaken , seeing in machu picchu an important agricultural centre serving cuzco ; others speculated that it may have been a religious centre , where handmaidens for the sun god lived .

The subsequent dismemberment of Inca society showed the faint enthusiasm the Spaniards had for this opportunity , yet it was such an idea which had given the term ‘ mestizo ’ a dignity beyond its racist translations of ‘ half-breed ’ or ‘ half-caste ’ .
the [later] dismemberment of inca society showed the faint enthusiasm the spaniards had for this opportunity , yet it was such an idea which had given the term ‘ mestizo ’ a dignity beyond its racist translations of ‘ half-breed ’ or ‘ half-caste ’ .

Nicholson , while rejecting Corman as his ‘ mentor ’ gladly acknowledges the start and subsequent ten years ' work he gave him .
nicholson , while rejecting corman as his ‘ mentor ’ gladly acknowledges the start and [later] ten years ' work he gave him .

Nearly one quarter of the divorces in 1989 involved a second or subsequent divorce for one or both partners ( Table 4 ) .
nearly one quarter of the divorces in 1989 involved a second or [later] divorce for one or both partners ( table 4 ) .

It might be expected that subsequent cohorts of elderly people will be more likely to have children , and be survived by them , but other social and economic trends may reduce their ability and willingness to assume caring responsibilities for aged parents .
it might be expected that [later] cohorts of elderly people will be more likely to have children , and be survived by them , but other social and economic trends may reduce their ability and willingness to assume caring responsibilities for aged parents .

One suggestion is that pre-exposure to the context , by preventing the subsequent formation of context-target associations , might enhance latent inhibition because it ensures that particularly strong associations will be formed among the elements of the target itself .
one suggestion is that pre-exposure to the context , by preventing the [later] formation of context-target associations , might enhance latent inhibition because it ensures that particularly strong associations will be formed among the elements of the target itself .

They have suggested that the loss of associability suffered by a pre-exposed stimulus is determined not by the extent to which it is predicted by its antecedents but by the relationship it bears to subsequent events .
they have suggested that the loss of associability suffered by a pre-exposed stimulus is determined not by the extent to which it is predicted by its antecedents but by the relationship it bears to [later] events .

Subsequent experiments using these control procedures have produced inconsistent results .
[later] experiments using these control procedures have produced inconsistent results .

However this may be , Robinson ( 1955 ) , in common with most subsequent investigators of transfer from verbal pretraining to a perceptual task , made use of a quite different task procedure — a test of recognition memory in which the subject had to respond in one way to stimuli that had been presented in pre-training and in a different way to novel stimuli .
however this may be , robinson ( 1955 ) , in common with most [later] investigators of transfer from verbal pretraining to a perceptual task , made use of a quite different task procedure — a test of recognition memory in which the subject had to respond in one way to stimuli that had been presented in pre-training and in a different way to novel stimuli .

The positive transfer that occurred to a subsequent , simultaneous black-white tasks must , therefore , derive from some other source such as an increase in the distinctiveness of the cues .
the positive transfer that occurred to a [later] , simultaneous black-white tasks must , therefore , derive from some other source such as an increase in the distinctiveness of the cues .

And although Gibson 's initial concern was with verbal learning , subsequent experimental investigations of ‘ stimulus pre-differentiation ’ , as it came to be called , were conducted in a range of transfer paradigms .
and although gibson 's initial concern was with verbal learning , [later] experimental investigations of ‘ stimulus pre-differentiation ’ , as it came to be called , were conducted in a range of transfer paradigms .

She can challenge both the decision by members of Merseyside Police Authority to re-suspend her three months ago , and the subsequent introduction of fresh disciplinary charges against her , said Mr Justice Schiemann .
she can challenge both the decision by members of merseyside police authority to re-suspend her three months ago , and the [later] introduction of fresh disciplinary charges against her , said mr justice schiemann .

The Army , which he joined as a boy soldier , provided a comparative haven , yet Roberts 's subsequent military career was somewhat erratic .
the army , which he joined as a boy soldier , provided a comparative haven , yet roberts 's [later] military career was somewhat erratic .

Of the subsequent actions around Ukhrul , Sangshak and Litan , Field Marshal Slim later wrote : ‘ They resisted desperate night attacks which were closely supported by Japanese artillery , while by day snipers and shelling took their toll .
of the [later] actions around ukhrul , sangshak and litan , field marshal slim later wrote : ‘ they resisted desperate night attacks which were closely supported by japanese artillery , while by day snipers and shelling took their toll .

Games are played at a rate of 40 moves each in two hours thinking time followed by 20 moves in subsequent hours .
games are played at a rate of 40 moves each in two hours thinking time followed by 20 moves in [later] hours .

It will be on every player 's mind when he stands on the tee to give himself the best chance of an uphill putt , whether it be from that tee shot or a subsequent approach .
it will be on every player 's mind when he stands on the tee to give himself the best chance of an uphill putt , whether it be from that tee shot or a [later] approach .

Last August the insurers offered to pay them £500 a day for the first week they were detained , and then £300 a day for each subsequent week .
last august the insurers offered to pay them £500 a day for the first week they were detained , and then £300 a day for each [later] week .

In a subsequent newspaper interview she had voiced her hurt and anger that Abbado had not then even seen his child .
in a [later] newspaper interview she had voiced her hurt and anger that abbado had not then even seen his child .

Six hundred people in the business coughed up £2 10s 0d each , thereby becoming known as the Noble Six Hundred ; subsequent donations and the proceeds of Royal Variety performances meant that a nursing wing was added two years ago , and today there are 36 residents with a staff of 60 to look after them .
six hundred people in the business coughed up £2 10s 0d each , thereby becoming known as the noble six hundred ; [later] donations and the proceeds of royal variety performances meant that a nursing wing was added two years ago , and today there are 36 residents with a staff of 60 to look after them .

The committee is critical of our subsequent supervision , once having decided we should admit those companies .
the committee is critical of our [later] supervision , once having decided we should admit those companies .

Apply the second and subsequent coats , initially with the grain , with even backward and forward strokes , then with slightly less pressure across the grain , and finally with the grain again , drawing the tips of the bristles very lightly across the surface .
apply the second and [later] coats , initially with the grain , with even backward and forward strokes , then with slightly less pressure across the grain , and finally with the grain again , drawing the tips of the bristles very lightly across the surface .

With some , you 'll also need an adaptor , which you buy separately — it will also do for all subsequent lamps in that fitting .
with some , you 'll also need an adaptor , which you buy separately — it will also do for all [later] lamps in that fitting .

In the light of its subsequent success , the most important event was the authorisation of a £54million scheme to link the Midland and Southern electrified systems by reinstating the half-mile-long disused tunnel between Farringdon and Blackfriars .
in the light of its [later] success , the most important event was the authorisation of a £54million scheme to link the midland and southern electrified systems by reinstating the half-mile-long disused tunnel between farringdon and blackfriars .

And Pound 's generosity towards Eliot did not fail through subsequent decades , when nothing was more common among the English intelligentsia , especially the academic part of it , than to assail Pound with weapons picked from Eliot 's armoury .
and pound 's generosity towards eliot did not fail through [later] decades , when nothing was more common among the english intelligentsia , especially the academic part of it , than to assail pound with weapons picked from eliot 's armoury .

But since 1987 there has been added impetus to the development of the Taurus programme , triggered largely by the post-Big Bang boom in share dealing and the subsequent crash in 1987 .
but since 1987 there has been added impetus to the development of the taurus programme , triggered largely by the post-big bang boom in share dealing and the [later] crash in 1987 .

Wales 's instant reaction , a try by Arthur Emyr , and subsequent steady improvement , bringing well-crafted tries for Emyr and Robert Jones , promised more than was later fulfilled .
wales 's instant reaction , a try by arthur emyr , and [later] steady improvement , bringing well-crafted tries for emyr and robert jones , promised more than was later fulfilled .

One can compare the passage just quoted , which insists on the unknowability of the real world , with some of her subsequent remarks ; as , for instance , when she refers to her argument ‘ that literature represents the myths and imaginary versions of real social relationships ’ , and claims that ‘ a form of criticism which refuses to reproduce the pseudo-knowledge offered by the text provides a real knowledge of the work of literature ’ , or says that ‘ the task of criticism , then , is … to produce a real knowledge of history .
one can compare the passage just quoted , which insists on the unknowability of the real world , with some of her [later] remarks ; as , for instance , when she refers to her argument ‘ that literature represents the myths and imaginary versions of real social relationships ’ , and claims that ‘ a form of criticism which refuses to reproduce the pseudo-knowledge offered by the text provides a real knowledge of the work of literature ’ , or says that ‘ the task of criticism , then , is … to produce a real knowledge of history .

Instead , the management kept it open , and has seen its judgement vindicated by the subsequent recovery .
instead , the management kept it open , and has seen its judgement vindicated by the [later] recovery .

Players with two yellow cards would be able to sit out the subsequent one-match sus pension during an international friendly before the 24-nation tournament , Neuberger added .
players with two yellow cards would be able to sit out the [later] one-match sus pension during an international friendly before the 24-nation tournament , neuberger added .

Players with two yellow cards would be able to sit out the subsequent one-match suspension during an international friendly before the 24-nation tournament , Neuberger added .
players with two yellow cards would be able to sit out the [later] one-match suspension during an international friendly before the 24-nation tournament , neuberger added .

His subsequent career has been a switchback which reached its nadir five years ago , when Thomas Hearns produced a devastating right to the chin to knock him out and send him into retirement .
his [later] career has been a switchback which reached its nadir five years ago , when thomas hearns produced a devastating right to the chin to knock him out and send him into retirement .

This is a tiny fraction of order books and likely contracts of £2billion , although strikes at home lasting several days and the subsequent long stoppage at Boeing has limited the prospective gain above the £230million aerospace turnover achieved last year .
this is a tiny fraction of order books and likely contracts of £2billion , although strikes at home lasting several days and the [later] long stoppage at boeing has limited the prospective gain above the £230million aerospace turnover achieved last year .

Contrary to popular misconception , Britain received more than any other Western European country , yet its subsequent economic record proved to be less impressive .
contrary to popular misconception , britain received more than any other western european country , yet its [later] economic record proved to be less impressive .

‘ We propose continuing to completion on the basis that all material disclosure of relevant facts and circumstances has been made … and there is no foreseeable risk of subsequent invalidation of the European Commission 's approval of state aid as being incompatible with Treaty requirements . ’
‘ we propose continuing to completion on the basis that all material disclosure of relevant facts and circumstances has been made … and there is no foreseeable risk of [later] invalidation of the european commission 's approval of state aid as being incompatible with treaty requirements . ’

But for priority shareholders — customers of companies who will qualify for the 10p discount on each of the subsequent 70p part-payments should only sell when the price has risen as high as 150p to 160p .
but for priority shareholders — customers of companies who will qualify for the 10p discount on each of the [later] 70p part-payments should only sell when the price has risen as high as 150p to 160p .

But he feared the bill could be lost because the Government , by including the words ‘ any subsequent development of such embryos ’ in the bill 's long title , was permitting debate on abortion time limits .
but he feared the bill could be lost because the government , by including the words ‘ any [later] development of such embryos ’ in the bill 's long title , was permitting debate on abortion time limits .

There is some suspicion that the wheel , as with some other mills , may have originally been an external one and has been enclosed by subsequent extensions .
there is some suspicion that the wheel , as with some other mills , may have originally been an external one and has been enclosed by [later] extensions .

He suspected a young lawyer , a man whose name never came to light , even in the subsequent trial .
he suspected a young lawyer , a man whose name never came to light , even in the [later] trial .

At his subsequent trial , Charles Woolridge was to take the contradictory step of pleading not guilty , but the outcome was a foregone conclusion ; he was unanimously convicted .
at his [later] trial , charles woolridge was to take the contradictory step of pleading not guilty , but the outcome was a foregone conclusion ; he was unanimously convicted .

At the subsequent hearing all records from the coroner 's office pertaining to cause of death were conveniently mislaid .
at the [later] hearing all records from the coroner 's office pertaining to cause of death were conveniently mislaid .

However , both the photograph , caption and the subsequent text leave open the issue of whether Sellafield was , or was not , the cause of the elevated radiocaesium levels measured in Cumbrian sheep after the Chernobyl accident .
however , both the photograph , caption and the [later] text leave open the issue of whether sellafield was , or was not , the cause of the elevated radiocaesium levels measured in cumbrian sheep after the chernobyl accident .

There was an increase in the population of central and northern Italy which led to a rapid development of agriculture , a rise in general prosperity and a subsequent increase in merchant goods .
there was an increase in the population of central and northern italy which led to a rapid development of agriculture , a rise in general prosperity and a [later] increase in merchant goods .

The site was used again during the subsequent plague in 1630 .
the site was used again during the [later] plague in 1630 .

It is , however , possible to identify risk factors for subsequent mentally handicapped children once one has been conceived .
it is , however , possible to identify risk factors for [later] mentally handicapped children once one has been conceived .

The chances of Down 's recurring in a subsequent birth is also rare in most instances .
the chances of down 's recurring in a [later] birth is also rare in most instances .

Although the subsequent pathological tests had suggested complications , there was no evidence to suggest that survival prospects were unreasonable .
although the [later] pathological tests had suggested complications , there was no evidence to suggest that survival prospects were unreasonable .

‘ This shattering blow and the effect of their subsequent decision on their lives is the subject of ‘ John David ’ .
‘ this shattering blow and the effect of their [later] decision on their lives is the subject of ‘ john david ’ .

There were of , course , side effects especially with the poisonous remedies such as Arsenicum , and the desire to eliminate these toxic effects led him to develop , in 1815 , the method of trituration and subsequent liquid dilution and succussion , we know as the centesimal potencies .
there were of , course , side effects especially with the poisonous remedies such as arsenicum , and the desire to eliminate these toxic effects led him to develop , in 1815 , the method of trituration and [later] liquid dilution and succussion , we know as the centesimal potencies .

With the dissolving in liquid , and subsequent shaking of the bottle before each dose , the potency is gradually raised , expanded , and intensified to continually stimulate the vital force at regular intervals .
with the dissolving in liquid , and [later] shaking of the bottle before each dose , the potency is gradually raised , expanded , and intensified to continually stimulate the vital force at regular intervals .

Before preparing subsequent doses , succuss or shake the stock bottle by hitting it into the palm of your hand 8 to 12 times .
before preparing [later] doses , succuss or shake the stock bottle by hitting it into the palm of your hand 8 to 12 times .

Roger Lonsdale 's subsequent anthology Eighteenth Century Women Poets ( 1989 ) has raised Leapor 's stature even further .
roger lonsdale 's [later] anthology eighteenth century women poets ( 1989 ) has raised leapor 's stature even further .

Apart from the reservations already expressed concerning Ashraf 's work , it should also be observed that she emphasizes writers from the end of the century and later , especially as they relate to chartism and subsequent developments .
apart from the reservations already expressed concerning ashraf 's work , it should also be observed that she emphasizes writers from the end of the century and later , especially as they relate to chartism and [later] developments .

Yet it would be wrong to forget that Duck 's fame and subsequent influence as a poet was very much a result of patronage .
yet it would be wrong to forget that duck 's fame and [later] influence as a poet was very much a result of patronage .

If he had not so perceived it , the Tsar lost no time in pointing it out , for on each subsequent occasion when an attempt was made by Paris to draw closer to St Petersburg the Russians raised the question of the Black Sea Clauses .
if he had not so perceived it , the tsar lost no time in pointing it out , for on each [later] occasion when an attempt was made by paris to draw closer to st petersburg the russians raised the question of the black sea clauses .

In view of subsequent denials by all concerned that the King of Prussia had been directly involved in events leading up to Leopold 's decision , it is worth noting that not only was the King present but also the Crown Prince of Prussia , Leopold , and his father Prince Anthony .
in view of [later] denials by all concerned that the king of prussia had been directly involved in events leading up to leopold 's decision , it is worth noting that not only was the king present but also the crown prince of prussia , leopold , and his father prince anthony .

Fourteen other workers involved in the subsequent clean-up operation also received extremely high radiation doses .
fourteen other workers involved in the [later] clean-up operation also received extremely high radiation doses .

Furthermore , power — the subsequent basis of the national State — was personal , attached to the person of the ruler , not to an impersonal agency like the State .
furthermore , power — the [later] basis of the national state — was personal , attached to the person of the ruler , not to an impersonal agency like the state .

In all subsequent cases , national liberation was the route to enter an established system of States ( which sanctioned the newcomer ) .
in all [later] cases , national liberation was the route to enter an established system of states ( which sanctioned the newcomer ) .

Many of the nationalists abandoned the hopes of a popular movement , and in subsequent years came to rely upon forces other than popular struggle : Bismarck and the rulers of Prussia , and the House of Savoy .
many of the nationalists abandoned the hopes of a popular movement , and in [later] years came to rely upon forces other than popular struggle : bismarck and the rulers of prussia , and the house of savoy .

Despite its subsequent reputation , however , Stalin 's account is a poor one .
despite its [later] reputation , however , stalin 's account is a poor one .

Neil MacEachan , a school teacher from the village of Howbeg on South Uist , remained with Prince Charles throughout all his subsequent adventures and wanderings in Scotland ; and he accompanied Charles Edward on the final escape to France .
neil maceachan , a school teacher from the village of howbeg on south uist , remained with prince charles throughout all his [later] adventures and wanderings in scotland ; and he accompanied charles edward on the final escape to france .

Barton had clinched the world title — his subsequent victory in the Billabong was almost a formality .
barton had clinched the world title — his [later] victory in the billabong was almost a formality .

Throughout a long history , Dent was the administrative , electoral and scholastic centre of a wide rural district but suffered a slow decline in importance with the founding and subsequent development of a large public school in neighbouring Sedbergh , pronounced Sedber .
throughout a long history , dent was the administrative , electoral and scholastic centre of a wide rural district but suffered a slow decline in importance with the founding and [later] development of a large public school in neighbouring sedbergh , pronounced sedber .

The lack of any real constraints on the executive branch has led to a crisis of overgovernability , in which executive proposals quickly become law via a quiescent Parliament without sufficient consultation , scrutiny , or debate and without any possibility of subsequent judicial challenge .
the lack of any real constraints on the executive branch has led to a crisis of overgovernability , in which executive proposals quickly become law via a quiescent parliament without sufficient consultation , scrutiny , or debate and without any possibility of [later] judicial challenge .

As we shall see in subsequent chapters , the approach they have taken to fundamental freedoms has on a number of important occasions been radically different and altogether more liberal than has been the case here .
as we shall see in [later] chapters , the approach they have taken to fundamental freedoms has on a number of important occasions been radically different and altogether more liberal than has been the case here .

In subsequent proceedings for false imprisonment , it was admitted that the sole reason for arresting her was the constable 's opinion that ‘ police inquiries were more likely to be fruitful in clearing up the case if Mrs. Mohammed-Holgate were compelled to go to the police station to be questioned there ’ .
in [later] proceedings for false imprisonment , it was admitted that the sole reason for arresting her was the constable 's opinion that ‘ police inquiries were more likely to be fruitful in clearing up the case if mrs. mohammed-holgate were compelled to go to the police station to be questioned there ’ .

Subsequent notification to each individual affected by a suspended measure might well jeopardise the long-term purpose that originally prompted the surveillance .
[later] notification to each individual affected by a suspended measure might well jeopardise the long-term purpose that originally prompted the surveillance .

In subsequent criminal proceedings , the High Court held that the police had a power to enter and remain on private property , against the wishes of the occupier , if they reasonably apprehended either that the commission of an offence was ‘ imminent or likely ’ or that any breach of the peace was likely to occur .
in [later] criminal proceedings , the high court held that the police had a power to enter and remain on private property , against the wishes of the occupier , if they reasonably apprehended either that the commission of an offence was ‘ imminent or likely ’ or that any breach of the peace was likely to occur .

That period of his life also freed him for his experiments in other kinds of theatre which , although he never reverted to them after taking on his Stuttgart responsibilities , enriched his subsequent work .
that period of his life also freed him for his experiments in other kinds of theatre which , although he never reverted to them after taking on his stuttgart responsibilities , enriched his [later] work .

On the Derwent Ings in Yorkshire , the subdivision of the land into small hay plots and the subsequent pasturing were administered by a court leet , which annually appointed ‘ Ings Masters ’ , who still manage the pastures at East Cottingwith and Newton .
on the derwent ings in yorkshire , the subdivision of the land into small hay plots and the [later] pasturing were administered by a court leet , which annually appointed ‘ ings masters ’ , who still manage the pastures at east cottingwith and newton .

An expensive all-concrete , all-dredge , work-from-both-sides approach may in certain cases have much to recommend it to a few of the more old-fashioned river managers , especially since the cutting of straight ditches involves minimum initial design and subsequent supervision , combined with maximum actual earth-moving and construction works on the ground .
an expensive all-concrete , all-dredge , work-from-both-sides approach may in certain cases have much to recommend it to a few of the more old-fashioned river managers , especially since the cutting of straight ditches involves minimum initial design and [later] supervision , combined with maximum actual earth-moving and construction works on the ground .

After this bold statement of intention , the Secretary of State , in subsequent instructions to the newly formed committee , showed some awareness of the contradictory requirements of a satisfactory 18 + examination .
after this bold statement of intention , the secretary of state , in [later] instructions to the newly formed committee , showed some awareness of the contradictory requirements of a satisfactory 18 + examination .

‘ Smiles down at us today . His conversion to Islam , his rejection of that faith and the subsequent , troubled period , when the disease had made him all but unrecognizable to any but a few close friends , are things we may wish to pass over today , but — ’
‘ smiles down at us today . his conversion to islam , his rejection of that faith and the [later] , troubled period , when the disease had made him all but unrecognizable to any but a few close friends , are things we may wish to pass over today , but — ’

In 1071 , this conflict resulted in the capture and exile of Garcia and the subsequent division of his lands between Sancho and Alfonso .
in 1071 , this conflict resulted in the capture and exile of garcia and the [later] division of his lands between sancho and alfonso .

Another of many criteria to be identified could be the subsequent or continuing costs , economic and social , of proceeding with a particular treatment .
another of many criteria to be identified could be the [later] or continuing costs , economic and social , of proceeding with a particular treatment .

The subsequent application of such rules or guidelines must properly be left to those with particular knowledge of the circumstances of the cases in question .
the [later] application of such rules or guidelines must properly be left to those with particular knowledge of the circumstances of the cases in question .

Those of the gods who are not subject to destruction , having observed the course of one period , know from this everything which is going to happen in all subsequent periods .
those of the gods who are not subject to destruction , having observed the course of one period , know from this everything which is going to happen in all [later] periods .

Thucydides fixed the beginning of the war and dated subsequent events by counting how many years had elapsed from the start .
thucydides fixed the beginning of the war and dated [later] events by counting how many years had elapsed from the start .

’ This atomistic view of time was associated with a drastically contingent and acausal concept of the world , its existence at one instant not implying its existence at any subsequent instant .
’ this atomistic view of time was associated with a drastically contingent and acausal concept of the world , its existence at one instant not implying its existence at any [later] instant .

Disorder was again evident in 1982 and in subsequent years , although on a reduced scale ( Benyon and Solomos , 1987 ) .
disorder was again evident in 1982 and in [later] years , although on a reduced scale ( benyon and solomos , 1987 ) .

Much of the subsequent controversy about this analysis centred on the question of youth unemployment .
much of the [later] controversy about this analysis centred on the question of youth unemployment .

If so , perhaps the explosion and the subsequent punishment have brought him to his senses , for an upsurge in his form was highlighted by a violent century against Leicestershire .
if so , perhaps the explosion and the [later] punishment have brought him to his senses , for an upsurge in his form was highlighted by a violent century against leicestershire .

Epic were the memories of the subsequent hearty celebrations , with the Hampshire players soaked in ‘ Lordship 's ’ champagne ; with the train back to Southampton ‘ virtually rocked ’ by the near hysterical merrymaking ; with , in a final Wooster-like-oddity , Tennyson having first led his team to the train for Northampton , where , indeed , Warwickshire were playing the next day .
epic were the memories of the [later] hearty celebrations , with the hampshire players soaked in ‘ lordship 's ’ champagne ; with the train back to southampton ‘ virtually rocked ’ by the near hysterical merrymaking ; with , in a final wooster-like-oddity , tennyson having first led his team to the train for northampton , where , indeed , warwickshire were playing the next day .

The growth in knowledge of organic chemistry after the Second World War and the subsequent introduction of chemical nitrates , pesticides and hormones to promote intensive farming both of land and livestock has led to immense environmental difficulties .
the growth in knowledge of organic chemistry after the second world war and the [later] introduction of chemical nitrates , pesticides and hormones to promote intensive farming both of land and livestock has led to immense environmental difficulties .

The reasons for their subsequent divorce were not vouchsafed .
the reasons for their [later] divorce were not vouchsafed .

Embattled by constant touring and overwork expectations , fatigue wore the shine off their subsequent music .
embattled by constant touring and overwork expectations , fatigue wore the shine off their [later] music .

It is bad for morale , and therefore bad for your performance in subsequent interviews , if you are constantly rejected because you are clearly unsuitable for the jobs for which you apply .
it is bad for morale , and therefore bad for your performance in [later] interviews , if you are constantly rejected because you are clearly unsuitable for the jobs for which you apply .

Establishing a degree of basic trust is a key foundation-stone upon which subsequent social development can build .
establishing a degree of basic trust is a key foundation-stone upon which [later] social development can build .

Unmitigated infantile anger , and subsequent envy of what the other possesses , has a murderous quality .
unmitigated infantile anger , and [later] envy of what the other possesses , has a murderous quality .

When a child is born and a twosome becomes a threesome , more blueprint patterns begin to operate , as they do again when second and subsequent children are born .
when a child is born and a twosome becomes a threesome , more blueprint patterns begin to operate , as they do again when second and [later] children are born .

There appears to be a clear trend allying census tracts that experienced faster revitalisation and declining deprivation prior to 1980 with subsequent public and private investment .
there appears to be a clear trend allying census tracts that experienced faster revitalisation and declining deprivation prior to 1980 with [later] public and private investment .

The subsequent crossing ‘ in the finest weather that could be wished ’ was reminiscent of Prince Charles 's negotiation of the River Esk four months before ; the troops ‘ with great cheerfulness ’ waded through water that ‘ came up to their middles ’ , to be rewarded on the far bank with rum and a biscuit .
the [later] crossing ‘ in the finest weather that could be wished ’ was reminiscent of prince charles 's negotiation of the river esk four months before ; the troops ‘ with great cheerfulness ’ waded through water that ‘ came up to their middles ’ , to be rewarded on the far bank with rum and a biscuit .

Subsequent entries on his report card show Hermann enjoying his new job delivering films to cinemas , paying off his debts and making toys in his spare time .
[later] entries on his report card show hermann enjoying his new job delivering films to cinemas , paying off his debts and making toys in his spare time .

It did not respond to earlier or subsequent corrective action using the ailerons , and the nose pitched past the vertical in the ensuing dive .
it did not respond to earlier or [later] corrective action using the ailerons , and the nose pitched past the vertical in the ensuing dive .

The pilot assumed that at this point the aircraft had stalled , and he noted that the ailerons seemed ineffective as if ( he said ) they had become detached ( subsequent investigation proved this not to be the case ) .
the pilot assumed that at this point the aircraft had stalled , and he noted that the ailerons seemed ineffective as if ( he said ) they had become detached ( [later] investigation proved this not to be the case ) .

It is only necessary to imagine a rabbit 's reactions and its subsequent behaviour once it realises that there is an unwelcome visitor within the burrow system .
it is only necessary to imagine a rabbit 's reactions and its [later] behaviour once it realises that there is an unwelcome visitor within the burrow system .

If the warren and burrow systems are first cleared in the autumn , subsequent work in the area on other systems is likely to lead to rabbits evicted from one set of burrows going to ground elsewhere .
if the warren and burrow systems are first cleared in the autumn , [later] work in the area on other systems is likely to lead to rabbits evicted from one set of burrows going to ground elsewhere .

The subsequent night
the [later] night

The subsequent fate of the cup , which appeared to archaeologists to be of Greek design and bearing ribbing resembling that of one found at Mycenae , is uncertain .
the [later] fate of the cup , which appeared to archaeologists to be of greek design and bearing ribbing resembling that of one found at mycenae , is uncertain .

Could Castle Dore even challenge Tintagel as being at the root of the Arthurian legends ? One Cornish historian at least believed that the name of the tenement Car Hurles , by Castle Dore , is a link with the ancient castle of Gorlais , the Celtic prince wedded to Igraine . Uther Pendragon 's lust for Igraine , his murder of Gorlais , his seduction of Igraine and her subsequent giving birth to Arthur form the basis of the Arthurian legend !
could castle dore even challenge tintagel as being at the root of the arthurian legends ? one cornish historian at least believed that the name of the tenement car hurles , by castle dore , is a link with the ancient castle of gorlais , the celtic prince wedded to igraine . uther pendragon 's lust for igraine , his murder of gorlais , his seduction of igraine and her [later] giving birth to arthur form the basis of the arthurian legend !

Parliament has now recognised that local authorities should be left to judge for themselves what local legislation is desirable , but in a tidying-up process all powers under local Acts in force on 1st April 1974 which were not preserved by subsequent general or local legislation automatically expired at the end of 1984 .
parliament has now recognised that local authorities should be left to judge for themselves what local legislation is desirable , but in a tidying-up process all powers under local acts in force on 1st april 1974 which were not preserved by [later] general or local legislation automatically expired at the end of 1984 .

Descriptions of how this is done are found in subsequent chapters .
descriptions of how this is done are found in [later] chapters .

Subsequent evidence suggests that the proportion of losers may be even higher .
[later] evidence suggests that the proportion of losers may be even higher .

Anthony King , in his seminal article on overload , published in 1975 , commented on ‘ the increasing difficulty that both major political parties seem to have in carrying out their election manifestos ’ and cast his mind back thirty years to find the standard from which subsequent administrations had fallen : ‘ The fit between what the Labour Party said it would do in 1945 and what the Labour Government actually achieved between 1945 and 1951 is astonishingly close .
anthony king , in his seminal article on overload , published in 1975 , commented on ‘ the increasing difficulty that both major political parties seem to have in carrying out their election manifestos ’ and cast his mind back thirty years to find the standard from which [later] administrations had fallen : ‘ the fit between what the labour party said it would do in 1945 and what the labour government actually achieved between 1945 and 1951 is astonishingly close .

The political nation his administration inherited in July 1945 was , by historical and subsequent standards , a highly self-disciplined one .
the political nation his administration inherited in july 1945 was , by historical and [later] standards , a highly self-disciplined one .

As the fixture was in aid of disabled veterans of the Great War , it was held close to Armistice Day each subsequent year .
as the fixture was in aid of disabled veterans of the great war , it was held close to armistice day each [later] year .

Chapman 's influence on the subsequent development of football is all-pervading .
chapman 's influence on the [later] development of football is all-pervading .

Effective allocation of funds , and subsequent monitoring of expenditure , is the basis for ensuring that library policy ( as discussed in the previous chapter ) is translated into provision .
effective allocation of funds , and [later] monitoring of expenditure , is the basis for ensuring that library policy ( as discussed in the previous chapter ) is translated into provision .

For instance in a university library a new work of research in a subject relevant to the university 's research interests is sure to be ordered , whatever the book 's subsequent reception by reviewers , or its physical format , or ( within bounds ) its price .
for instance in a university library a new work of research in a subject relevant to the university 's research interests is sure to be ordered , whatever the book 's [later] reception by reviewers , or its physical format , or ( within bounds ) its price .

In fact Peasgood suggests , in one of the few surveys which have been carried out in this area , that selection in academic libraries from the ‘ book in hand ’ was found to be no more effective than selection from lists ( effectiveness being measured in terms of subsequent issues ) .
in fact peasgood suggests , in one of the few surveys which have been carried out in this area , that selection in academic libraries from the ‘ book in hand ’ was found to be no more effective than selection from lists ( effectiveness being measured in terms of [later] issues ) .

Although it was more mundane than its northern contemporary , it had a greater influence on subsequent town planning because it was not conceived as industrial housing but as a genuine attempt to improve living conditions for the working classes and encourage independence .
although it was more mundane than its northern contemporary , it had a greater influence on [later] town planning because it was not conceived as industrial housing but as a genuine attempt to improve living conditions for the working classes and encourage independence .

Many famous locomotives were built here , especially for the subsequent London and North Eastern Railway .
many famous locomotives were built here , especially for the [later] london and north eastern railway .

The chief architect of the subsequent dock system built in the nineteenth century was Jesse Hartley , and Albert Dock is his greatest monument .
the chief architect of the [later] dock system built in the nineteenth century was jesse hartley , and albert dock is his greatest monument .

Hoping to make a fortune for himself , he invests his savings , and induces Clennam to do likewise , in one of Merdle 's companies , the subsequent collapse of which involves the ruin of them both .
hoping to make a fortune for himself , he invests his savings , and induces clennam to do likewise , in one of merdle 's companies , the [later] collapse of which involves the ruin of them both .

Born in a Preston slum , and upbraided as ‘ a worldly little devil ’ by his harridan mother because he longs for food and warmth , his acute fear of being thought worldly dominates his subsequent life , causing him to be misunderstood and exploited .
born in a preston slum , and upbraided as ‘ a worldly little devil ’ by his harridan mother because he longs for food and warmth , his acute fear of being thought worldly dominates his [later] life , causing him to be misunderstood and exploited .

Subsequent agreements
[later] agreements

However , the second notice was clearly given in breach of contract and it was indicated that in any subsequent wrongful dismissal action , damages might include a sum for the loss of the right to claim unfair dismissal to which the employee would have been entitled had the contract been honoured .
however , the second notice was clearly given in breach of contract and it was indicated that in any [later] wrongful dismissal action , damages might include a sum for the loss of the right to claim unfair dismissal to which the employee would have been entitled had the contract been honoured .

Provide a written description of the waste prior to its transfer which is sufficient to enable the next ( and possibly subsequent ) holder to comply with the duty .
provide a written description of the waste prior to its transfer which is sufficient to enable the next ( and possibly [later] ) holder to comply with the duty .

The producer 's duty ends here unless there is cause to suspect a subsequent breach .
the producer 's duty ends here unless there is cause to suspect a [later] breach .

This may result in increased sodium reabsorption with subsequent increased exchangeable body sodium ( De Chatel et al , 1977 ) .
this may result in increased sodium reabsorption with [later] increased exchangeable body sodium ( de chatel et al , 1977 ) .

Albrink demonstrated a similar association in a subsequent study , with 82 per cent of diabetics greater than 50 years of age with clinically apparent atherosclerosis having triglyceride levels greater than 1.7 mmol/l compared to 50 per cent of those without atherosclerosis ( Albrink , 1974 ) .
albrink demonstrated a similar association in a [later] study , with 82 per cent of diabetics greater than 50 years of age with clinically apparent atherosclerosis having triglyceride levels greater than 1.7 mmol/l compared to 50 per cent of those without atherosclerosis ( albrink , 1974 ) .

Subsequent experimental work has cast doubt on this suggestion .
[later] experimental work has cast doubt on this suggestion .

At low concentrations of collagen , platelet aggregation is dependent on the release of arachidonic acid from platelet membrane phospholipid and the subsequent metabolism of arachidonic acid via the prostaglandin pathway ( Packham , 1976 ) .
at low concentrations of collagen , platelet aggregation is dependent on the release of arachidonic acid from platelet membrane phospholipid and the [later] metabolism of arachidonic acid via the prostaglandin pathway ( packham , 1976 ) .

These authors postulate that in as yet an unexplained way it is the accumulation of these lipid-laden foam cells in the sub-endothelium that damage the endothelium , thus allowing the subsequent developments in the formation of the atheromatous plaque to proceed .
these authors postulate that in as yet an unexplained way it is the accumulation of these lipid-laden foam cells in the sub-endothelium that damage the endothelium , thus allowing the [later] developments in the formation of the atheromatous plaque to proceed .

The amount of uplift produced by thrusting and the rate of subsequent erosion are important and particularly hard to estimate .
the amount of uplift produced by thrusting and the rate of [later] erosion are important and particularly hard to estimate .

Furthermore , such migrated oil is likely to have been displaced by subsequent migrating gas .
furthermore , such migrated oil is likely to have been displaced by [later] migrating gas .

This would have the effect of rendering the reactive vitrinite component inert and therefore thermally more stable , with the result that subsequent reburial would not exceed the temperature threshold for hydrocarbon-producing reactions to occur .
this would have the effect of rendering the reactive vitrinite component inert and therefore thermally more stable , with the result that [later] reburial would not exceed the temperature threshold for hydrocarbon-producing reactions to occur .

During subsequent episodes of sulphate and chloride deposition , dense , residual brines were formed in saline lagoon , sabkha and playa environments .
during [later] episodes of sulphate and chloride deposition , dense , residual brines were formed in saline lagoon , sabkha and playa environments .

As a result , patches of replacement anhydrite were removed to form vugs , and extensive brecciation took place either by collapse of the carbonates as interbedded evaporites were dissolved , or by karstification during exposure and the collapse of resultant solution channels and caves during subsequent reburial ( Pennington 1975 ; Brennand and van Veen 1975 ) .
as a result , patches of replacement anhydrite were removed to form vugs , and extensive brecciation took place either by collapse of the carbonates as interbedded evaporites were dissolved , or by karstification during exposure and the collapse of resultant solution channels and caves during [later] reburial ( pennington 1975 ; brennand and van veen 1975 ) .

Over the years since the granting of the Royal Charter in 1948 , honorary graduates , starting with the first Chancellor , Lord Trent , have included politicians , musicians , men and women of letters , scientists , industrialists , lawyers , sporting personalities , all subsequent Chancellors and Vice-Chancellors and several long-serving senior employees of the University .
over the years since the granting of the royal charter in 1948 , honorary graduates , starting with the first chancellor , lord trent , have included politicians , musicians , men and women of letters , scientists , industrialists , lawyers , sporting personalities , all [later] chancellors and vice-chancellors and several long-serving senior employees of the university .

The nature of the organisation and the staff it employs tends to lead to a greater commitment to any investigation and subsequent changes , particularly if it is felt that they could eventually benefit the residents .
the nature of the organisation and the staff it employs tends to lead to a greater commitment to any investigation and [later] changes , particularly if it is felt that they could eventually benefit the residents .

Each sub-system of the model was given a decimal code so that an audit trail could be established for the subsequent detailed analysis .
each sub-system of the model was given a decimal code so that an audit trail could be established for the [later] detailed analysis .

An impression of the extent of expansion and subsequent volume of data can be gathered from the illustration in Fig 11.9 , which also summarises the stages of the exercise up to this point .
an impression of the extent of expansion and [later] volume of data can be gathered from the illustration in fig 11.9 , which also summarises the stages of the exercise up to this point .

As with most research projects covering unfamiliar ground , it was not clear at the time how this would help the subsequent investigation , but it met the immediate need to record the results in a concise and tidy manner .
as with most research projects covering unfamiliar ground , it was not clear at the time how this would help the [later] investigation , but it met the immediate need to record the results in a concise and tidy manner .

The subsequent interviews reinforced the view that the detail of the information base was too fine in its original form to be the basis of searching questions , and some summation was found to be necessary to avoid redundancy , or posing questions that could insult the intelligence of the interviewee .
the [later] interviews reinforced the view that the detail of the information base was too fine in its original form to be the basis of searching questions , and some summation was found to be necessary to avoid redundancy , or posing questions that could insult the intelligence of the interviewee .

After leaving the section , the completed forms are passed to the department personnel section for verification of the claimants eligibility , and then processed by the data preparation section of the Finance department onto the main computer for subsequent issue of cheques .
after leaving the section , the completed forms are passed to the department personnel section for verification of the claimants eligibility , and then processed by the data preparation section of the finance department onto the main computer for [later] issue of cheques .

These elements of the wider system are in turn influenced by factors of the surrounding environment , for example the liability for income tax imposed by the Inland Revenue , trade union agreements , market trading conditions , and , for public service organisations in particular , the policies of central government , and initiatives such as the introduction of the community charge and the subsequent effect on local authority revenue .
these elements of the wider system are in turn influenced by factors of the surrounding environment , for example the liability for income tax imposed by the inland revenue , trade union agreements , market trading conditions , and , for public service organisations in particular , the policies of central government , and initiatives such as the introduction of the community charge and the [later] effect on local authority revenue .

As a consequence , the claims missed the normal weekly batch-processing of data into the organisation 's mainframe computer , and the subsequent delay in receiving the expenses cheques was greater than the actual time taken to reprocess the forms within the section .
as a consequence , the claims missed the normal weekly batch-processing of data into the organisation 's mainframe computer , and the [later] delay in receiving the expenses cheques was greater than the actual time taken to reprocess the forms within the section .

In the subsequent paper ( Yurtsever , 1989 a ) , he has shown that these same conclusions are also reached in the case when the polarization of the approaching waves is arbitrary .
in the [later] paper ( yurtsever , 1989 a ) , he has shown that these same conclusions are also reached in the case when the polarization of the approaching waves is arbitrary .

It follows from this that stronger approaching gravitational waves would produce a shorter proper time between the collision and the subsequent horizon .
it follows from this that stronger approaching gravitational waves would produce a shorter proper time between the collision and the [later] horizon .

This can be continued to the subsequent horizon .
this can be continued to the [later] horizon .

In particular , it has been shown that the proper time between the collision and the subsequent singularity is inversely proportional to the square root of the amplitudes of the impulsive components of the approaching waves .
in particular , it has been shown that the proper time between the collision and the [later] singularity is inversely proportional to the square root of the amplitudes of the impulsive components of the approaching waves .

In an important paper , Bell and Szekeres ( 1974 ) gave an exact solution which describes the collision and subsequent interaction of two electromagnetic plane waves .
in an important paper , bell and szekeres ( 1974 ) gave an exact solution which describes the collision and [later] interaction of two electromagnetic plane waves .

Throughout the interaction region subsequent to the collision they have obtained a complete set of bounded normal modes that are expressed in terms of spin-weighted spherical harmonics .
throughout the interaction region [later] to the collision they have obtained a complete set of bounded normal modes that are expressed in terms of spin-weighted spherical harmonics .

This , in turn , provides a basis for analysis of case-mix and volume and their subsequent management .
this , in turn , provides a basis for analysis of case-mix and volume and their [later] management .

Both linguistic and legal grounds make the second of these hypotheses the more plausible : the response seems to be tailored ( drastically ) to fit the preceding enquiry , in which only subsequent debts are considered ; there is no reason why this trust clause should be thought invalid , as other texts confirm .
both linguistic and legal grounds make the second of these hypotheses the more plausible : the response seems to be tailored ( drastically ) to fit the preceding enquiry , in which only [later] debts are considered ; there is no reason why this trust clause should be thought invalid , as other texts confirm .

Where a trust had validly been set up ( which depended on the solvency of the settlor ) , the subsequent insolvency of trustees or beneficiaries was irrelevant to its continuance .
where a trust had validly been set up ( which depended on the solvency of the settlor ) , the [later] insolvency of trustees or beneficiaries was irrelevant to its continuance .

We suggest that the first-born child tends to get a bigger party and more presents than subsequent children .
we suggest that the first-born child tends to get a bigger party and more presents than [later] children .

The statement of results is the point at which these regrets can be voiced , since they can guide subsequent researchers in the field .
the statement of results is the point at which these regrets can be voiced , since they can guide [later] researchers in the field .

In all , it is little short of a miracle that the subsequent report bears any relation to the actual occurrence at all — and sometimes it does not .
in all , it is little short of a miracle that the [later] report bears any relation to the actual occurrence at all — and sometimes it does not .

The most informal interview will be one where the interviewer , having once started the interview off on the theme in which he is interested , allows the informant to dictate the subsequent situation .
the most informal interview will be one where the interviewer , having once started the interview off on the theme in which he is interested , allows the informant to dictate the [later] situation .

But in many cases of recording factual information , opinions , attitudes and even physical characteristics ( such as domestic facilities within a house ) , work done by the schedule designer before the questions are asked , or the observations made , can be repaid a dozen times over by the ease with which subsequent analysis can then be carried out .
but in many cases of recording factual information , opinions , attitudes and even physical characteristics ( such as domestic facilities within a house ) , work done by the schedule designer before the questions are asked , or the observations made , can be repaid a dozen times over by the ease with which [later] analysis can then be carried out .

sex , age , marital status , social class ) will be relevant to subsequent analyses .
sex , age , marital status , social class ) will be relevant to [later] analyses .

Classificatory data provide one side of the subsequent table for analysis purposes .
classificatory data provide one side of the [later] table for analysis purposes .

But where results can be presented in tabular form it does seem reasonable to expect that there is sufficient uniformity of approach to have allowed for more than one interviewer , and , of course , for subsequent repetition of the interviews , so as to replicate the enquiry .
but where results can be presented in tabular form it does seem reasonable to expect that there is sufficient uniformity of approach to have allowed for more than one interviewer , and , of course , for [later] repetition of the interviews , so as to replicate the enquiry .

In subsequent races this will be on their mind and create a major obstacle to future success .
in [later] races this will be on their mind and create a major obstacle to future success .

Subsequent lines are indented 0.5″ ( the default tab width ) .
[later] lines are indented 0.5″ ( the default tab width ) .

This was often to be a disturbing element in many of the subsequent trials when children 's uncorroborated evidence sent many to prison and to the gallows .
this was often to be a disturbing element in many of the [later] trials when children 's uncorroborated evidence sent many to prison and to the gallows .

The following years of unrelieved deception and destruction were tinged with the happiness of Terry 's apparent conversion to Christ and subsequent church work .
the following years of unrelieved deception and destruction were tinged with the happiness of terry 's apparent conversion to christ and [later] church work .

The ascending ramus and incisor alveolus of the mandible were also broken after one event , with the subsequent separation of the incisor from the mandible .
the ascending ramus and incisor alveolus of the mandible were also broken after one event , with the [later] separation of the incisor from the mandible .

They occur during fossilization , with loss of the organic component of bone and its replacement by minerals ; the possible transport of bone after fossilization and its subsequent exposure to weathering ; and the various biases and modifications introduced by incomplete excavation and inadequate preservation and storage of specimens in museums .
they occur during fossilization , with loss of the organic component of bone and its replacement by minerals ; the possible transport of bone after fossilization and its [later] exposure to weathering ; and the various biases and modifications introduced by incomplete excavation and inadequate preservation and storage of specimens in museums .

This will form the basis for the subsequent interpretation of the fossil faunas from Westbury-sub-Mendip .
this will form the basis for the [later] interpretation of the fossil faunas from westbury-sub-mendip .

More frequent and more extensive damage is evident on all the subsequent categories .
more frequent and more extensive damage is evident on all the [later] categories .

Tony 's successful partnership with Steve Kember was a key reason for our 1969 promotion to Division One , and for our subsequent continued presence there , but Tony also played for us in a variety of positions , from attacking winger on his debut , to left-back . In fact he became known as Tony ‘ play me anywhere as long as you play me ’ Taylor !
tony 's successful partnership with steve kember was a key reason for our 1969 promotion to division one , and for our [later] continued presence there , but tony also played for us in a variety of positions , from attacking winger on his debut , to left-back . in fact he became known as tony ‘ play me anywhere as long as you play me ’ taylor !

It seems unlikely that such discrete and precise measurement is something which can be effortlessly and efficiently stored away in the teacher 's mind in the everyday bustle of school life for subsequent ‘ after-school ’ recording .
it seems unlikely that such discrete and precise measurement is something which can be effortlessly and efficiently stored away in the teacher 's mind in the everyday bustle of school life for [later] ‘ after-school ’ recording .

( Subsequent opinion — Hunting , Smith — is that the disease was glanders ) .
( [later] opinion — hunting , smith — is that the disease was glanders ) .

the work force for the next and subsequent years
the work force for the next and [later] years

Indeed where objectives are negotiated and agreed in collaboration with school or department colleagues , then there is usually more support and subsequent action following placements .
indeed where objectives are negotiated and agreed in collaboration with school or department colleagues , then there is usually more support and [later] action following placements .

In soliciting response to analysis and subsequent proposals produced out of higher level partnerships , it would be asking for local ideas to be contributed to the whole .
in soliciting response to analysis and [later] proposals produced out of higher level partnerships , it would be asking for local ideas to be contributed to the whole .

Whatever control method is chosen it must be rigorously adhered to and where specialised equipment is installed the design is all important , as is the correct operation and regular maintenance of such equipment in order to minimise any breakdown and subsequent odour problem .
whatever control method is chosen it must be rigorously adhered to and where specialised equipment is installed the design is all important , as is the correct operation and regular maintenance of such equipment in order to minimise any breakdown and [later] odour problem .

One local authority in tackling the problem of odour nuisance from maggot farms in their area not only insisted on the installation of catalytic incineration equipment but on disposal of the sawdust waste , which still contained some maggots after sieving , by bagging and subsequent incineration in the municipal incinerator , instead of burying the waste as had been done previously .
one local authority in tackling the problem of odour nuisance from maggot farms in their area not only insisted on the installation of catalytic incineration equipment but on disposal of the sawdust waste , which still contained some maggots after sieving , by bagging and [later] incineration in the municipal incinerator , instead of burying the waste as had been done previously .

semantic preferences in the form of the expectations of some predicates for certain kinds of arguments ( Wilks 1975 and much subsequent work ) ;
semantic preferences in the form of the expectations of some predicates for certain kinds of arguments ( wilks 1975 and much [later] work ) ;

Sometimes these first impressions are so strong that they stubbornly linger and defy revision even when different signals are being transmitted by subsequent visual behaviours .
sometimes these first impressions are so strong that they stubbornly linger and defy revision even when different signals are being transmitted by [later] visual behaviours .

Or this at least was the academic orthodoxy , and by examining this and subsequent debates we should have a clearer idea of the analytical tools which can be of help in understanding the changing nature of local politics in Britain .
or this at least was the academic orthodoxy , and by examining this and [later] debates we should have a clearer idea of the analytical tools which can be of help in understanding the changing nature of local politics in britain .

In 1969 Miliband 's book The State in Capitalist Society , and the author 's subsequent debate with Poulantzas , set the tone for a renewed academic debate about the nature of the state .
in 1969 miliband 's book the state in capitalist society , and the author 's [later] debate with poulantzas , set the tone for a renewed academic debate about the nature of the state .

The 1987 ( and subsequent ) Pay and Conditions Order set down a clear statutory requirement upon headteachers to consult with the staff of the school .
the 1987 ( and [later] ) pay and conditions order set down a clear statutory requirement upon headteachers to consult with the staff of the school .

Not only will everyone then understand why it has been arrived at , they will also be able to address and/or review it over subsequent years .
not only will everyone then understand why it has been arrived at , they will also be able to address and/or review it over [later] years .

They needed no professional help with the evening 's drinking but arose magically clear-headed and eagle-eyed for each subsequent day 's golf .
they needed no professional help with the evening 's drinking but arose magically clear-headed and eagle-eyed for each [later] day 's golf .

The two subsequent courses , passed in conversation with Jack Butler , took no time at all .
the two [later] courses , passed in conversation with jack butler , took no time at all .

During the subsequent week , she had ridden three winners , only one of which was for Bill Templeman .
during the [later] week , she had ridden three winners , only one of which was for bill templeman .

She won her subsequent litigation but as far as penis envy goes , it was a bitter experience .
she won her [later] litigation but as far as penis envy goes , it was a bitter experience .

If you do n't have at least two acres for the first horse and at least one per subsequent animal sharing the land , you have n't got enough for satisfactory winter keep and should be looking for an alternative .
if you do n't have at least two acres for the first horse and at least one per [later] animal sharing the land , you have n't got enough for satisfactory winter keep and should be looking for an alternative .

Gasification involves not only heating the coal ( as in carbonisation ) but also the subsequent reaction of the coke or char produced with air , oxygen , steam or various mixtures of them .
gasification involves not only heating the coal ( as in carbonisation ) but also the [later] reaction of the coke or char produced with air , oxygen , steam or various mixtures of them .

Subsequent years showed that this was not typical .
[later] years showed that this was not typical .

Subjects who were asked the questions when under hypnosis made significantly more errors in their subsequent descriptions of events .
subjects who were asked the questions when under hypnosis made significantly more errors in their [later] descriptions of events .

In a Minnesota case in 1979 , for instance , a young intern 's casual comment that a laceration appeared to have been caused by a knife later led the injured woman to change her story completely and come to believe , under hypnosis , that she was stabbed repeatedly , despite subsequent medical evidence .
in a minnesota case in 1979 , for instance , a young intern 's casual comment that a laceration appeared to have been caused by a knife later led the injured woman to change her story completely and come to believe , under hypnosis , that she was stabbed repeatedly , despite [later] medical evidence .

Although some 10 million American workers are regularly exposed to dangerous chemicals or radiation , very little is known about links between induced genetic damage and subsequent disease .
although some 10 million american workers are regularly exposed to dangerous chemicals or radiation , very little is known about links between induced genetic damage and [later] disease .

In subsequent sections , he deals with the Solar System , the stars , stellar revolution .
in [later] sections , he deals with the solar system , the stars , stellar revolution .

This means that it is necessary to work closely with local authorities , and to do so in selecting a site as well as in the construction of the power station and its subsequent operation .
this means that it is necessary to work closely with local authorities , and to do so in selecting a site as well as in the construction of the power station and its [later] operation .

‘ If a woman did not become pregnant after the first transfer attempt , any frozen embryos could be thawed and transferred in a subsequent menstrual cycle , ’ he said .
‘ if a woman did not become pregnant after the first transfer attempt , any frozen embryos could be thawed and transferred in a [later] menstrual cycle , ’ he said .

Subsequent appeals to the courts by disappointed students led the federal government to devise complex formulas that fix minima for the number of students each university department must take .
[later] appeals to the courts by disappointed students led the federal government to devise complex formulas that fix minima for the number of students each university department must take .

He very soon diversified , however , and his subsequent career included investigations in many areas .
he very soon diversified , however , and his [later] career included investigations in many areas .

Exhaustive observations make for exhausted observers , and the subsequent re-synthesis becomes quite mind-boggling .
exhaustive observations make for exhausted observers , and the [later] re-synthesis becomes quite mind-boggling .

During the subsequent flight , the computer puts out a series of warning signals which tell the pilot when he can make noise , and when he can safely cut the engine power .
during the [later] flight , the computer puts out a series of warning signals which tell the pilot when he can make noise , and when he can safely cut the engine power .

But a re-examination of the data published in the aftermath of the fire reveals that one crucial isotope released in the fire has been ignored in subsequent analysis of the health consequences .
but a re-examination of the data published in the aftermath of the fire reveals that one crucial isotope released in the fire has been ignored in [later] analysis of the health consequences .

and a subsequent cooling up to the 1970s .
and a [later] cooling up to the 1970s .

Subsequent annual measurements , made at more than 20 triangulated stations , have revealed that ice motion and ablation are not uniform from place to place or from year to year .
[later] annual measurements , made at more than 20 triangulated stations , have revealed that ice motion and ablation are not uniform from place to place or from year to year .

There is little evidence of subsequent igneous activity on the Moon .
there is little evidence of [later] igneous activity on the moon .

By studying a series of successively younger embryos he found that the same cells at the tip of the limbs always contacted the central nervous system first , and that subsequent connections were always made along pathways established by the axon processes extended by these pioneer cells .
by studying a series of successively younger embryos he found that the same cells at the tip of the limbs always contacted the central nervous system first , and that [later] connections were always made along pathways established by the axon processes extended by these pioneer cells .

Conversely , Orientals and Africans rarely mutilate their pets for cosmetic purposes , but the trimming of puppies ears of certain breeds to make them stand erect or the breaking and subsequent resetting of the tails of American saddle-bred horses is , or was until very recently , a common practice in American dog and horse-show circles .
conversely , orientals and africans rarely mutilate their pets for cosmetic purposes , but the trimming of puppies ears of certain breeds to make them stand erect or the breaking and [later] resetting of the tails of american saddle-bred horses is , or was until very recently , a common practice in american dog and horse-show circles .

Although Hubble 's work ( with subsequent numerical amendment ) has been the principal empirical basis of cosmology , this is not a book about cosmology but about astronomical observation beyond the Galaxy .
although hubble 's work ( with [later] numerical amendment ) has been the principal empirical basis of cosmology , this is not a book about cosmology but about astronomical observation beyond the galaxy .

The subsequent discovery of the endorphins and encephalins , hormones in the brain that act like morphine and so act as a natural analgesic , and their implication in the action of acupuncture , provided further theoretical explanation for its efficacy .
the [later] discovery of the endorphins and encephalins , hormones in the brain that act like morphine and so act as a natural analgesic , and their implication in the action of acupuncture , provided further theoretical explanation for its efficacy .

The pioneer of bee research Karl von Frisch recalls ( and we have observed ) instances in which the trained foragers began to anticipate subsequent moves and to wait for the feeder at the presumptive new location .
the pioneer of bee research karl von frisch recalls ( and we have observed ) instances in which the trained foragers began to anticipate [later] moves and to wait for the feeder at the presumptive new location .

While the mortality recorded in several subsequent winters was high , nothing matched the toll of 1709 .
while the mortality recorded in several [later] winters was high , nothing matched the toll of 1709 .

The tactical loss of part of the body and its subsequent regrowth is far more common among the animals without backbones — the invertebrates .
the tactical loss of part of the body and its [later] regrowth is far more common among the animals without backbones — the invertebrates .

For if the parent bird were to be attacked and killed by the predator , all its young would inevitably perish for subsequent lack of parental care .
for if the parent bird were to be attacked and killed by the predator , all its young would inevitably perish for [later] lack of parental care .

Such information is seen as a preliminary to the trial of materials and the subsequent , final design and implementation of new curricula .
such information is seen as a preliminary to the trial of materials and the [later] , final design and implementation of new curricula .

The President 's statement ‘ Humanism in Zambia ’ ( 1967 ) , subsequent declarations at Mulungushi ( 1968 ) , Kabwe ( 1972 ) and the cabinet pronouncement ( 1975 ) that schools must become production units , provide a general , but relatively clear brief for education planners and have been clearly reflected in the Zambian Education Review ( 1976 ) .
the president 's statement ‘ humanism in zambia ’ ( 1967 ) , [later] declarations at mulungushi ( 1968 ) , kabwe ( 1972 ) and the cabinet pronouncement ( 1975 ) that schools must become production units , provide a general , but relatively clear brief for education planners and have been clearly reflected in the zambian education review ( 1976 ) .

We note the university-based Sierra Leone Education Review ( 1974 ) and subsequent curriculum conferences in 1976 ; Kenya 's 1972 enquiry and report ‘ Curriculum Development in Kenya ’ ( oddly undertaken by an all British commission ) and its current national commission on Education Objectives ; Uganda 's inaugural National Curriculum Conference in August 1976 ; Nigeria 's National Curriculum Conference ( 1969 ) and National Seminar on Policy of Education ( 1973 ) .
we note the university-based sierra leone education review ( 1974 ) and [later] curriculum conferences in 1976 ; kenya 's 1972 enquiry and report ‘ curriculum development in kenya ’ ( oddly undertaken by an all british commission ) and its current national commission on education objectives ; uganda 's inaugural national curriculum conference in august 1976 ; nigeria 's national curriculum conference ( 1969 ) and national seminar on policy of education ( 1973 ) .

that the only kind of learning worth seriously measuring is that which can be evaluated by making a mark on a card for subsequent ingestion by a machine ( An awful corollary to this is that judgments made by human beings must be given less weight than electronically certified facts . )
that the only kind of learning worth seriously measuring is that which can be evaluated by making a mark on a card for [later] ingestion by a machine ( an awful corollary to this is that judgments made by human beings must be given less weight than electronically certified facts . )

what scientific knowledge and ways of thinking are most appropriate to the present and subsequent experience of the child ) , and mainly process based criteria ( e.g .
what scientific knowledge and ways of thinking are most appropriate to the present and [later] experience of the child ) , and mainly process based criteria ( e.g .

The plan which has emerged from my visit and subsequent discussions is based on needs and conditions in Lesotho , but certain issues are of wider relevance .
the plan which has emerged from my visit and [later] discussions is based on needs and conditions in lesotho , but certain issues are of wider relevance .

The fact of the child 's puzzlement is due to his being a victim of the way in which the dogmatic religions of the world have been used for child indoctrination , resulting in the perpetuation of the inherent superstitions and subsequent evils that have shamed religion throughout civilised time .
the fact of the child 's puzzlement is due to his being a victim of the way in which the dogmatic religions of the world have been used for child indoctrination , resulting in the perpetuation of the inherent superstitions and [later] evils that have shamed religion throughout civilised time .

Subsequent curriculum development has simultaneously reflected and led the professional work of the Division : in both full- and part-time courses , emphasis has been placed upon such areas as cost-in-use and design and management studies , by way of work activities , and computer applications and energy analysis as forward indicators .
[later] curriculum development has simultaneously reflected and led the professional work of the division : in both full- and part-time courses , emphasis has been placed upon such areas as cost-in-use and design and management studies , by way of work activities , and computer applications and energy analysis as forward indicators .

Information from each project or job should be collated in an easily understandable form to assist in subsequent evaluation .
information from each project or job should be collated in an easily understandable form to assist in [later] evaluation .

Lengthy instructions are best handled by way of an addendum sheet in order to keep the standard form as succinct as possible , bearing in mind its subsequent use as a contractual and financial document .
lengthy instructions are best handled by way of an addendum sheet in order to keep the standard form as succinct as possible , bearing in mind its [later] use as a contractual and financial document .

This information will be helpful in subsequent job appraisal and as a background to future fee quotations .
this information will be helpful in [later] job appraisal and as a background to future fee quotations .

Subsequent changes in the required particulars must also be notified to the Registrar .
[later] changes in the required particulars must also be notified to the registrar .

The report Action on Banwell recommended that conditions on which subcontractors estimate , and the subsequent conditions of subcontracts , should be standardised .
the report action on banwell recommended that conditions on which subcontractors estimate , and the [later] conditions of subcontracts , should be standardised .

Up to and including 1920 he had been consistently on the left of the Bolshevik Party , and this particular book was his last major offering from that stance before his subsequent evolution to the ‘ right ’ of the party .
up to and including 1920 he had been consistently on the left of the bolshevik party , and this particular book was his last major offering from that stance before his [later] evolution to the ‘ right ’ of the party .

Yet any study of the book and Bukharin 's subsequent writings indicate more continuity than is usually allowed for by those commentators who have only a cursory knowledge of his works .
yet any study of the book and bukharin 's [later] writings indicate more continuity than is usually allowed for by those commentators who have only a cursory knowledge of his works .

There , subsequent measures take the same course of further expropriation of ‘ third persons ’ ; we have a problem of expropriation directed against the bourgeoisie and landowners , but the main further problem , which comrade Preobrazhensky discusses , is the problem of the small-scale producers , i.e .
there , [later] measures take the same course of further expropriation of ‘ third persons ’ ; we have a problem of expropriation directed against the bourgeoisie and landowners , but the main further problem , which comrade preobrazhensky discusses , is the problem of the small-scale producers , i.e .

Subsequent Lessons
[later] lessons

In the first category , the competitive tendering and subsequent running under five-yearly contract of Alton Sports Centre , gave an example of the new ideas at work .
in the first category , the competitive tendering and [later] running under five-yearly contract of alton sports centre , gave an example of the new ideas at work .

At the subsequent press conference held high in the stadium stand , Foster hushed even the most hardened of hacks by dedicating his gold medal to his mother who had died two years earlier , along with other members of his family , in a car crash .
at the [later] press conference held high in the stadium stand , foster hushed even the most hardened of hacks by dedicating his gold medal to his mother who had died two years earlier , along with other members of his family , in a car crash .

Ensemble is not always clean , and the strings sound rather undernourished , but for sheer daring — especially in the percussion roots of the finale — it easily eclipses subsequent versions .
ensemble is not always clean , and the strings sound rather undernourished , but for sheer daring — especially in the percussion roots of the finale — it easily eclipses [later] versions .

The main piece of evidence for the ‘ tense-mother/crying-baby ’ idea is that first babies tend to cry more than subsequent ones — doctors infer from this that the mother 's inexperience is an important factor .
the main piece of evidence for the ‘ tense-mother/crying-baby ’ idea is that first babies tend to cry more than [later] ones — doctors infer from this that the mother 's inexperience is an important factor .

Subsequent studies have not endorsed this , but they seem to show that there is a more modest level of improvement .
[later] studies have not endorsed this , but they seem to show that there is a more modest level of improvement .

If he does respond , the early stages of the diet may produce a remarkable improvement , which makes the subsequent stages a great deal easier for all concerned .
if he does respond , the early stages of the diet may produce a remarkable improvement , which makes the [later] stages a great deal easier for all concerned .

Subsequent or alternative drinks had to be paid for at saloon-bar prices , so Clive managed to turn a profit on the evening .
[later] or alternative drinks had to be paid for at saloon-bar prices , so clive managed to turn a profit on the evening .

Meeting Thomas reminded me that human relations do n't have to be like this , that in other countries you open your account in credit , and unless you squander that goodwill by behaving like a complete arsehole , the mutual warmth continues to grow with every subsequent encounter , as though it were natural for human beings to get on together .
meeting thomas reminded me that human relations do n't have to be like this , that in other countries you open your account in credit , and unless you squander that goodwill by behaving like a complete arsehole , the mutual warmth continues to grow with every [later] encounter , as though it were natural for human beings to get on together .

Here , as in blood contact devices , the phenomenon of protein adsorption is an important first step but subsequent deposits are complex and contain calcium , mucopolysaccharides and lipids , in addition to the major tear fluid proteins .
here , as in blood contact devices , the phenomenon of protein adsorption is an important first step but [later] deposits are complex and contain calcium , mucopolysaccharides and lipids , in addition to the major tear fluid proteins .

Not all enzyme cleaners behave identically and , in leaving some tear proteins virtually untouched on the lens surface , they alter the course of subsequent tear interactions .
not all enzyme cleaners behave identically and , in leaving some tear proteins virtually untouched on the lens surface , they alter the course of [later] tear interactions .

Various surface modifications have been made to introduce partner functional groups where these groups are not already present — eg introducing acid groups into stainless steel for the subsequent reaction of aminophosphorylcholine derivatives .
various surface modifications have been made to introduce partner functional groups where these groups are not already present — eg introducing acid groups into stainless steel for the [later] reaction of aminophosphorylcholine derivatives .

It also determines the course of subsequent events occurring at the surface , such as platelet adhesion-activation for blood contacting devices , or bacterial adhesion , encrustation and blockage for urinary catheters .
it also determines the course of [later] events occurring at the surface , such as platelet adhesion-activation for blood contacting devices , or bacterial adhesion , encrustation and blockage for urinary catheters .

The subsequent examination of potential releases from processes or waste disposal , together with environmental pathways is brief .
the [later] examination of potential releases from processes or waste disposal , together with environmental pathways is brief .

The subsequent chapters deal with the development of immunoassays for various specific analytical tasks such as their use in the inspection of meat and poultry and other food safety programmes .
the [later] chapters deal with the development of immunoassays for various specific analytical tasks such as their use in the inspection of meat and poultry and other food safety programmes .

The mechanism of the process is brought about by the initial ionisation of water and the subsequent production of free radicals .
the mechanism of the process is brought about by the initial ionisation of water and the [later] production of free radicals .

The decision was a gesture of sympathy and solidarity with the views and activities of employees , their unions , the union leaders and representatives in an industrial dispute which had arisen after the transfer of newspaper production to Wapping , a consequential strike and many subsequent dismissals .
the decision was a gesture of sympathy and solidarity with the views and activities of employees , their unions , the union leaders and representatives in an industrial dispute which had arisen after the transfer of newspaper production to wapping , a consequential strike and many [later] dismissals .

Section 28 calls to mind the Obscene Publications Act of 1857 and the subsequent Hicklin case of 1868 , which together still underpin modern legislation on obscenity .
section 28 calls to mind the obscene publications act of 1857 and the [later] hicklin case of 1868 , which together still underpin modern legislation on obscenity .

This is probably so , but may be offset by the fact that the fields are left to the birds more quickly , enabling subsequent broods to be reared undisturbed .
this is probably so , but may be offset by the fact that the fields are left to the birds more quickly , enabling [later] broods to be reared undisturbed .

After the break up of the famous ‘ Emanuel ’ partnership and subsequent liquidation of the company , Alison-Jayne decided to return home and use her knowledge and skills to set up her own couture bridal and evening wear business in Northern Ireland .
after the break up of the famous ‘ emanuel ’ partnership and [later] liquidation of the company , alison-jayne decided to return home and use her knowledge and skills to set up her own couture bridal and evening wear business in northern ireland .

My first sight of it , and to a slightly lesser extent every subsequent sighting , was breathtaking — no other word for it .
my first sight of it , and to a slightly lesser extent every [later] sighting , was breathtaking — no other word for it .

In the first year , students follow a common course giving an introduction to the four strands which form the basis of subsequent study .
in the first year , students follow a common course giving an introduction to the four strands which form the basis of [later] study .

Subsequent years of the course include historical and theoretical perspectives , comparative study of the main themes in international relations , in community conflict and in industrial conflict , and some particular case studies .
[later] years of the course include historical and theoretical perspectives , comparative study of the main themes in international relations , in community conflict and in industrial conflict , and some particular case studies .

Students take three subjects in the first year and in subsequent years continue with two of these subjects either as joint or major/minor options for the honours degree .
students take three subjects in the first year and in [later] years continue with two of these subjects either as joint or major/minor options for the honours degree .

There is an Applied Ethics unit available in the first year of the course , and units in both Moral Theory and Applied Ethics in each subsequent year .
there is an applied ethics unit available in the first year of the course , and units in both moral theory and applied ethics in each [later] year .

At a subsequent season they were less keen when they found they were expected to work on a raft near the famous Sporting Club .
at a [later] season they were less keen when they found they were expected to work on a raft near the famous sporting club .

Pre-retirement planning can minimise the shock and subsequent demoralisation which can accompany retirement , and can help those about to retire to develop a constructive philosophy .
pre-retirement planning can minimise the shock and [later] demoralisation which can accompany retirement , and can help those about to retire to develop a constructive philosophy .

The majority of women , however , will probably have left parents and home a long time before , and spent many of their subsequent years caring for children and a partner , running the home and having a job too .
the majority of women , however , will probably have left parents and home a long time before , and spent many of their [later] years caring for children and a partner , running the home and having a job too .

Some modifications were made to subsequent courses as a result of information collected — formative evaluation .
some modifications were made to [later] courses as a result of information collected — formative evaluation .

To help the patient prevent or cope with subsequent crises without resorting to self-poisoning .
to help the patient prevent or cope with [later] crises without resorting to self-poisoning .

Thirdly , a firm plan of subsequent treatment is often only possible when information has been gathered from the general practitioner , relatives , friends , and other involved agencies as well as the patient .
thirdly , a firm plan of [later] treatment is often only possible when information has been gathered from the general practitioner , relatives , friends , and other involved agencies as well as the patient .

This is likely to facilitate subsequent decision-making and can provide useful material for discussion at the next session .
this is likely to facilitate [later] decision-making and can provide useful material for discussion at the next session .

Similarly , the therapist should help the family formulate a step-by-step approach to problem-solving with regard to a particular problem , and then encourage them to try out these steps at home , reporting back at subsequent sessions on their progress and any difficulties that they have encountered .
similarly , the therapist should help the family formulate a step-by-step approach to problem-solving with regard to a particular problem , and then encourage them to try out these steps at home , reporting back at [later] sessions on their progress and any difficulties that they have encountered .

The first is that the act of self-poisoning may have been rewarding in so far as any subsequent positive changes could be seen as resulting from the act itself .
the first is that the act of self-poisoning may have been rewarding in so far as any [later] positive changes could be seen as resulting from the act itself .

In describing subsequent treatment , the contents of each treatment session are summarized .
in describing [later] treatment , the contents of each treatment session are summarized .

The importance of fully involving the patient 's partner in assessment and subsequent treatment is very clear .
the importance of fully involving the patient 's partner in assessment and [later] treatment is very clear .

Although psychiatric inpatient care , either in a psychiatric hospital or in a psychiatric unit in the general hospital , is only necessary for a small proportion of attempted suicide patients ( see Table 10 ) , this group is particularly important because it includes the patients likely to be at greatest risk of subsequent suicide and some who pose particularly difficult management problems .
although psychiatric inpatient care , either in a psychiatric hospital or in a psychiatric unit in the general hospital , is only necessary for a small proportion of attempted suicide patients ( see table 10 ) , this group is particularly important because it includes the patients likely to be at greatest risk of [later] suicide and some who pose particularly difficult management problems .

Subsequent treatment
[later] treatment

However , the primary use of lithium is for the prevention or reduction in intensity of subsequent episodes .
however , the primary use of lithium is for the prevention or reduction in intensity of [later] episodes .

Thirdly , it provides an opportunity for careful planning of subsequent management , which is likely to consist of brief problem-orientated therapy as described in Chapter 5 .
thirdly , it provides an opportunity for careful planning of [later] management , which is likely to consist of brief problem-orientated therapy as described in chapter 5 .

There should be opportunities for discussion of patients ' subsequent management on a regular basis with experienced therapists .
there should be opportunities for discussion of patients ' [later] management on a regular basis with experienced therapists .

Similarly , staff should be able to discuss their subsequent management regularly with an experienced supervisor ( Black and Pond 1980 ) .
similarly , staff should be able to discuss their [later] management regularly with an experienced supervisor ( black and pond 1980 ) .

However , the majority of patients were prescribed psychotropic medication ; this was often the very same medication that was used in the subsequent overdoses .
however , the majority of patients were prescribed psychotropic medication ; this was often the very same medication that was used in the [later] overdoses .

However , behaviour therapy was more effective than insight-oriented therapy for patients ' subsequent depression , anxiety , and assertiveness .
however , behaviour therapy was more effective than insight-oriented therapy for patients ' [later] depression , anxiety , and assertiveness .

It specifically made visible the gap in post-elementary provision , one to which the subsequent enquiries addressed themselves .
it specifically made visible the gap in post-elementary provision , one to which the [later] enquiries addressed themselves .

Subsequent chapters will examine in depth the creation , transfer and use of bank deposits when considering financial institutions in both the domestic and international economies .
[later] chapters will examine in depth the creation , transfer and use of bank deposits when considering financial institutions in both the domestic and international economies .

It is now necessary to examine briefly this problem and how it was coped with , as reference to it is unavoidable in subsequent chapters .
it is now necessary to examine briefly this problem and how it was coped with , as reference to it is unavoidable in [later] chapters .

The bill must be unconditional and not dependent on the exporter 's subsequent performance , and the purchasing bank of the bill has no recourse against the exporter .
the bill must be unconditional and not dependent on the exporter 's [later] performance , and the purchasing bank of the bill has no recourse against the exporter .

If the financial press states the dollar appreciated against other currencies then exporters or non-US residents due dollars will receive more in their own domestic currency for subsequent dollar receipts .
if the financial press states the dollar appreciated against other currencies then exporters or non-us residents due dollars will receive more in their own domestic currency for [later] dollar receipts .

However , the borrower does incur the disadvantage of being unable to benefit from any subsequent decline in market interest rates over the loan 's term .
however , the borrower does incur the disadvantage of being unable to benefit from any [later] decline in market interest rates over the loan 's term .

Loan contract terms : The syndicate leader makes a full appraisal of the borrower 's economic/financial situation to determine ability to meet subsequent loan commitments .
loan contract terms : the syndicate leader makes a full appraisal of the borrower 's economic/financial situation to determine ability to meet [later] loan commitments .

This question of the definition of a knowledge worker will prove to be germane to our subsequent discussion , and we will need to develop the theme in more detail .
this question of the definition of a knowledge worker will prove to be germane to our [later] discussion , and we will need to develop the theme in more detail .

The importance of the great national repositories of original documents was stressed in Chapter 5 , and subsequent chapters have indicated many ways in which their resources may be used by local researchers .
the importance of the great national repositories of original documents was stressed in chapter 5 , and [later] chapters have indicated many ways in which their resources may be used by local researchers .

What now follows is a listing of important , more general , archives in the keeping of these local depositories , some of which have been considerably reorganised subsequent to the county boundary changes of 1974 .
what now follows is a listing of important , more general , archives in the keeping of these local depositories , some of which have been considerably reorganised [later] to the county boundary changes of 1974 .

Subsequent attempts to diversify the economy have foundered not only on corruption and inefficiency , though these have played a part , but because Zambia could not mobilize the funds for new investment , since the growing debt burden took a larger and larger share of the national cake .
[later] attempts to diversify the economy have foundered not only on corruption and inefficiency , though these have played a part , but because zambia could not mobilize the funds for new investment , since the growing debt burden took a larger and larger share of the national cake .

The students were calling for the restoration of school buildings damaged during the 1976 earthquake in Guatemala and a subsequent tremor in May 1988 .
the students were calling for the restoration of school buildings damaged during the 1976 earthquake in guatemala and a [later] tremor in may 1988 .

For some schools in San Salvador , the government 's subsequent ‘ repairs ’ consisted of simply knocking down walls which were damaged , leaving the school a mere shell .
for some schools in san salvador , the government 's [later] ‘ repairs ’ consisted of simply knocking down walls which were damaged , leaving the school a mere shell .

Leverhulme , subsequent proprietor to Mathieson , gave the lands of Gress to the Stornoway Trust , a crofter-managed organisation , the landless Lodge being sold to Dr Greig .
leverhulme , [later] proprietor to mathieson , gave the lands of gress to the stornoway trust , a crofter-managed organisation , the landless lodge being sold to dr greig .

Three main strands to Conservative policy can be discerned from the multitude of programmes that were either introduced after 1979 or that , although initiated before that date , were perpetuated in a modified form by subsequent Conservative administrations .
three main strands to conservative policy can be discerned from the multitude of programmes that were either introduced after 1979 or that , although initiated before that date , were perpetuated in a modified form by [later] conservative administrations .

When this occurs , Tukey suggests removing half the number of exact zeros and then basing all subsequent calculations on the modified set of residuals , a process known as zero-modifying ( Tukey 1977:223 ) .
when this occurs , tukey suggests removing half the number of exact zeros and then basing all [later] calculations on the modified set of residuals , a process known as zero-modifying ( tukey 1977:223 ) .

If they differed substantially in their subsequent support for the candidates , then we could be almost certain that the phoney poll information they were fed contributed to which candidate they supported .
if they differed substantially in their [later] support for the candidates , then we could be almost certain that the phoney poll information they were fed contributed to which candidate they supported .

In subsequent analysis , therefore , all responses from individuals at addresses which had changed electors were weighted by the number of adults at the address divided by the number of electors originally on the register for that address .
in [later] analysis , therefore , all responses from individuals at addresses which had changed electors were weighted by the number of adults at the address divided by the number of electors originally on the register for that address .

This in turn led to increased degradation that has been exacerbated by the subsequent use of marginal lands for cultivation .
this in turn led to increased degradation that has been exacerbated by the [later] use of marginal lands for cultivation .

Methods of deforestation and subsequent management practices not only influence the potential for forest regeneration but also influence the impact of deforestation on runoff and soil erosion .
methods of deforestation and [later] management practices not only influence the potential for forest regeneration but also influence the impact of deforestation on runoff and soil erosion .

The indiscriminate exploitation of Andean forests to provide wood for mines and as fuel , in tandem with burning for the creation of pastures and subsequent overgrazing , are , according to Millones , mainly responsible for the demise of these high forests and their fauna .
the indiscriminate exploitation of andean forests to provide wood for mines and as fuel , in tandem with burning for the creation of pastures and [later] overgrazing , are , according to millones , mainly responsible for the demise of these high forests and their fauna .

Cronk ( 1989 ) has examined the course of vegetation development since the sixteenth century , and the subsequent demise of virtually all the natural flora and its replacement by introduced species .
cronk ( 1989 ) has examined the course of vegetation development since the sixteenth century , and the [later] demise of virtually all the natural flora and its replacement by introduced species .

These are slower-growing species than the annuals and will not be productive until the swidden stage is complete and in many cases not until the subsequent fallow is well established ; the different ages at which the perennials mature also facilitates a phased harvest so that the fallow stage is not unproductive .
these are slower-growing species than the annuals and will not be productive until the swidden stage is complete and in many cases not until the [later] fallow is well established ; the different ages at which the perennials mature also facilitates a phased harvest so that the fallow stage is not unproductive .

For the longer term , Unruh also suggests that the persistence of useful species will be enhanced because their seed banks in the soil are increased ; thus in the subsequent swidden-fallow cycle the abundance of such species will increase spontaneously .
for the longer term , unruh also suggests that the persistence of useful species will be enhanced because their seed banks in the soil are increased ; thus in the [later] swidden-fallow cycle the abundance of such species will increase spontaneously .

Throughout a hospital stay , communicating is important for all patients but in psychiatric nursing , communicating is the major therapeutic tool and the patient 's initial relationship can particularly influence the effectiveness of the subsequent therapy .
throughout a hospital stay , communicating is important for all patients but in psychiatric nursing , communicating is the major therapeutic tool and the patient 's initial relationship can particularly influence the effectiveness of the [later] therapy .

After subsequent doses of the selected remedy
after [later] doses of the selected remedy

She applies it in subsequent eorts , regulating her behavior with self-directed language resembling her father ’ s communication during joint problem solving .
she applies it in [later] eorts , regulating her behavior with self-directed language resembling her father ’ s communication during joint problem solving .

Indeed , the use of bar codes , followed by implementation of EDI systems , provides the basic foundation for subsequent investments in efficient logistics management in retail distribution centers .
indeed , the use of bar codes , followed by implementation of edi systems , provides the basic foundation for [later] investments in efficient logistics management in retail distribution centers .

This is the basic story of Joaquín that all subsequent histories are based on .
this is the basic story of joaquín that all [later] histories are based on .

Over six hundred thousand lives stained the ground , more than all the former and subsequent American wars put together .
over six hundred thousand lives stained the ground , more than all the former and [later] american wars put together .

In subsequent decisions , however , the Court established the basic principle that in the field of criminal justice at least , the states could not treat blacks as an inferior class .
in [later] decisions , however , the court established the basic principle that in the field of criminal justice at least , the states could not treat blacks as an inferior class .

The subsequent trial of the flag burner gives him or her a platform for broadcasting the political views expressed in the illegal act .
the [later] trial of the flag burner gives him or her a platform for broadcasting the political views expressed in the illegal act .

Given Erwin Schrödinger ’ s towering reputation as the discoverer of the Schrödinger equation , the fundamental formulation of quantum mechanics , his public lectures and subsequent book were bound to draw high attention .
given erwin schrödinger ’ s towering reputation as the discoverer of the schrödinger equation , the fundamental formulation of quantum mechanics , his public lectures and [later] book were bound to draw high attention .

I didn ’ t think Steve would say yes , for the reading of over a hundred papers in the subsequent years , and cataloging the detailed results , was going to be a substantial task .
i didn ’ t think steve would say yes , for the reading of over a hundred papers in the [later] years , and cataloging the detailed results , was going to be a substantial task .

We will return in a subsequent chapter to ask if it makes sense to try to finitely prestate the initial and boundary conditions of a biosphere .
we will return in a [later] chapter to ask if it makes sense to try to finitely prestate the initial and boundary conditions of a biosphere .

I will have much more to say in subsequent chapters about the properties of molecular autonomous agents .
i will have much more to say in [later] chapters about the properties of molecular autonomous agents .

The subsequent disillusionment has diluted yamato damashii as an ideal in the eyes of today ’ s younger generation .
the [later] disillusionment has diluted yamato damashii as an ideal in the eyes of today ’ s younger generation .

Politically , the 1990s have been relatively quite times for the islands , although the divorce of Greek prime minister Andreas Papandreou and his subsequent marriage to a much younger woman caused consternation within conservative Greek society .
politically , the 1990s have been relatively quite times for the islands , although the divorce of greek prime minister andreas papandreou and his [later] marriage to a much younger woman caused consternation within conservative greek society .

Given the inexact state of the geography along the confusing Antilles chain , some experts suggest that he actually gave the name to Nevis , an island to the south , and that subsequent cartographers somehow awarded it to Saint-Martin .
given the inexact state of the geography along the confusing antilles chain , some experts suggest that he actually gave the name to nevis , an island to the south , and that [later] cartographers somehow awarded it to saint-martin .

In the subsequent War of the Spanish Succession ( 1702 –1713 ) most of the old kingdom of Aragón , including the Balearics , backed the Hapsburgs .
in the [later] war of the spanish succession ( 1702 –1713 ) most of the old kingdom of aragón , including the balearics , backed the hapsburgs .

Though this party fell into disfavor for some time , their fundamentalist concerns , shared by members of the Shiv Sena party , increased in popularity in subsequent years .
though this party fell into disfavor for some time , their fundamentalist concerns , shared by members of the shiv sena party , increased in popularity in [later] years .

In some ways the wall itself was responsible for subsequent overcrowding and disease because people were too frightened to live outside it .
in some ways the wall itself was responsible for [later] overcrowding and disease because people were too frightened to live outside it .

The temple complex was expanded over the subsequent centuries with each generation adding their own shrines and monuments .
the temple complex was expanded over the [later] centuries with each generation adding their own shrines and monuments .

The earthquake of 1923 and subsequent fire razed nearly all vestiges of old Edo , killing some 140,000 people in the process .
the earthquake of 1923 and [later] fire razed nearly all vestiges of old edo , killing some 140,000 people in the process .

Such was the subsequent dismay among reactionary factions at this sign of weakness that the Tokugawa shogunate was soon overthrown .
such was the [later] dismay among reactionary factions at this sign of weakness that the tokugawa shogunate was soon overthrown .

In many ways the city has never recovered from Hideyoshi ’ s subsequent decision to move the national capital from Kyoto to Edo ( now Tokyo ) in the early 1600s — a blow compounded by the young Emperor Meiji shifting the imperial household to Tokyo in 1868 .
in many ways the city has never recovered from hideyoshi ’ s [later] decision to move the national capital from kyoto to edo ( now tokyo ) in the early 1600s — a blow compounded by the young emperor meiji shifting the imperial household to tokyo in 1868 .

The hills surrounding the city did much to contain the subsequent atomic fallout .
the hills surrounding the city did much to contain the [later] atomic fallout .

The subsequent period of internal strife between the Turks and the Greeks and Armenians was dominated by Mustafa Kemal , who had risen from the status of war hero to become the lead­­er of the Turkish nationalist movement .
the [later] period of internal strife between the turks and the greeks and armenians was dominated by mustafa kemal , who had risen from the status of war hero to become the lead­­er of the turkish nationalist movement .

In the 1980s , it was 1,281 m ( 4,203 ft ) high , having added 79 m ( 259 ft ) with the big eruption of 1944 and subsequent smaller ones .
in the 1980s , it was 1,281 m ( 4,203 ft ) high , having added 79 m ( 259 ft ) with the big eruption of 1944 and [later] smaller ones .

It is the Temple of Concord that is the best preserved Doric temple in Sicily ( if not the world ) , thanks to its subsequent use as a church in the sixth century a.d .
it is the temple of concord that is the best preserved doric temple in sicily ( if not the world ) , thanks to its [later] use as a church in the sixth century a.d .

Fontainebleau The huge royal palace of Fontainebleau is an elegant monument to the Renaissance tastes of François I and Henri IV , although subsequent monarchs added on and generally refurbished .
fontainebleau the huge royal palace of fontainebleau is an elegant monument to the renaissance tastes of françois i and henri iv , although [later] monarchs added on and generally refurbished .

The subsequent war over Spanish succession resulted in the enthronement of the Bourbon candidate , Felipe V. When Madrid ’ s alcázar burned down in 1734 , with the loss of many art treasures , Felipe seized the opportunity to build a new , incredibly lavish royal palace .
the [later] war over spanish succession resulted in the enthronement of the bourbon candidate , felipe v. when madrid ’ s alcázar burned down in 1734 , with the loss of many art treasures , felipe seized the opportunity to build a new , incredibly lavish royal palace .

Escaping unscathed from the Black Death of 1348 and subsequent plagues , it built up a sound economic base and maintained a strong army with plentiful manpower .
escaping unscathed from the black death of 1348 and [later] plagues , it built up a sound economic base and maintained a strong army with plentiful manpower .

The first to realize the larger commercial potential , as so often throughout the country ’ s subsequent history , were the Chinese .
the first to realize the larger commercial potential , as so often throughout the country ’ s [later] history , were the chinese .

Subsequent British advisers served on a consultative State council alongside the Malay ruler , chiefs , and Chinese kapitans .
[later] british advisers served on a consultative state council alongside the malay ruler , chiefs , and chinese kapitans .

These migrants , who later settled throughout the Japanese archipelago , were the ancestors of the present-day Ainu , whose Caucasoid facial and body hair distinguished them from subsequent immigrants from China , Manchuria , Korea , and perhaps the Malay Peninsula .
these migrants , who later settled throughout the japanese archipelago , were the ancestors of the present-day ainu , whose caucasoid facial and body hair distinguished them from [later] immigrants from china , manchuria , korea , and perhaps the malay peninsula .

Creative Turmoil The subsequent power struggle at first split the country into two imperial courts , and then effective control of Japan was splintered for two centuries among scores of daimyo ( feudal warlords ) .
creative turmoil the [later] power struggle at first split the country into two imperial courts , and then effective control of japan was splintered for two centuries among scores of daimyo ( feudal warlords ) .

During its subsequent two and a half centuries of rule from the new capital established at Edo , the Tokugawa organized a tightly controlled coalition of some 260 daimyo in strategic strongholds throughout the country .
during its [later] two and a half centuries of rule from the new capital established at edo , the tokugawa organized a tightly controlled coalition of some 260 daimyo in strategic strongholds throughout the country .

Radicals were delighted by the subsequent westward exodus of Québec ’ s Anglo-Canadians , but in the process Toronto was to bypass Montréal in population , financial , and even cultural activity .
radicals were delighted by the [later] westward exodus of québec ’ s anglo-canadians , but in the process toronto was to bypass montréal in population , financial , and even cultural activity .

During the subsequent Ten Years ’ War ( 1868–78 ) 50,000 Cubans — including Céspedes — and more than 200,000 Spanish lost their lives .
during the [later] ten years ’ war ( 1868–78 ) 50,000 cubans — including céspedes — and more than 200,000 spanish lost their lives .

The subsequent dismantling of the Soviet Union suddenly left Cuba bereft of food , oil , and hard currency .
the [later] dismantling of the soviet union suddenly left cuba bereft of food , oil , and hard currency .

In the subsequent civil war , Guangzhou briefly served as the Nationalist capital before the Communists captured the city and gained power nationwide in 1949 .
in the [later] civil war , guangzhou briefly served as the nationalist capital before the communists captured the city and gained power nationwide in 1949 .

He fled to the countryside and did not take part in the subsequent insurrection .
he fled to the countryside and did not take part in the [later] insurrection .

Subsequent floods and earthquakes left the parched Badlands of the Red Deer River Valley as a protective crust , preserving the skeletons of the dinosaurs .
[later] floods and earthquakes left the parched badlands of the red deer river valley as a protective crust , preserving the skeletons of the dinosaurs .

Barcelona , meanwhile , continued to be ably steered by a progressive Socialist mayor , Pascual Maragall , who oversaw the Olympics bid and subsequent civic works that contributed to the transformation of the city .
barcelona , meanwhile , continued to be ably steered by a progressive socialist mayor , pascual maragall , who oversaw the olympics bid and [later] civic works that contributed to the transformation of the city .

With the subsequent development of new navigational techniques , it was no longer necessary to stay within sight of land .
with the [later] development of new navigational techniques , it was no longer necessary to stay within sight of land .

Built in 1856 but improved in subsequent years , it is called the last hand-operated kerosene-powered lighthouse in the Bahamas .
built in 1856 but improved in [later] years , it is called the last hand-operated kerosene-powered lighthouse in the bahamas .

Subsequent “ licences ” granted by the Ottomans to European nobles saw many prize friezes disappear to archaeological collections around Europe , including the Elgin marbles ( ornately carved pediments ) that were taken to London by Lord Elgin .
[later] “ licences ” granted by the ottomans to european nobles saw many prize friezes disappear to archaeological collections around europe , including the elgin marbles ( ornately carved pediments ) that were taken to london by lord elgin .

The British invaded Nepal from India in 1814 but were repulsed by the king ’ s soldiers from Gorkha — thus earning all subsequent Nepali fighting men the name “ Gurkhas ” ( see page 61 ) .
the british invaded nepal from india in 1814 but were repulsed by the king ’ s soldiers from gorkha — thus earning all [later] nepali fighting men the name “ gurkhas ” ( see page 61 ) .

However , the subsequent de-colonization of Spain ’ s Western Sahara possession resulted in a movement of many thousands of people back to the Canary Islands , creating social and logistical problems .
however , the [later] de-colonization of spain ’ s western sahara possession resulted in a movement of many thousands of people back to the canary islands , creating social and logistical problems .

Evans ’ subsequent attempts to recreate areas of the palace have met with intense criticism from other scholars but Knossós is now Crete ’ s premier attraction and rightly so .
evans ’ [later] attempts to recreate areas of the palace have met with intense criticism from other scholars but knossós is now crete ’ s premier attraction and rightly so .

For many of these patients , brief interventions demonstrate significant effects on subsequent alcohol intake and emergency department resource utilization when used as stand-alone treatment.40 Other patients may require more extended treatment .
for many of these patients , brief interventions demonstrate significant effects on [later] alcohol intake and emergency department resource utilization when used as stand-alone treatment.40 other patients may require more extended treatment .

Regarding collaboration , he mentioned that partnering with specialists in substance abuse gave him a greater understanding of that specialty and increased the quality and credibility of subsequent proposals .
regarding collaboration , he mentioned that partnering with specialists in substance abuse gave him a greater understanding of that specialty and increased the quality and credibility of [later] proposals .

Requiring that both the performance contract and the subsequent performance evaluation be made available to the Congress would provide additional accountability and transparency .
requiring that both the performance contract and the [later] performance evaluation be made available to the congress would provide additional accountability and transparency .

Following the summit , Kentucky , North Carolina , and Mississippi held subsequent state safety summits and pursued numerous initiatives to reduce fatalities .
following the summit , kentucky , north carolina , and mississippi held [later] state safety summits and pursued numerous initiatives to reduce fatalities .

In some cases , one wonders what some highly compensated top executives were doing to earn their pay given their public statements and testimonies subsequent to the decline of their companies .
in some cases , one wonders what some highly compensated top executives were doing to earn their pay given their public statements and testimonies [later] to the decline of their companies .

This executive guide is intended to assist federal agencies in achieving the objectives of the Chief Financial Officers ( CFO ) Act of 1990 and subsequent related legislation by providing case studies of 11 practices critical for establishing and maintaining sound financial operations .
this executive guide is intended to assist federal agencies in achieving the objectives of the chief financial officers ( cfo ) act of 1990 and [later] related legislation by providing case studies of 11 practices critical for establishing and maintaining sound financial operations .

The reforms laid out by the CFO Act and subsequent related legislation , when effectively implemented , will place the federal government on par with private sector corporations and state and local governments that have already made the necessary investment in financial management .
the reforms laid out by the cfo act and [later] related legislation , when effectively implemented , will place the federal government on par with private sector corporations and state and local governments that have already made the necessary investment in financial management .

They used the subsequent lack of reaction as an indicator that the information in the report was no longer relevant .
they used the [later] lack of reaction as an indicator that the information in the report was no longer relevant .

The government uses the October 1997 through September 1998 review results as a baseline against which the results of subsequent reviews are measured .
the government uses the october 1997 through september 1998 review results as a baseline against which the results of [later] reviews are measured .

The effectiveness of controls and awareness activities was then monitored through various analyses , evaluations , and audits , and the results provided input to subsequent risk assessments , which determined if existing policies and controls needed to be modified .
the effectiveness of controls and awareness activities was then monitored through various analyses , evaluations , and audits , and the results provided input to [later] risk assessments , which determined if existing policies and controls needed to be modified .

A subsequent review was performed a few months later to determine if weaknesses had been reduced .
a [later] review was performed a few months later to determine if weaknesses had been reduced .

Form and content requirements included in OMB Bulletin 93-02 , dated October 22 , 1992 , and subsequent issuances .
form and content requirements included in omb bulletin 93-02 , dated october 22 , 1992 , and [later] issuances .

In some cases , an adjustment subsequent to the original forfeiture judgment may be necessary when it is later determined that a portion of the forfeiture is to be distributed to state or local law enforcement agencies or foreign governments .
in some cases , an adjustment [later] to the original forfeiture judgment may be necessary when it is later determined that a portion of the forfeiture is to be distributed to state or local law enforcement agencies or foreign governments .

For the latter transactions , see the subsequent paragraphs .
for the latter transactions , see the [later] paragraphs .

The latter transactions are discussed in subsequent paragraphs .
the latter transactions are discussed in [later] paragraphs .

The resources and responsibilities do not meet the criteria for assets and liabilities that are required to be reported in the financial statements but are , nonetheless , important to an understanding of the operations and financial condition of the Federal Government at the date of the financial statements and in subsequent periods .
the resources and responsibilities do not meet the criteria for assets and liabilities that are required to be reported in the financial statements but are , nonetheless , important to an understanding of the operations and financial condition of the federal government at the date of the financial statements and in [later] periods .

CHAPTER 8 : CURRENT SERVICES ASSESSMENT Current Services Assessment A Current Services Assessment ( CSA ) on the basis of receipt and outlay data as published in the President 's Budget will be reported for all programs for the base year and 6 years subsequent to the base year .
chapter 8 : current services assessment current services assessment a current services assessment ( csa ) on the basis of receipt and outlay data as published in the president 's budget will be reported for all programs for the base year and 6 years [later] to the base year .

Data will be presented for all programs for the base year and at least 6 years subsequent to the base year , summarized in sufficient detail to identify , at least , ( 1 ) receipts by major source ( e.g. , individual income taxes , social insurance taxes , etc .
data will be presented for all programs for the base year and at least 6 years [later] to the base year , summarized in sufficient detail to identify , at least , ( 1 ) receipts by major source ( e.g. , individual income taxes , social insurance taxes , etc .

An additional increment of education or technical training is expected to reduce the period of transitional unemployment and increase the subsequent earnings of participants .
an additional increment of education or technical training is expected to reduce the period of transitional unemployment and increase the [later] earnings of participants .

The following display presents CSA data for all programs for 6 years subsequent to the base year .
the following display presents csa data for all programs for 6 years [later] to the base year .

COHORT -Those direct loans obligated or loan guarantees committed by a program in the same year even if disbursements occur in subsequent years .
cohort -those direct loans obligated or loan guarantees committed by a program in the same year even if disbursements occur in [later] years .

Depending on the nature of the transaction , cost may be charged to operations immediately , i.e. , recognized as an expense of the period , or to an asset account for recognition as an expense of subsequent periods .
depending on the nature of the transaction , cost may be charged to operations immediately , i.e. , recognized as an expense of the period , or to an asset account for recognition as an expense of [later] periods .

HISTORICAL COST - Initially , the amount of cash ( or its equivalent ) paid to acquire an asset ; subsequent to acquisition , the historical amount may be adjusted for amortization .
historical cost - initially , the amount of cash ( or its equivalent ) paid to acquire an asset ; [later] to acquisition , the historical amount may be adjusted for amortization .

Recognition comprehends both initial recognition of an item and recognition of subsequent changes in or removal of a previously recognized item .
recognition comprehends both initial recognition of an item and recognition of [later] changes in or removal of a previously recognized item .

The data are checked for consistency during both coding and subsequent processing .
the data are checked for consistency during both coding and [later] processing .

The first of these reports , on program performance for fiscal year 1999 , is due by March 31 , 2000 , and subsequent reports are due by March 31 for the years that follow .
the first of these reports , on program performance for fiscal year 1999 , is due by march 31 , 2000 , and [later] reports are due by march 31 for the years that follow .

For each subsequent year , agencies are to include performance data for the year covered by the report and 3 prior years .
for each [later] year , agencies are to include performance data for the year covered by the report and 3 prior years .

Subsequent annual reports are to include the complete data as part of the trend information .
[later] annual reports are to include the complete data as part of the trend information .

Subsequent to our June 22 letter , GAO officials have engaged in numerous conversations with the Vice President « s representatives .
[later] to our june 22 letter , gao officials have engaged in numerous conversations with the vice president « s representatives .

The results of the forum are organized by the major areas of discussion and reflect subsequent comments we received from the participants on a draft of this report .
the results of the forum are organized by the major areas of discussion and reflect [later] comments we received from the participants on a draft of this report .

The analysis indicates that 6,300 firms submitting 42,500 reports annually will be added by the rule to the 360 facilities in the existing manufacturing sector submitting 3,600 reports for a total compliance cost of $ 226 million for the first year , declining to $ 143 million in subsequent years .
the analysis indicates that 6,300 firms submitting 42,500 reports annually will be added by the rule to the 360 facilities in the existing manufacturing sector submitting 3,600 reports for a total compliance cost of $ 226 million for the first year , declining to $ 143 million in [later] years .

The difference in cost for the first and subsequent years appears to be based on EPA 's estimate that each task required including compliance determinations for the new facilities covered , the overall affect of the modified interpretation of `` otherwise use , '' rule familiarization , and report preparation will be substantially higher during the first year .
the difference in cost for the first and [later] years appears to be based on epa 's estimate that each task required including compliance determinations for the new facilities covered , the overall affect of the modified interpretation of `` otherwise use , '' rule familiarization , and report preparation will be substantially higher during the first year .

However , fast pay procedures typically entail payment authorization without evidence of receipt and acceptance , provided that subsequent to payment authorization , receipt and acceptance is verified .
however , fast pay procedures typically entail payment authorization without evidence of receipt and acceptance , provided that [later] to payment authorization , receipt and acceptance is verified .

Under fast pay , examination of the invoice subsequent to payment authorization is sometimes referred to as `` post payment examination . ''
under fast pay , examination of the invoice [later] to payment authorization is sometimes referred to as `` post payment examination . ''

Normally , under fast pay procedures , all invoices are examined subsequent to payment authorization .
normally , under fast pay procedures , all invoices are examined [later] to payment authorization .

Any subsequent alterations to the data can be readily detected .
any [later] alterations to the data can be readily detected .

To ensure that the purchasing offices compared invoices to receiving reports subsequent to payment authorization , the agency would regularly examine statistical samples of paid invoices , provide adequate training for personnel , and regularly review implementation of controls .
to ensure that the purchasing offices compared invoices to receiving reports [later] to payment authorization , the agency would regularly examine statistical samples of paid invoices , provide adequate training for personnel , and regularly review implementation of controls .

As with other requests , we recommended that the agency 's subsequent 14 In developing a sample plan , agencies should make sure that their proposed procedures would produce savings while adequately protecting the government 's interest .
as with other requests , we recommended that the agency 's [later] 14 in developing a sample plan , agencies should make sure that their proposed procedures would produce savings while adequately protecting the government 's interest .

Subsequent to payment , the designs called for a review of the supporting documentation related to the travel vouchers .
[later] to payment , the designs called for a review of the supporting documentation related to the travel vouchers .

For group health plans coverage under these rules , the Departments cite estimates formulated by the Congressional Budget Office which shows the initial yearly cost ( direct cost to the private sector ) to be $ 50 million with 300,000 people covered and $ 200 million in subsequent years for limiting the length of preexisting conditions exclusions to 12 months .
for group health plans coverage under these rules , the departments cite estimates formulated by the congressional budget office which shows the initial yearly cost ( direct cost to the private sector ) to be $ 50 million with 300,000 people covered and $ 200 million in [later] years for limiting the length of preexisting conditions exclusions to 12 months .

In cases of multiple requests for testimony involving the same subject matter , GAO will testify on the date of the first hearing held and will be available to testify at any subsequent hearings .
in cases of multiple requests for testimony involving the same subject matter , gao will testify on the date of the first hearing held and will be available to testify at any [later] hearings .

Design elements not achievable in the initial development were planned for subsequent development efforts in future generations of the product , but only when technologies were proven to be mature and other resources were available .
design elements not achievable in the initial development were planned for [later] development efforts in future generations of the product , but only when technologies were proven to be mature and other resources were available .

One company emphasized that if a major milestone is delayed , an appropriate adjustment should be made to the end date of the program , thereby avoiding compressing the time allotted for the rest of product development and managing the risks that subsequent milestones will be missed .
one company emphasized that if a major milestone is delayed , an appropriate adjustment should be made to the end date of the program , thereby avoiding compressing the time allotted for the rest of product development and managing the risks that [later] milestones will be missed .

Cummins used the knowledge captured from these and subsequent prototypes to refine and eventually validate the manufacturing processes for the engine .
cummins used the knowledge captured from these and [later] prototypes to refine and eventually validate the manufacturing processes for the engine .

No detailed analysis of the impact on small entities was performed because of the relatively low cost of implementation estimated by EPA ( for most manufacturers substantially less than 1 percent of sales the first year and considerably less in subsequent years ; for non-manufacturers less than $ 1,000 for initial compliance ) .
no detailed analysis of the impact on small entities was performed because of the relatively low cost of implementation estimated by epa ( for most manufacturers substantially less than 1 percent of sales the first year and considerably less in [later] years ; for non-manufacturers less than $ 1,000 for initial compliance ) .

Subsequent external peer reviews should be conducted every 3 years .
[later] external peer reviews should be conducted every 3 years .

Nor does the subsequent discovery of illegal acts committed during the audit period mean that the auditors ' performance was inadequate , provided the audit was made in accordance with GAGAS .
nor does the [later] discovery of illegal acts committed during the audit period mean that the auditors ' performance was inadequate , provided the audit was made in accordance with gagas .

When a GAGAS audit is the basis for an auditor 's subsequent report under the AICPA standards , it would be advantageous to users of the subsequent report for the auditor 's report to include the information on compliance with laws and regulations and internal control that is required by GAGAS but not required by AICPA standards .
when a gagas audit is the basis for an auditor 's [later] report under the aicpa standards , it would be advantageous to users of the [later] report for the auditor 's report to include the information on compliance with laws and regulations and internal control that is required by gagas but not required by aicpa standards .

When a GAGAS attestation engagement is the basis for an auditor 's subsequent report under the AICPA standards , it would be advantageous to users of the subsequent report for the auditor 's report to include the information on compliance with laws and regulations and internal control that is required by GAGAS but not required by AICPA standards .
when a gagas attestation engagement is the basis for an auditor 's [later] report under the aicpa standards , it would be advantageous to users of the [later] report for the auditor 's report to include the information on compliance with laws and regulations and internal control that is required by gagas but not required by aicpa standards .

Examples of outcome measures for an aviation safety inspection program could be the percentage reduction in significant safety problems found in subsequent inspections and/or the percentage of significant problems deemed corrected in follow-up inspections .
examples of outcome measures for an aviation safety inspection program could be the percentage reduction in significant safety problems found in [later] inspections and/or the percentage of significant problems deemed corrected in follow-up inspections .

The effectiveness of controls and awareness activities was then monitored through various analyses , evaluations , and audits , and the results provided input to subsequent risk assessments , which determined if existing policies and controls needed to be modified .
the effectiveness of controls and awareness activities was then monitored through various analyses , evaluations , and audits , and the results provided input to [later] risk assessments , which determined if existing policies and controls needed to be modified .

A subsequent review was performed a few months later to determine if weaknesses had been reduced .
a [later] review was performed a few months later to determine if weaknesses had been reduced .

However , members from one organization did not typically use e-mail because of the lack of security and the inability to control subsequent distribution .
however , members from one organization did not typically use e-mail because of the lack of security and the inability to control [later] distribution .

AMS received more than 275,000 comments on the rule , which were assigned key words to facilitate subsequent analysis .
ams received more than 275,000 comments on the rule , which were assigned key words to facilitate [later] analysis .

For example , he said his agency had developed a format into which electronic comments could be filed , which greatly facilitated the subsequent analysis of the comments .
for example , he said his agency had developed a format into which electronic comments could be filed , which greatly facilitated the [later] analysis of the comments .

Project success under this approach is primarily dependent on the owner 's ability to produce a comprehensive , welldefined , and unambiguous scope of work upon which all subsequent designbuild activity will be based .
project success under this approach is primarily dependent on the owner 's ability to produce a comprehensive , welldefined , and unambiguous scope of work upon which all [later] designbuild activity will be based .

Organizations have 14 Subsequent to the issuance of the FFC report , NASA received ISO 9000 certification for its headquarters office and each of its centers .
organizations have 14 [later] to the issuance of the ffc report , nasa received iso 9000 certification for its headquarters office and each of its centers .

Err on the side of excess participation-it is costeffective protection against subsequent unexpected and expensive fixes and oversights .
err on the side of excess participation-it is costeffective protection against [later] unexpected and expensive fixes and oversights .

Identify the system life used as a basis for evaluating alternatives and determine whether it appears realistic in light of user needs , expected changes in the technology , expected availability of maintenance and other support , and the time needed to prepare subsequent acquisitions .
identify the system life used as a basis for evaluating alternatives and determine whether it appears realistic in light of user needs , expected changes in the technology , expected availability of maintenance and other support , and the time needed to prepare [later] acquisitions .

A draft of the written report is provided subsequent to the exit conference when agency comments are solicited .
a draft of the written report is provided [later] to the exit conference when agency comments are solicited .

To ensure admissibility in subsequent judicial proceedings , OSI performs its work in accordance with the requirements of the U.S. Constitution , statutes , and court decisions applicable to obtaining evidence in criminal and civil cases .
to ensure admissibility in [later] judicial proceedings , osi performs its work in accordance with the requirements of the u.s. constitution , statutes , and court decisions applicable to obtaining evidence in criminal and civil cases .

The evaluators identified the key elements of the programs as implemented and what measurable changes were likely to occur and developed measures of the outcomes , as well as designs for testing cause and effect in the subsequent larger study ( Chelimsky and Sasfy , 1976 ) .
the evaluators identified the key elements of the programs as implemented and what measurable changes were likely to occur and developed measures of the outcomes , as well as designs for testing cause and effect in the [later] larger study ( chelimsky and sasfy , 1976 ) .

If , however , the evaluation question requires GAO to report on how satisfactory progress is or the reasons for problems in implementation , the more staff who can be on site over time , with the richest or `` thickest '' base for examining the situation as the many people involved see it , the sounder our causal conclusions and subsequent recommendations will be .
if , however , the evaluation question requires gao to report on how satisfactory progress is or the reasons for problems in implementation , the more staff who can be on site over time , with the richest or `` thickest '' base for examining the situation as the many people involved see it , the sounder our causal conclusions and [later] recommendations will be .

Alternatively , all themes within one site can be analyzed first ; then data from the second ( and subsequent ) sites can be examined .
alternatively , all themes within one site can be analyzed first ; then data from the second ( and [later] ) sites can be examined .

Subsequent analysis of regional office plans for productivity improvement led to the conclusion that their implementation could save about $ 60 million annually .
[later] analysis of regional office plans for productivity improvement led to the conclusion that their implementation could save about $ 60 million annually .

Open-Ended Interview An interview in which , after an initial or lead question , subsequent questions are determined by topics brought up by the person being interviewed ; the concerns discussed , their sequence , and specific information obtained are not predetermined and the discussion is unconstrained , able to move in unexpected directions .
open-ended interview an interview in which , after an initial or lead question , [later] questions are determined by topics brought up by the person being interviewed ; the concerns discussed , their sequence , and specific information obtained are not predetermined and the discussion is unconstrained , able to move in unexpected directions .

Moreover , by using annual performance plans to set goals to address management weaknesses , agencies provide themselves and Congress with a vehicle-the subsequent agency performance reports-for tracking progress in addressing management problems and considering what , if any , additional efforts are needed .
moreover , by using annual performance plans to set goals to address management weaknesses , agencies provide themselves and congress with a vehicle-the [later] agency performance reports-for tracking progress in addressing management problems and considering what , if any , additional efforts are needed .

Throughout the preamble to the final rule , HUD discusses and responds to issues raised during the comment period , as well as the information gathered during the open house and subsequent working group sessions .
throughout the preamble to the final rule , hud discusses and responds to issues raised during the comment period , as well as the information gathered during the open house and [later] working group sessions .

Section 509 ( h ) of the 1996 LSC appropriation , which has been reenacted in each subsequent year , provides that , notwithstanding section 1006 ( b ) ( 3 ) , LSC auditors and monitors are given explicit access to `` financial records , time records , retainer agreements , client trust fund and eligibility records , and client names , for each recipient … except for reports or records subject to the attorney-client privilege . ''
section 509 ( h ) of the 1996 lsc appropriation , which has been reenacted in each [later] year , provides that , notwithstanding section 1006 ( b ) ( 3 ) , lsc auditors and monitors are given explicit access to `` financial records , time records , retainer agreements , client trust fund and eligibility records , and client names , for each recipient … except for reports or records subject to the attorney-client privilege . ''

For reasons that will be discussed in subsequent sections of this report , we also highlight that this figure represents only a portion of the work conducted by LSC grantees .
for reasons that will be discussed in [later] sections of this report , we also highlight that this figure represents only a portion of the work conducted by lsc grantees .

Capitalized by a $ 353,000 Bar Foundation grant , and a subsequent $ 46,000 South Carolina Bar donation , LATIS began operations in December 1999 .
capitalized by a $ 353,000 bar foundation grant , and a [later] $ 46,000 south carolina bar donation , latis began operations in december 1999 .

The first mergers occurred in 1996 subsequent to LSC funding cuts , when the smallest LSC program , North Central West Virginia Legal Aid Society merged with the largest program West Virginia Legal Services Plan .
the first mergers occurred in 1996 [later] to lsc funding cuts , when the smallest lsc program , north central west virginia legal aid society merged with the largest program west virginia legal services plan .

If hypothesis testing is chosen , subsequent decisions are made on the appropriate procedure for a given set of data , depending on the results of tests of assumptions , as illustrated in the flowchart .
if hypothesis testing is chosen , [later] decisions are made on the appropriate procedure for a given set of data , depending on the results of tests of assumptions , as illustrated in the flowchart .

This is one reason for excluding concentrations that have shown a statistically significant reduction in survival from a subsequent hypothesis test for effects on another parameter such as reproduction .
this is one reason for excluding concentrations that have shown a statistically significant reduction in survival from a [later] hypothesis test for effects on another parameter such as reproduction .

If hypothesis testing is chosen , subsequent decisions are made on the appropriate procedure for a given set of data , depending on the results of the tests of assumptions , as illustrated in the flowchart .
if hypothesis testing is chosen , [later] decisions are made on the appropriate procedure for a given set of data , depending on the results of the tests of assumptions , as illustrated in the flowchart .

This is one reason for excluding concentrations that have shown a statistically significant reduction in survival from a subsequent hypothesis test for effects on another parameter such as reproduction .
this is one reason for excluding concentrations that have shown a statistically significant reduction in survival from a [later] hypothesis test for effects on another parameter such as reproduction .

Plastic netting on glass beakers , flasks and other glassware minimizes breakage and subsequent shattering of the glass .
plastic netting on glass beakers , flasks and other glassware minimizes breakage and [later] shattering of the glass .

Each subsequent year , an additional 1 % of the allowances for twenty years , and then an additional 2.5 % thereafter , will be auctioned until eventually all the allowances are auctioned .
each [later] year , an additional 1 % of the allowances for twenty years , and then an additional 2.5 % thereafter , will be auctioned until eventually all the allowances are auctioned .

Each subsequent year , an additional 1 % of the allowances for twenty years , and then an additional 2.5 % thereafter , will be auctioned until eventually all the allowances are auctioned .
each [later] year , an additional 1 % of the allowances for twenty years , and then an additional 2.5 % thereafter , will be auctioned until eventually all the allowances are auctioned .

Each subsequent year , an additional 1 % of the allowances for twenty years , and then an additional 2.5 % thereafter , will be auctioned until eventually all the allowances are auctioned .
each [later] year , an additional 1 % of the allowances for twenty years , and then an additional 2.5 % thereafter , will be auctioned until eventually all the allowances are auctioned .

Plastic netting on glass beakers , flasks , and other glassware minimizes breakage and subsequent shattering of the glass .
plastic netting on glass beakers , flasks , and other glassware minimizes breakage and [later] shattering of the glass .

This information is used in subsequent exposure , dose-response , and valuation steps , including location-specific baseline mortality and morbidity risk data to generate locationspecific estimates of health benefits .
this information is used in [later] exposure , dose-response , and valuation steps , including location-specific baseline mortality and morbidity risk data to generate locationspecific estimates of health benefits .

As discussed in a subsequent section , this analysis also provides partial estimates of the potential economic value of these visibility improvements .
as discussed in a [later] section , this analysis also provides partial estimates of the potential economic value of these visibility improvements .

However , the terminal dues between ICs will increase gradually over a three-year period , implying different results for subsequent periods .
however , the terminal dues between ics will increase gradually over a three-year period , implying different results for [later] periods .

This section estimates postal labor delivery cost that corresponds to units of time in order to convert time into money in subsequent sections .
this section estimates postal labor delivery cost that corresponds to units of time in order to convert time into money in [later] sections .

However , the Commission also expressed a general willingness to address the concept in a subsequent rulemaking .
however , the commission also expressed a general willingness to address the concept in a [later] rulemaking .

The last set of cross sectional data filed with the Postal Rate Commission in 1989 consisted of a sample of 16,092 different routes.18 Because of the large sample size , these data are far more useful for our analysis than the subsequent panel data.19 Each record in the 1989 CCS contains the date of the observation , the 5-Digit ZIP Code in which the route is located , the route type,20 the number of pieces ( by subclass and by shape ) per stop , the number of possible deliveries and actual deliveries per stop , and the stop type ( `` single delivery residential , '' `` multi-delivery residential , '' and `` business-and-mixed '' ) .
the last set of cross sectional data filed with the postal rate commission in 1989 consisted of a sample of 16,092 different routes.18 because of the large sample size , these data are far more useful for our analysis than the [later] panel data.19 each record in the 1989 ccs contains the date of the observation , the 5-digit zip code in which the route is located , the route type,20 the number of pieces ( by subclass and by shape ) per stop , the number of possible deliveries and actual deliveries per stop , and the stop type ( `` single delivery residential , '' `` multi-delivery residential , '' and `` business-and-mixed '' ) .

HDS is designed so that data collected in a given year can be compared with data collected in preceding or subsequent years .
hds is designed so that data collected in a given year can be compared with data collected in preceding or [later] years .

For example , Jarrah was to send Binalshibh certain personal materials from the hijackers , including copies of their passports , which Binalshibh in turn would pass along to KSM , probably for subsequent use in al Qaeda propaganda .
for example , jarrah was to send binalshibh certain personal materials from the hijackers , including copies of their passports , which binalshibh in turn would pass along to ksm , probably for [later] use in al qaeda propaganda .

Whatever the merits of the March 1995 Gorelick memorandum and the subsequent July 1995 Attorney General procedures on information sharing , they did not apply to the information the analyst decided she could not share with the criminal agent .
whatever the merits of the march 1995 gorelick memorandum and the [later] july 1995 attorney general procedures on information sharing , they did not apply to the information the analyst decided she could not share with the criminal agent .

For the subsequent identification , see CIA cable , follow-up source on KSM , July 11 , 2001 .
for the [later] identification , see cia cable , follow-up source on ksm , july 11 , 2001 .

For the helicopters ' subsequent actions and protocol , see NYPD interview 12 , Aviation ( Mar .
for the helicopters ' [later] actions and protocol , see nypd interview 12 , aviation ( mar .

It is unknown whether there were any prior or subsequent orders or attempts to release the building 's locks .
it is unknown whether there were any prior or [later] orders or attempts to release the building 's locks .

For the subsequent order , see FDNY interview 40 , Battalion 4 ( Feb. 12 , 2004 ) .
for the [later] order , see fdny interview 40 , battalion 4 ( feb. 12 , 2004 ) .

For the chief on the 35th floor hearing of the South Tower collapse and taking subsequent action , see FDNY interview 23 , Chief ( Jan. 23 , 2004 ) .
for the chief on the 35th floor hearing of the south tower collapse and taking [later] action , see fdny interview 23 , chief ( jan. 23 , 2004 ) .

For the subsequent exchange , see NYPD interview 6 , ESU ( Feb. 19 , 2004 ) ; NYPD interview 5 , ESU ( Feb. 19 , 2004 ) ; NYPD interview 15 , ESU ( Mar .
for the [later] exchange , see nypd interview 6 , esu ( feb. 19 , 2004 ) ; nypd interview 5 , esu ( feb. 19 , 2004 ) ; nypd interview 15 , esu ( mar .

Two hijackers could have been denied admission at the port of entry based on violations of immigration rules governing terms of admission-Mohamed Atta overstayed his tourist visa and then failed to present a proper vocational school visa when he entered in January 2001 ; Ziad Jarrah attended school in June 2000 without properly adjusting his immigration status , an action that violated his immigration status and rendered him inadmissible on each of his six subsequent reentries into the United States between June 2000 and August 5 , 2001 .
two hijackers could have been denied admission at the port of entry based on violations of immigration rules governing terms of admission-mohamed atta overstayed his tourist visa and then failed to present a proper vocational school visa when he entered in january 2001 ; ziad jarrah attended school in june 2000 without properly adjusting his immigration status , an action that violated his immigration status and rendered him inadmissible on each of his six [later] reentries into the united states between june 2000 and august 5 , 2001 .

For a general history of the FBI , supporting the subsequent text ( unless otherwise noted ) , see Athan G. Theoharis , et al. , The FBI : A Comprehensive Reference Guide ( Onyx Press , 1999 ) ; the FBI 's authorized history , FBI report , `` History of the FBI '' ( online at www.fbi.gov/libref/historic/history/historymain.htm ) ; the FBI 's history as told by the Federation of American Scientists , `` History of the FBI , '' updated June 18 , 2003 ( online at www.fas.org/irp/agency/doj/fbi/fbi_hist.htm ) .
for a general history of the fbi , supporting the [later] text ( unless otherwise noted ) , see athan g. theoharis , et al. , the fbi : a comprehensive reference guide ( onyx press , 1999 ) ; the fbi 's authorized history , fbi report , `` history of the fbi '' ( online at www.fbi.gov/libref/historic/history/historymain.htm ) ; the fbi 's history as told by the federation of american scientists , `` history of the fbi , '' updated june 18 , 2003 ( online at www.fas.org/irp/agency/doj/fbi/fbi_hist.htm ) .

Subsequent reporting , however , suggested that high-level UAE officials had indeed been at the desert camp .
[later] reporting , however , suggested that high-level uae officials had indeed been at the desert camp .

Only three days of a 16-week agents ' course were devoted to counterintelligence and counterterrorism , and most subsequent training was received on the job .
only three days of a 16-week agents ' course were devoted to counterintelligence and counterterrorism , and most [later] training was received on the job .

Subsequent chapters will raise the issue of whether , despite tremendous talent , energy , and dedication , the intelligence community failed to do enough in coping with the challenge from Bin Ladin and al Qaeda .
[later] chapters will raise the issue of whether , despite tremendous talent , energy , and dedication , the intelligence community failed to do enough in coping with the challenge from bin ladin and al qaeda .

A National Intelligence Estimate on terrorism in 1997 had only briefly mentioned Bin Ladin , and no subsequent national estimate would authoritatively evaluate the terrorism danger until after 9/11 .
a national intelligence estimate on terrorism in 1997 had only briefly mentioned bin ladin , and no [later] national estimate would authoritatively evaluate the terrorism danger until after 9/11 .

Given the closely held character of the document approved in December 1998 , and the subsequent return to the earlier language , it is possible to understand how the former White House officials and the CIA officials might disagree as to whether the CIA was ever authorized by the President to kill Bin Ladin .
given the closely held character of the document approved in december 1998 , and the [later] return to the earlier language , it is possible to understand how the former white house officials and the cia officials might disagree as to whether the cia was ever authorized by the president to kill bin ladin .

When subsequent information came , more critical for analysis than for tracking , no unit had the job of following up on what the information might mean .
when [later] information came , more critical for analysis than for tracking , no unit had the job of following up on what the information might mean .

Attorney General John Ashcroft told us that he saw his job in directing this effort as `` risk minimization , '' both to find out who had committed the attacks and to prevent a subsequent attack .
attorney general john ashcroft told us that he saw his job in directing this effort as `` risk minimization , '' both to find out who had committed the attacks and to prevent a [later] attack .

These trainers were later heard boasting that their assistance led to the October 1993 shootdown of two U.S. Black Hawk helicopters by members of a Somali militia group and to the subsequent withdrawal of U.S. forces in early 1994 .
these trainers were later heard boasting that their assistance led to the october 1993 shootdown of two u.s. black hawk helicopters by members of a somali militia group and to the [later] withdrawal of u.s. forces in early 1994 .

While Nashiri continued to consult Bin Ladin on the planning of subsequent terrorist projects , he retained discretion in selecting operatives and devising attacks .
while nashiri continued to consult bin ladin on the planning of [later] terrorist projects , he retained discretion in selecting operatives and devising attacks .

Binalshibh 's visa request was rejected , however , as were his three subsequent applications .
binalshibh 's visa request was rejected , however , as were his three [later] applications .

KSM has observed that the East Africa bombings and the subsequent bombing of the USS Cole yielded a recruiting bonanza for al Qaeda , as increasing numbers of Arab youth became enamored of the idea of waging jihad against the United States .
ksm has observed that the east africa bombings and the [later] bombing of the uss cole yielded a recruiting bonanza for al qaeda , as increasing numbers of arab youth became enamored of the idea of waging jihad against the united states .

For Khallad 's subsequent actions , see Intelligence report , interrogation of Khallad , July 31 , 2003 .
for khallad 's [later] actions , see intelligence report , interrogation of khallad , july 31 , 2003 .

These meetings , and subsequent interviews of Bin Ladin family members in the United States , helped the U.S. government revise its understanding of Bin Ladin 's wealth .
these meetings , and [later] interviews of bin ladin family members in the united states , helped the u.s. government revise its understanding of bin ladin 's wealth .

For Bin Ladin 's order to evacuate and subsequent actions , see Intelligence report , interrogation of Abu Zubaydah , Dec. 13 , 2003 .
for bin ladin 's order to evacuate and [later] actions , see intelligence report , interrogation of abu zubaydah , dec. 13 , 2003 .

Ali did provide identification for his initial wire transfer to Hazmi in April that , along with some contact information he provided when he made subsequent transfers , helped the FBI unravel his aliases after 9/11 .
ali did provide identification for his initial wire transfer to hazmi in april that , along with some contact information he provided when he made [later] transfers , helped the fbi unravel his aliases after 9/11 .

There are no witnesses who report that Moussaoui and Binalshibh actually met in London , but Moussaoui 's subsequent travel to Afghanistan implies that he received instructions from Binalshibh .
there are no witnesses who report that moussaoui and binalshibh actually met in london , but moussaoui 's [later] travel to afghanistan implies that he received instructions from binalshibh .

For their subsequent movements , see White House transcript , Vice President Cheney interview with Newsweek , Nov. 19 , 2001 , p. 5 ; White House transcript , Lynne Cheney interview with Newsweek , Nov. 9 , 2001 , p. 2 .
for their [later] movements , see white house transcript , vice president cheney interview with newsweek , nov. 19 , 2001 , p. 5 ; white house transcript , lynne cheney interview with newsweek , nov. 9 , 2001 , p. 2 .

That message and all subsequent attempts to contact the flight were not acknowledged .
that message and all [later] attempts to contact the flight were not acknowledged .

NIH has promised a period of public comment on its plan for implementing the Appropriations Committee 's requirement before moving forward , in addition to the information-gathering meeting of publishers in July and subsequent meetings hosted by Dr. Zerhouni .
nih has promised a period of public comment on its plan for implementing the appropriations committee 's requirement before moving forward , in addition to the information-gathering meeting of publishers in july and [later] meetings hosted by dr. zerhouni .

For each of these days , the analysis only used data prior to and including the day in question , ignoring all data from subsequent days .
for each of these days , the analysis only used data prior to and including the day in question , ignoring all data from [later] days .

Although Leibler and colleagues took significant steps toward identifying and explaining how such robustness came about , it took a subsequent group ( Yi et al .
although leibler and colleagues took significant steps toward identifying and explaining how such robustness came about , it took a [later] group ( yi et al .

Subsequent fMRI data has confirmed and increased the precision of the anatomy proposed for each of these stages .
[later] fmri data has confirmed and increased the precision of the anatomy proposed for each of these stages .

Although the paper was not published in a high-profile journal , this elegant and very significant result has had a huge influence on subsequent research .
although the paper was not published in a high-profile journal , this elegant and very significant result has had a huge influence on [later] research .

Typical maturation and half-life of mature cellular holoAPP were observed , as was subsequent release of sAPP α [ 5,29 ] .
typical maturation and half-life of mature cellular holoapp were observed , as was [later] release of sapp α [ 5,29 ] .

The heuristic simplicity and logical cogency of this model facilitated its wide acceptance , although it did not explain the processes that set the “ default. ” Some of these processes have been the subject of subsequent studies that were conducted in several different species , and this has led to a more refined ( and probably more accurate ) picture .
the heuristic simplicity and logical cogency of this model facilitated its wide acceptance , although it did not explain the processes that set the “ default. ” some of these processes have been the subject of [later] studies that were conducted in several different species , and this has led to a more refined ( and probably more accurate ) picture .

Because AGE-BSA glycated for 5 wk ( AGE-BSA5 ) induced robust apoptosis at concentrations between 20 and 40 μM ( Figure 4A ) , we chose this preparation and concentration for further analysis in all subsequent experiments .
because age-bsa glycated for 5 wk ( age-bsa5 ) induced robust apoptosis at concentrations between 20 and 40 μm ( figure 4a ) , we chose this preparation and concentration for further analysis in all [later] experiments .

If seasonal hay fever was epidemic in 1960 , then the subsequent increase in asthma has to be seen in a different light .
if seasonal hay fever was epidemic in 1960 , then the [later] increase in asthma has to be seen in a different light .

Thus , the impact of subsequent heterospecific transmission is limited ( Figure 1 ) .
thus , the impact of [later] heterospecific transmission is limited ( figure 1 ) .

Case reports in this cohort of patients have demonstrated that drug-resistant variants that appeared during TIs may not persist in subsequent time points even after repeated use of the same antiretroviral regimen [ 19,34 ] .
case reports in this cohort of patients have demonstrated that drug-resistant variants that appeared during tis may not persist in [later] time points even after repeated use of the same antiretroviral regimen [ 19,34 ] .

Unfortunately , this signal is complicated by subsequent piecemeal loss and gain of gene family members .
unfortunately , this signal is complicated by [later] piecemeal loss and gain of gene family members .

The initially tandem arrangement of segmental duplications can be broken up by subsequent rearrangements .
the initially tandem arrangement of segmental duplications can be broken up by [later] rearrangements .

Subsequent development of vaccines based on the bacterium 's polysaccharide capsule , which could protect against infection , confirmed that an endogenous antibody response can provide protection against invasive disease .
[later] development of vaccines based on the bacterium 's polysaccharide capsule , which could protect against infection , confirmed that an endogenous antibody response can provide protection against invasive disease .

The team found that health outcomes among monozygotic adult female twins who lived together through childhood varied by their subsequent socioeconomic position .
the team found that health outcomes among monozygotic adult female twins who lived together through childhood varied by their [later] socioeconomic position .

Thus , this study can not fairly be characterized as an assessment of intentional weight loss and its subsequent effect on mortality .
thus , this study can not fairly be characterized as an assessment of intentional weight loss and its [later] effect on mortality .

Subsequent work has shown that the loss of an ion channel may often be compensated by a change in the expression of other ion channels .
[later] work has shown that the loss of an ion channel may often be compensated by a change in the expression of other ion channels .

All images were archived on DICOM PACS servers ( MIPortal , CMIR and Siemens Medical Systems , Erlangen , Germany ; and Impax RS 3000 , AGFA Technical Imaging Systems , Richfield Park , New Jersey , United States ) for subsequent analysis .
all images were archived on dicom pacs servers ( miportal , cmir and siemens medical systems , erlangen , germany ; and impax rs 3000 , agfa technical imaging systems , richfield park , new jersey , united states ) for [later] analysis .

Subsequent studies showed that transplanted islets could reverse diabetes in both rodents and non-human primates [ 10,11 ] ( Figure 1 ) .
[later] studies showed that transplanted islets could reverse diabetes in both rodents and non-human primates [ 10,11 ] ( figure 1 ) .

We found no evidence of malignancy on admission or subsequent follow-up .
we found no evidence of malignancy on admission or [later] follow-up .

The main hypothesis of the study was that early treatment of acute HIV-1 infection followed by STI would lead to immune boosting and subsequent control of viremia without the need for drugs .
the main hypothesis of the study was that early treatment of acute hiv-1 infection followed by sti would lead to immune boosting and [later] control of viremia without the need for drugs .

Methods Objective The hypothesis of the study was that early treatment of acute HIV-1 infection would confer immunologic maturation and subsequent control of HIV-1 without the need for ongoing drug therapy .
methods objective the hypothesis of the study was that early treatment of acute hiv-1 infection would confer immunologic maturation and [later] control of hiv-1 without the need for ongoing drug therapy .

Once control was achieved , the majority of the patients experienced a subsequent rise in viremia .
once control was achieved , the majority of the patients experienced a [later] rise in viremia .

A paired comparison ( Wilcoxon matched-pairs signed-ranks test ) showed no significant difference in the length of viremia control with subsequent treatment interruptions .
a paired comparison ( wilcoxon matched-pairs signed-ranks test ) showed no significant difference in the length of viremia control with [later] treatment interruptions .

A further increase in the magnitude and breadth of HIV-1-specific CD8+ T cells was observed in the subsequent off-treatment periods , although these augmentations failed to reach statistical significance .
a further increase in the magnitude and breadth of hiv-1-specific cd8+ t cells was observed in the [later] off-treatment periods , although these augmentations failed to reach statistical significance .

The major question now is whether there are analogous prion-like proteins in mammalian cells that are involved in aggregation of huntingtin or ataxin-3 and subsequent neurodegenerative disease .
the major question now is whether there are analogous prion-like proteins in mammalian cells that are involved in aggregation of huntingtin or ataxin-3 and [later] neurodegenerative disease .

Subsequent work ( Foster et al .
[later] work ( foster et al .

Since the primary purpose of examining incidence in Finland was to compare age-specific rates against published distributions of antibody concentrations for the same age groups [ 12 ] , we restricted our attention to serotype 14 and serogroup 6 , for which subsequent investigations suggested antibody measurements in Finland were relatively unaffected by cross-reactions [ 13 ] ( ELISA measurements for published data from Finland used a special type 6B polysaccharide that was found to minimize cross-reactions [ 13 ] ) .
since the primary purpose of examining incidence in finland was to compare age-specific rates against published distributions of antibody concentrations for the same age groups [ 12 ] , we restricted our attention to serotype 14 and serogroup 6 , for which [later] investigations suggested antibody measurements in finland were relatively unaffected by cross-reactions [ 13 ] ( elisa measurements for published data from finland used a special type 6b polysaccharide that was found to minimize cross-reactions [ 13 ] ) .

In Kenya , antibodies to another conserved protein , pneumococcal surface adhesin A , showed similar distributions in the first , second , and subsequent years of life , while in Finland , levels of these antibodies were already high ( equivalent to adult levels ) in the first year of life , and increased above these levels in the second year .
in kenya , antibodies to another conserved protein , pneumococcal surface adhesin a , showed similar distributions in the first , second , and [later] years of life , while in finland , levels of these antibodies were already high ( equivalent to adult levels ) in the first year of life , and increased above these levels in the second year .

Such data are consistent with the hypothesis that antibodies to these , or perhaps other , conserved pneumococcal proteins are in part responsible for the decline in invasive disease in the second and subsequent years of life .
such data are consistent with the hypothesis that antibodies to these , or perhaps other , conserved pneumococcal proteins are in part responsible for the decline in invasive disease in the second and [later] years of life .

We have recently shown that mice that are exposed thrice at weekly intervals to intranasal colonization with encapsulated pneumococci are protected against subsequent carriage , that this protection is effective for heterologous as well as homologous capsular types , and that it is effective even in MuMT mice , which lack the ability to produce antibodies ( Malley R , Trzcinski K , Srivastava A , Thompson CM , Anderson PW , et al. , unpublished data ) .
we have recently shown that mice that are exposed thrice at weekly intervals to intranasal colonization with encapsulated pneumococci are protected against [later] carriage , that this protection is effective for heterologous as well as homologous capsular types , and that it is effective even in mumt mice , which lack the ability to produce antibodies ( malley r , trzcinski k , srivastava a , thompson cm , anderson pw , et al. , unpublished data ) .

The recent detention and subsequent release of 39 male transvestite members of the Blue Diamond Society , a local organization that provides sexual health , HIV/AIDS , and advocacy services to sexual minorities , highlights the challenges faced by sexual minorities in Nepal [ 16 ] .
the recent detention and [later] release of 39 male transvestite members of the blue diamond society , a local organization that provides sexual health , hiv/aids , and advocacy services to sexual minorities , highlights the challenges faced by sexual minorities in nepal [ 16 ] .

The corresponding images were stored separately as monochromatic eight-bit images for subsequent digital image analysis and automated cell counting .
the corresponding images were stored separately as monochromatic eight-bit images for [later] digital image analysis and automated cell counting .

Phage are also antigenic , and the antibodies they stimulate will neutralize their effects during subsequent treatment , he says .
phage are also antigenic , and the antibodies they stimulate will neutralize their effects during [later] treatment , he says .

Persistent microalbuminuria should be confirmed on two or three subsequent readings within a six-month period to rule out false-positive results .
persistent microalbuminuria should be confirmed on two or three [later] readings within a six-month period to rule out false-positive results .

The identification of the Hox genes in Drosophila melanogaster and the subsequent discovery of their conservation and similar expression in different Metazoans led to the revolutionary realization that many of the mechanisms critical to basic animal development have been conserved across more than 500 million years of evolution .
the identification of the hox genes in drosophila melanogaster and the [later] discovery of their conservation and similar expression in different metazoans led to the revolutionary realization that many of the mechanisms critical to basic animal development have been conserved across more than 500 million years of evolution .

This approach allows the discovery and interpretation of small-scale sex determination changes before they are obscured by subsequent changes .
this approach allows the discovery and interpretation of small-scale sex determination changes before they are obscured by [later] changes .

Plasma and whole blood RNA ( PAX tube isolators , Qiagen ) samples were isolated from blood , and stored under appropriate conditions for subsequent assays .
plasma and whole blood rna ( pax tube isolators , qiagen ) samples were isolated from blood , and stored under appropriate conditions for [later] assays .

For example , while education has often been valued as a socioeconomic measure precisely because , once achieved , it is not subject to reverse causation ( e.g. , poorer health leading to lower income ) , it also has been shown to be insensitive to subsequent changes in adult socioeconomic position ( e.g. , income dynamics ) that also can affect adult health status [ 16â€ “ 22 ] .
for example , while education has often been valued as a socioeconomic measure precisely because , once achieved , it is not subject to reverse causation ( e.g. , poorer health leading to lower income ) , it also has been shown to be insensitive to [later] changes in adult socioeconomic position ( e.g. , income dynamics ) that also can affect adult health status [ 16â€ “ 22 ] .

Discussion Our study provides novel evidence suggesting that correlations in health outcomes among adult women twin pairs who lived together through childhood vary by their subsequent socioeconomic position , with results sensitive to choice of socioeconomic measure .
discussion our study provides novel evidence suggesting that correlations in health outcomes among adult women twin pairs who lived together through childhood vary by their [later] socioeconomic position , with results sensitive to choice of socioeconomic measure .

The increased availability of electronic health-care data , however , raises the possibility of more automated and earlier outbreak detection and subsequent intervention .
the increased availability of electronic health-care data , however , raises the possibility of more automated and earlier outbreak detection and [later] intervention .

These time-delayed free-access journals are helpful for course adjustments in the subsequent academic year , but not the current semester .
these time-delayed free-access journals are helpful for course adjustments in the [later] academic year , but not the current semester .

Thus , no evidence of “ immune boosting ” during STIs and subsequent viral control in the absence of antiretroviral drugs was ever established .
thus , no evidence of “ immune boosting ” during stis and [later] viral control in the absence of antiretroviral drugs was ever established .

Subsequent infectious contacts are mediated by a wide range of social interactions—contacts within and among households and communities—so that even individuals that are virtually identical can differ considerably in the number of secondary infections they cause .
[later] infectious contacts are mediated by a wide range of social interactions—contacts within and among households and communities—so that even individuals that are virtually identical can differ considerably in the number of secondary infections they cause .

They found a unique way to fit the bases in the structure by pairing , and by March 7 they had the double-helix model constructed : it obeyed the Chargaff ratios , it fit the X-ray data for B-DNA , and it provided a rational way to encode and transmit genetic information to subsequent generations .
they found a unique way to fit the bases in the structure by pairing , and by march 7 they had the double-helix model constructed : it obeyed the chargaff ratios , it fit the x-ray data for b-dna , and it provided a rational way to encode and transmit genetic information to [later] generations .

Wilkins enjoyed being included in the subsequent awards—the Lasker and the Nobel prizes .
wilkins enjoyed being included in the [later] awards—the lasker and the nobel prizes .

Among existing drug therapies , 3-hydroxy-3-methyl-glutaryl coenzyme A reductase inhibitors , more commonly known as statins , provide a generally well-tolerated and effective option for lowering LDL-C levels and decreasing the likelihood of subsequent CHD events [ 3,4 ] .
among existing drug therapies , 3-hydroxy-3-methyl-glutaryl coenzyme a reductase inhibitors , more commonly known as statins , provide a generally well-tolerated and effective option for lowering ldl-c levels and decreasing the likelihood of [later] chd events [ 3,4 ] .

However , it was a subsequent paper ( Crete et al .
however , it was a [later] paper ( crete et al .

By making this assumption , we ignored that an unsuccessful challenge may induce some degree of immunity against subsequent challenges .
by making this assumption , we ignored that an unsuccessful challenge may induce some degree of immunity against [later] challenges .

Since transient infection is much more likely to lead to immunization [ 35 ] , thus leading to lower probabilities of infection in subsequent challenges , we suggest considering transient viremia as successful infection and not to re-challenge animals that were transiently infected .
since transient infection is much more likely to lead to immunization [ 35 ] , thus leading to lower probabilities of infection in [later] challenges , we suggest considering transient viremia as successful infection and not to re-challenge animals that were transiently infected .

Very importantly , is an unsuccessfully challenged animal partially immunized against further challenges , or , alternatively , do unsuccessful challenges facilitate future infection by “ seeding ” animals with defective proviruses that may recombine with complementing viruses upon subsequent exposures [ 44 ] ?
very importantly , is an unsuccessfully challenged animal partially immunized against further challenges , or , alternatively , do unsuccessful challenges facilitate future infection by “ seeding ” animals with defective proviruses that may recombine with complementing viruses upon [later] exposures [ 44 ] ?

Despite considerable effort expended by the author , no clarity as to the identity or subsequent fate of Karen can be offered here .
despite considerable effort expended by the author , no clarity as to the identity or [later] fate of karen can be offered here .

In a subsequent press release issued the same day , entitled `` Can We Trust Bill Bradley To Keep the Economy Strong ? ''
in a [later] press release issued the same day , entitled `` can we trust bill bradley to keep the economy strong ? ''

By contrast , the `` media savvy '' Tony Blair 's responses , as one participant in the subsequent online discussion noted , `` only seemed to be an advert for the Labour manifesto ... whereas all the other replies seem to have taken some time in their approach to the questions . ''
by contrast , the `` media savvy '' tony blair 's responses , as one participant in the [later] online discussion noted , `` only seemed to be an advert for the labour manifesto ... whereas all the other replies seem to have taken some time in their approach to the questions . ''

By the way , it 's USAT that makes it clear that this unrestricted resolution means any subsequent impeachment inquiry might include an investigation of Clinton 's 1996 campaign fund-raising .
by the way , it 's usat that makes it clear that this unrestricted resolution means any [later] impeachment inquiry might include an investigation of clinton 's 1996 campaign fund-raising .

The NYT points out that neither the Gulf War nor subsequent strikes in 1993 and 1996 significantly eroded Hussein 's interest in or capability for weapons development .
the nyt points out that neither the gulf war nor [later] strikes in 1993 and 1996 significantly eroded hussein 's interest in or capability for weapons development .

At issue is what exactly must the link be between a gift and any subsequent act by the official receiving it before it constitutes an illegal quid pro quo .
at issue is what exactly must the link be between a gift and any [later] act by the official receiving it before it constitutes an illegal quid pro quo .

Subsequent studies , orginating from California to New Zealand , confirm these findings .
[later] studies , orginating from california to new zealand , confirm these findings .

In his subsequent plays -- both the few that are good and the many that are not so good -- these ideas become steadily more tiresome .
in his [later] plays -- both the few that are good and the many that are not so good -- these ideas become steadily more tiresome .

Proposed Standard : Vampirization to be contingent upon total extraction of victim 's own blood and its subsequent replacement by blood of donor vampire .
proposed standard : vampirization to be contingent upon total extraction of victim 's own blood and its [later] replacement by blood of donor vampire .

Tyler 's subsequent idea of confining his group 's mayhem to franchise coffee bars and corporate-subsidized art is a witty one -- it 's like a parody of neo-Nazism as re-enacted by yuppies .
tyler 's [later] idea of confining his group 's mayhem to franchise coffee bars and corporate-subsidized art is a witty one -- it 's like a parody of neo-nazism as re-enacted by yuppies .

Son of Sam 's subsequent killings are loud and splattery , photographed in the style of Halloween -- which was filmed , maybe not so coincidentally , in 1977 .
son of sam 's [later] killings are loud and splattery , photographed in the style of halloween -- which was filmed , maybe not so coincidentally , in 1977 .

Not so fast , says Weiner : Said 's childhood was not `` the parable of Palestinian identity '' marked by dispossession from a beloved homeland and the subsequent pain of exile .
not so fast , says weiner : said 's childhood was not `` the parable of palestinian identity '' marked by dispossession from a beloved homeland and the [later] pain of exile .

Said 's subsequent work has retained much of the expansive spirit and rigorous methodology of Levin 's teachings .
said 's [later] work has retained much of the expansive spirit and rigorous methodology of levin 's teachings .

In subsequent conversations , Lana claimed that she did n't find out until Brandon was jailed or until John and Tom had taken his pants down or until he 'd been raped .
in [later] conversations , lana claimed that she did n't find out until brandon was jailed or until john and tom had taken his pants down or until he 'd been raped .

Subsequent jokes are grounded , predictably , in their sundry sexual humiliations ; easy stuff , but concentrated and layered so that they add up to a vision of adolescence as a hormone-wracked purgatory .
[later] jokes are grounded , predictably , in their sundry sexual humiliations ; easy stuff , but concentrated and layered so that they add up to a vision of adolescence as a hormone-wracked purgatory .

Instead , they were stolen from him by a subsequent girlfriend , Anna Ferretti , who tried to sell them to the Mirror for a large sum .
instead , they were stolen from him by a [later] girlfriend , anna ferretti , who tried to sell them to the mirror for a large sum .

Rips contends that the rebuttal paper misrepresents the original experiment 's methods and that it ignores subsequent tests that he regards as immune from data-tuning charges .
rips contends that the rebuttal paper misrepresents the original experiment 's methods and that it ignores [later] tests that he regards as immune from data-tuning charges .

Results were no better on subsequent nights .
results were no better on [later] nights .

The standard phraseology I am leaning toward for discussing future events is `` an event to occur on a day subsequent to the several other days that shall proceed duly in the natural course of time forward from the present moment , eventually accruing into units characterized as months and , much later , years . ''
the standard phraseology i am leaning toward for discussing future events is `` an event to occur on a day [later] to the several other days that shall proceed duly in the natural course of time forward from the present moment , eventually accruing into units characterized as months and , much later , years . ''

As a result of your conversation with her and subsequent reports that showed that she had tried to enlist the help of someone else in her lie that the President sexually harassed her , you now do not believe that what she claimed happened really happened .
as a result of your conversation with her and [later] reports that showed that she had tried to enlist the help of someone else in her lie that the president sexually harassed her , you now do not believe that what she claimed happened really happened .

As a result of my conversation with her and subsequent reports that showed she had tried to enlist the help of someone else in her lie that the President sexually harassed her , I now do not believe that what she claimed happened really happened .
as a result of my conversation with her and [later] reports that showed she had tried to enlist the help of someone else in her lie that the president sexually harassed her , i now do not believe that what she claimed happened really happened .

As subsequent sentences make clear , that side is the administration 's -- as distinct from Jones ' .
as [later] sentences make clear , that side is the administration 's -- as distinct from jones ' .

He was more respected than any subsequent president has been at the time of his inauguration .
he was more respected than any [later] president has been at the time of his inauguration .

Subsequent inaugurals routinely contain protestations of humility , but they are perfunctory and do not sound sincere .
[later] inaugurals routinely contain protestations of humility , but they are perfunctory and do not sound sincere .

Based on the subsequent history , I think it was a correct decision .
based on the [later] history , i think it was a correct decision .

Diaz then juxtaposes Ellis ' assertion that a certain health claim for Metabolife is `` not on the Metabolife Web -- Web page , '' with Ellis ' subsequent embarrassed admission , when presented with contrary evidence , that `` I do n't know my company Web site .
diaz then juxtaposes ellis ' assertion that a certain health claim for metabolife is `` not on the metabolife web -- web page , '' with ellis ' [later] embarrassed admission , when presented with contrary evidence , that `` i do n't know my company web site .

The Post quotes experts who think that any subsequent budget agreement will tap in , but via `` enough budget gimmicks to obscure the picture . ''
the post quotes experts who think that any [later] budget agreement will tap in , but via `` enough budget gimmicks to obscure the picture . ''

Then came the accusation of treason in 1894 against the French army officer Alfred Dreyfus , who happened to be Jewish , and the subsequent division of French society into French nationalists convinced of Dreyfus ' guilt and those equally convinced of his innocence .
then came the accusation of treason in 1894 against the french army officer alfred dreyfus , who happened to be jewish , and the [later] division of french society into french nationalists convinced of dreyfus ' guilt and those equally convinced of his innocence .

In fact , he avoided action in Korea by going to drama school , and his subsequent military career was mostly spent directing and performing in armed-forces theatrical productions ( though he did crash one helicopter and three jets while in pilot training ) .
in fact , he avoided action in korea by going to drama school , and his [later] military career was mostly spent directing and performing in armed-forces theatrical productions ( though he did crash one helicopter and three jets while in pilot training ) .

A modest fabrication , but not bad for a president whose subsequent campaign slogan was `` I 'll never lie to you . ''
a modest fabrication , but not bad for a president whose [later] campaign slogan was `` i 'll never lie to you . ''

The arrest -- and Michael 's subsequent acknowledgment of his homosexuality -- did give the Globe the opportunity to print pictures it had from last year of Michael cruising the same park .
the arrest -- and michael 's [later] acknowledgment of his homosexuality -- did give the globe the opportunity to print pictures it had from last year of michael cruising the same park .

Authorities had to get an unprecedented court order to allow the release of his name so that they can find , warn , and test his sex partners and their subsequent sex partners , who may number in the hundreds .
authorities had to get an unprecedented court order to allow the release of his name so that they can find , warn , and test his sex partners and their [later] sex partners , who may number in the hundreds .

The David Brock whose subsequent book about Hillary practically called her a Commie ?
the david brock whose [later] book about hillary practically called her a commie ?

The Post notes that in a subsequent FBI account of the Waco assault , Rogers made no mention of the incendiary rounds .
the post notes that in a [later] fbi account of the waco assault , rogers made no mention of the incendiary rounds .

The NYT cites law enforcement officials saying that the tape supports their account that the canisters bounced harmlessly off the bunker 's roof and hence could not have started the subsequent lethal fire , and also points out that nobody in law enforcement , including Reno , has suggested that the tear-gas devices contributed to the fire .
the nyt cites law enforcement officials saying that the tape supports their account that the canisters bounced harmlessly off the bunker 's roof and hence could not have started the [later] lethal fire , and also points out that nobody in law enforcement , including reno , has suggested that the tear-gas devices contributed to the fire .

Time 's package on the Microsoft antitrust case features an interview with Assistant Attorney General Joel Klein ; thumbnail sketches of the major players ; a long rundown of Microsoft 's many holdings , partnerships , and investments ; and a short history of Netscape 's meteoric rise and subsequent fragility .
time 's package on the microsoft antitrust case features an interview with assistant attorney general joel klein ; thumbnail sketches of the major players ; a long rundown of microsoft 's many holdings , partnerships , and investments ; and a short history of netscape 's meteoric rise and [later] fragility .

Subsequent reviewers disagree .
[later] reviewers disagree .

The Air Force says the case was less about adultery and more about Flinn 's subsequent lying and cover-up .
the air force says the case was less about adultery and more about flinn 's [later] lying and cover-up .

Even so , he landed subsequent jobs as a paramedic and a medical resident ( hospitals did n't thoroughly investigate his background ) .
even so , he landed [later] jobs as a paramedic and a medical resident ( hospitals did n't thoroughly investigate his background ) .

If an appeals court sustains the ruling ( which is considered unlikely ) , and if subsequent ballistics tests indicate that the gun did not fire the deadly bullet , then there could be a new trial .
if an appeals court sustains the ruling ( which is considered unlikely ) , and if [later] ballistics tests indicate that the gun did not fire the deadly bullet , then there could be a new trial .

Hardly a word about her courtship with Joseph Gousha -- they meet offstage and zip , they 're off to marry -- or about the nature of their subsequent disagreements .
hardly a word about her courtship with joseph gousha -- they meet offstage and zip , they 're off to marry -- or about the nature of their [later] disagreements .

He thinks the United States , given the way the war was being fought , should have pulled out in 1968 , if only to avert the subsequent casualties that , he argues , wound up weakening America 's determination to combat Soviet and Chinese communism .
he thinks the united states , given the way the war was being fought , should have pulled out in 1968 , if only to avert the [later] casualties that , he argues , wound up weakening america 's determination to combat soviet and chinese communism .

Most of the subsequent Microsoft witnesses brought to the trial the same set of characteristics that were so vividly on display during the Gates deposition : defensiveness , arrogance , an unwillingness to say anything straightforwardly .
most of the [later] microsoft witnesses brought to the trial the same set of characteristics that were so vividly on display during the gates deposition : defensiveness , arrogance , an unwillingness to say anything straightforwardly .

Northern Ireland 's troubles increased over Christmas with the murder in the Maze prison of `` King Rat , '' the jailed Protestant terrorist Billy Wright , and the subsequent retaliatory shooting in County Tyrone of a Roman Catholic , Seamus Dillon .
northern ireland 's troubles increased over christmas with the murder in the maze prison of `` king rat , '' the jailed protestant terrorist billy wright , and the [later] retaliatory shooting in county tyrone of a roman catholic , seamus dillon .

The piece is by the NYT 's long-time social policy reporter , Robert Pear , but it will be interesting to see how the Times handles any subsequent coverage of this by its other main poor people reporter , Jason DeParle , whose wife is the administration 's Medicaid expansion point person .
the piece is by the nyt 's long-time social policy reporter , robert pear , but it will be interesting to see how the times handles any [later] coverage of this by its other main poor people reporter , jason deparle , whose wife is the administration 's medicaid expansion point person .

As Will acidly recounted in a subsequent column , Jackson 's `` answer to [ that ] question was , 'Explain that . ' ''
as will acidly recounted in a [later] column , jackson 's `` answer to [ that ] question was , 'explain that . ' ''

You can follow its regular eruptions through his career , from Buchanan 's 1972 memo to Richard Nixon suggesting that he link a primary opponent with `` New York Jewish money , '' to the now infamous 1977 column I excavated some years ago from the archives of the St. Louis Globe-Democrat in which Buchanan offers qualified praise for Hitler , to dozens of subsequent utterances that mitigate fascism and cast aspersions on nonwhites .
you can follow its regular eruptions through his career , from buchanan 's 1972 memo to richard nixon suggesting that he link a primary opponent with `` new york jewish money , '' to the now infamous 1977 column i excavated some years ago from the archives of the st. louis globe-democrat in which buchanan offers qualified praise for hitler , to dozens of [later] utterances that mitigate fascism and cast aspersions on nonwhites .

His sexual life unquestionably extended beyond the missionary position within monogamous marriage , but then , as his -- and much subsequent -- research showed , so does that of most Americans .
his sexual life unquestionably extended beyond the missionary position within monogamous marriage , but then , as his -- and much [later] -- research showed , so does that of most americans .

The infants , they found , listened longer to subsequent tapes that did n't contain these words than to those that did -- suggesting the babies had `` learned '' the words .
the infants , they found , listened longer to [later] tapes that did n't contain these words than to those that did -- suggesting the babies had `` learned '' the words .

In the subsequent interview with her , Simpson said that gorgeous women are constantly throwing themselves at him .
in the [later] interview with her , simpson said that gorgeous women are constantly throwing themselves at him .

USA Today and the Los Angeles Times lead with Janet Reno 's decision to ask that one be appointed to investigate if Interior Secretary Bruce Babbitt 's decision to reject a casino application opposed by major Democratic party contributors had any connection to subsequent donations they made .
usa today and the los angeles times lead with janet reno 's decision to ask that one be appointed to investigate if interior secretary bruce babbitt 's decision to reject a casino application opposed by major democratic party contributors had any connection to [later] donations they made .

The LAT says any subsequent broadening of this mandate would be `` unusual . ''
the lat says any [later] broadening of this mandate would be `` unusual . ''

Picking up where yesterday 's USAT and WP leads left off , the NYT lead explains that when , on Monday , Sen. John McCain officially unveiled the comprehensive tobacco bill he 'd been putting together , it was seen to place no restrictions on private lawsuits against the tobacco companies , although it does contain an annual damage ceiling of $ 6.5 billion ( awards in excess of that amount would be owed in full , but could be carried forward to subsequent years ) .
picking up where yesterday 's usat and wp leads left off , the nyt lead explains that when , on monday , sen. john mccain officially unveiled the comprehensive tobacco bill he 'd been putting together , it was seen to place no restrictions on private lawsuits against the tobacco companies , although it does contain an annual damage ceiling of $ 6.5 billion ( awards in excess of that amount would be owed in full , but could be carried forward to [later] years ) .

Though he may have been overlooked in white newspapers of the time and in subsequent histories of the era , Johnson was certainly notorious .
though he may have been overlooked in white newspapers of the time and in [later] histories of the era , johnson was certainly notorious .

Peter , who was n't invited to either of Harrer 's subsequent weddings , told Vanity Fair , `` We did n't have much of a relationship '' -- though he also claimed he has no hard feelings toward his father , whom he now sees occasionally .
peter , who was n't invited to either of harrer 's [later] weddings , told vanity fair , `` we did n't have much of a relationship '' -- though he also claimed he has no hard feelings toward his father , whom he now sees occasionally .

A subsequent call to his lawyer , Barry Tyerman , went unreturned .
a [later] call to his lawyer , barry tyerman , went unreturned .

Later , after a newer , different disaster had occupied the national attention afresh , they could announce that subsequent investigations had ruled out the theory .
later , after a newer , different disaster had occupied the national attention afresh , they could announce that [later] investigations had ruled out the theory .

I have never heard anyone suggest that the key to understanding American postwar politics lay in the arguments among the competing factions at CCNY in 1937 or their subsequent recreations on Riverside Drive .
i have never heard anyone suggest that the key to understanding american postwar politics lay in the arguments among the competing factions at ccny in 1937 or their [later] recreations on riverside drive .

Unhappily , the subsequent novels have been unwitting examples of the difficulty of writing about restraint as a subject .
unhappily , the [later] novels have been unwitting examples of the difficulty of writing about restraint as a subject .

Maren shows how this previously underreported history set the stage for the 1992 famine and the subsequent ill-fated American military intervention .
maren shows how this previously underreported history set the stage for the 1992 famine and the [later] ill-fated american military intervention .

In subsequent cases , they have argued that anti-pregnancy measures ( such as high postcoital doses of birth-control pills ) blur the distinction between birth control and abortion .
in [later] cases , they have argued that anti-pregnancy measures ( such as high postcoital doses of birth-control pills ) blur the distinction between birth control and abortion .

Subsequent revelations that the trial 's lead researcher owned stock in Quigley raised questions of biased results .
[later] revelations that the trial 's lead researcher owned stock in quigley raised questions of biased results .

According to survey data collected by Nobel laureate Maurice Allais -- and duplicated by several subsequent researchers -- most people answer A to Question 1 and B to Question 2 .
according to survey data collected by nobel laureate maurice allais -- and duplicated by several [later] researchers -- most people answer a to question 1 and b to question 2 .

Gould puts the posited difference this way : Women , in theory , `` should act in such a way as to encourage male investment after impregnation ( protection , feeding , economic wealth , and subsequent child care ) , whereas men would rather wander right off in search of other mates in a never-ending quest for maximal genetic spread . ''
gould puts the posited difference this way : women , in theory , `` should act in such a way as to encourage male investment after impregnation ( protection , feeding , economic wealth , and [later] child care ) , whereas men would rather wander right off in search of other mates in a never-ending quest for maximal genetic spread . ''

Hill was not too horrified to follow Thomas ' rising star from the Department of Education to the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission ( EEOC ) , nor to keep in touch with Thomas in subsequent years -- getting him to write a letter of recommendation that helped her land a law teaching job , phoning him repeatedly , inviting him to make an appearance at the law school , and more .
hill was not too horrified to follow thomas ' rising star from the department of education to the equal employment opportunity commission ( eeoc ) , nor to keep in touch with thomas in [later] years -- getting him to write a letter of recommendation that helped her land a law teaching job , phoning him repeatedly , inviting him to make an appearance at the law school , and more .

The infusion of these extra billions will drive prices up when boomers are all buying , and the subsequent withdrawal will drive prices down when boomers are all selling . )
the infusion of these extra billions will drive prices up when boomers are all buying , and the [later] withdrawal will drive prices down when boomers are all selling . )

In general , the whole school of first-lady journalism bores me to tears , and I think ER 's tenure misled subsequent journalists and popular historians into thinking that the firstladyship , or whatever you call it , would go on being a noteworthy role .
in general , the whole school of first-lady journalism bores me to tears , and i think er 's tenure misled [later] journalists and popular historians into thinking that the firstladyship , or whatever you call it , would go on being a noteworthy role .

For example , a question about `` the longest economic expansion in history '' might affect respondents ' answers to a subsequent question about the president 's job approval .
for example , a question about `` the longest economic expansion in history '' might affect respondents ' answers to a [later] question about the president 's job approval .

By this standard , Einstein 's timing was excellent , earning him credit for subsequent decades of technological progress .
by this standard , einstein 's timing was excellent , earning him credit for [later] decades of technological progress .

Despite all the subsequent suffering of indigenous peoples , who now wishes he had not made them ? ''
despite all the [later] suffering of indigenous peoples , who now wishes he had not made them ? ''

The subsequent `` Leuchter Report '' became the backbone of Zundel 's defense ( he lost anyway ) and of the burgeoning revisionist movement led by David Irving .
the [later] `` leuchter report '' became the backbone of zundel 's defense ( he lost anyway ) and of the burgeoning revisionist movement led by david irving .

Even geostrategically it seemed wrong : Every extra day we spent blood and treasure on a war we no longer believed in made subsequent threats to use military force less credible , not more so .
even geostrategically it seemed wrong : every extra day we spent blood and treasure on a war we no longer believed in made [later] threats to use military force less credible , not more so .

Others have been pretty good -- the tragically misunderstood Beavis and Butt-head , for instance , and its creator 's subsequent King of the Hill .
others have been pretty good -- the tragically misunderstood beavis and butt-head , for instance , and its creator 's [later] king of the hill .

The West neglected to anticipate the refugee crisis , and the subsequent dispersal of homeless Kosovars across the already shaky Balkan region could cause `` a potential collapse of terrifying proportions . ''
the west neglected to anticipate the refugee crisis , and the [later] dispersal of homeless kosovars across the already shaky balkan region could cause `` a potential collapse of terrifying proportions . ''

The new theory , based on subsequent studies : The frogs ' development was screwed up by parasites that infected them .
the new theory , based on [later] studies : the frogs ' development was screwed up by parasites that infected them .

Anakin , he says smugly , has fear in him , and fear leads to anger and anger to the dark side -- which would mean , as I interpret it , that only people without fear ( i.e. , people who do n't exist ) are suitable candidates for Jedi knighthood ( perhaps Yoda will enlarge his definition of fear in subsequent episodes ) .
anakin , he says smugly , has fear in him , and fear leads to anger and anger to the dark side -- which would mean , as i interpret it , that only people without fear ( i.e. , people who do n't exist ) are suitable candidates for jedi knighthood ( perhaps yoda will enlarge his definition of fear in [later] episodes ) .

While Stoppard has slummed a bit for the big screen , he has done some of his most serious and demanding work for the small one : Professional Foul , a 1977 BBC commission , addressed the moral dilemmas faced by a group of English academics at a philosophical conference in Prague ; and Squaring the Circle : Poland 1980-81 , broadcast in 1984 , brought the playful self-consciousness of Travesties to the deadly serious events surrounding the Lenin Shipyard strike and the subsequent government crackdown .
while stoppard has slummed a bit for the big screen , he has done some of his most serious and demanding work for the small one : professional foul , a 1977 bbc commission , addressed the moral dilemmas faced by a group of english academics at a philosophical conference in prague ; and squaring the circle : poland 1980-81 , broadcast in 1984 , brought the playful self-consciousness of travesties to the deadly serious events surrounding the lenin shipyard strike and the [later] government crackdown .

Quayle may be a formidable candidate , but the subsequent article explains that George W. Bush has already been anointed the inevitable one .
quayle may be a formidable candidate , but the [later] article explains that george w. bush has already been anointed the inevitable one .

The movie sets up the basic theme of Hughes ' subsequent -- and I would maintain all successful -- teen movies , which is to overthrow the stereotypes that comprise the basis of adolescent identity .
the movie sets up the basic theme of hughes ' [later] -- and i would maintain all successful -- teen movies , which is to overthrow the stereotypes that comprise the basis of adolescent identity .

The CIA report was revealed in the Washington Post in June 1998 , but even subsequent Gerth pieces make no mention of it .
the cia report was revealed in the washington post in june 1998 , but even [later] gerth pieces make no mention of it .

A subsequent Gerth article ( also not nominated for the Pulitzer ) revealed that Clinton immediately notified Congress of his February decision .
a [later] gerth article ( also not nominated for the pulitzer ) revealed that clinton immediately notified congress of his february decision .

Tradition , for that matter , coexisted with experimentation , so that it is not always immediately obvious which is which -- you might not realize from listening that Blind Lemon Jefferson was an innovator who transformed the blues and influenced every subsequent artist in the genre , or that the shape-note singing of the Sacred Harp choirs represents a late vestige of a style that may have reached its acme of prevalence around the time of the American Revolution .
tradition , for that matter , coexisted with experimentation , so that it is not always immediately obvious which is which -- you might not realize from listening that blind lemon jefferson was an innovator who transformed the blues and influenced every [later] artist in the genre , or that the shape-note singing of the sacred harp choirs represents a late vestige of a style that may have reached its acme of prevalence around the time of the american revolution .

As far as I can see , most of the subsequent `` problems '' were the result of their own recklessness or worse .
as far as i can see , most of the [later] `` problems '' were the result of their own recklessness or worse .

However , subsequent government supervision of these unions has reduced mob involvement .
however , [later] government supervision of these unions has reduced mob involvement .

Did Simova never mention that the family was Jewish , when living with the Korbels or during subsequent sporadic communications ?
did simova never mention that the family was jewish , when living with the korbels or during [later] sporadic communications ?

Although public opposition has been great , no subsequent court ruling has ever invalidated mandatory busing .
although public opposition has been great , no [later] court ruling has ever invalidated mandatory busing .

Moorer 's subsequent denial that he meant to endorse the sarin/defectors charge is not surprising ( though the fact -- which CNN/ Time also failed to mention -- that he is 87 and not in top mental condition is suggestive ) .
moorer 's [later] denial that he meant to endorse the sarin/defectors charge is not surprising ( though the fact -- which cnn/ time also failed to mention -- that he is 87 and not in top mental condition is suggestive ) .

We 're working on persuading them to let us share the subsequent mail messages with you as well .
we 're working on persuading them to let us share the [later] mail messages with you as well .

Subsequent stories in The New Yorker and Vanity Fair slammed Hersh for his gullibility in being seduced by these documents ( which are not mentioned in his book ) .
[later] stories in the new yorker and vanity fair slammed hersh for his gullibility in being seduced by these documents ( which are not mentioned in his book ) .

The subsequent spin : If Netanyahu did n't accept , Clinton would take his case public to put pressure on him .
the [later] spin : if netanyahu did n't accept , clinton would take his case public to put pressure on him .

A subsequent image -- a slow fade on a group of schoolkids , an American flag behind them -- is a powerful one .
a [later] image -- a slow fade on a group of schoolkids , an american flag behind them -- is a powerful one .

They will then score one point for every subsequent issue or broadcast or Internet posting after the first offense is noted by Chatterbox if they continue not to report said inconvenient fact -- and an additional two points on days when the news organization runs a follow-up without making note of said inconvenient fact .
they will then score one point for every [later] issue or broadcast or internet posting after the first offense is noted by chatterbox if they continue not to report said inconvenient fact -- and an additional two points on days when the news organization runs a follow-up without making note of said inconvenient fact .

A chance to remove trade disputes from the cycle of unilateral sanction and subsequent retaliation would be lost as well .
a chance to remove trade disputes from the cycle of unilateral sanction and [later] retaliation would be lost as well .

The NYT and LAT call this provision giving Daschle a `` veto '' power over the subsequent course of the trial .
the nyt and lat call this provision giving daschle a `` veto '' power over the [later] course of the trial .

That assessment will overrate Paul 's post-Beatles output -- in particular , I 'm guessing , the music he makes next , just as Tug of War was overrated in the wake of John 's murder -- and underrate his work in the Beatles , an explosion of pop craftsmanship without precedence , overshadowed by Lennon 's mediagenic personality and subsequent martyrdom .
that assessment will overrate paul 's post-beatles output -- in particular , i 'm guessing , the music he makes next , just as tug of war was overrated in the wake of john 's murder -- and underrate his work in the beatles , an explosion of pop craftsmanship without precedence , overshadowed by lennon 's mediagenic personality and [later] martyrdom .

The NYT says the GOP proposed tax cut before the 2000 election will be quite modest , growing to `` historic '' dimensions only in subsequent years .
the nyt says the gop proposed tax cut before the 2000 election will be quite modest , growing to `` historic '' dimensions only in [later] years .

The New York Times lead reveals China 's plunder of nuclear technology from American government laboratories , and the U.S. 's subsequent mishandling , avoidance , and suppression of follow-up investigations .
the new york times lead reveals china 's plunder of nuclear technology from american government laboratories , and the u.s. 's [later] mishandling , avoidance , and suppression of follow-up investigations .

In subsequent sentences I shall provide numbers but leave the reader to identify the structures , which will appear in varying orders , so as to avoide cluttering the discussion with labyrinthine explanations like this one .
in [later] sentences i shall provide numbers but leave the reader to identify the structures , which will appear in varying orders , so as to avoide cluttering the discussion with labyrinthine explanations like this one .

Through subsequent legislation each government department was equipped with one or several terminology commissions with the responsibility of compiling lists of “ approved terms ” in their respective spheres .
through [later] legislation each government department was equipped with one or several terminology commissions with the responsibility of compiling lists of “ approved terms ” in their respective spheres .

Post-war slum clearance and rehousing broke up the old Jewish communities , and these have been replaced by subsequent waves of immigrants .
post-war slum clearance and rehousing broke up the old jewish communities , and these have been replaced by [later] waves of immigrants .

The blurb went on to explain that at a subsequent time some record company executive decided that “ Muskrat Ramble ” was too inelegant a title and changed its name on future pressing to “ Muskat [ or Muscat ] Ramble. ” My LP , from the 1950s , gives the title as “ Muskrat Ramble . ”
the blurb went on to explain that at a [later] time some record company executive decided that “ muskrat ramble ” was too inelegant a title and changed its name on future pressing to “ muskat [ or muscat ] ramble. ” my lp , from the 1950s , gives the title as “ muskrat ramble . ”

He views either of them as the instrument , the bond , of his not being able to pass on the crown to a successor of his choosing ( or of his subsequent begetting ) .
he views either of them as the instrument , the bond , of his not being able to pass on the crown to a successor of his choosing ( or of his [later] begetting ) .

Still , there are a number of errors which ought to be corrected for any subsequent edition or printing .
still , there are a number of errors which ought to be corrected for any [later] edition or printing .

In such indexes , although small pricks To their subsequent volumes , there is seen The baby figure of the giant mass Of things to come at large .
in such indexes , although small pricks to their [later] volumes , there is seen the baby figure of the giant mass of things to come at large .

Subsequent issues of VERBATIM will consist entirely of blank pages , lest we offend somebody .
[later] issues of verbatim will consist entirely of blank pages , lest we offend somebody .

Whatever the subsequent connection with beat , the insect came first .
whatever the [later] connection with beat , the insect came first .

Together these two publications include complete programs , papers and abstracts , etc. , for a total of 25 consecutive years , plus the subsequent John Jay and Baruch College programs ( 1987-1998 ) .
together these two publications include complete programs , papers and abstracts , etc. , for a total of 25 consecutive years , plus the [later] john jay and baruch college programs ( 1987-1998 ) .

He added that in the light of Dr. Bach 's and my comments “ we will no longer distribute this Guide . ” In a subsequent letter he added that “ we will keep ... your name on file for the year 2000 census .
he added that in the light of dr. bach 's and my comments “ we will no longer distribute this guide . ” in a [later] letter he added that “ we will keep ... your name on file for the year 2000 census .

A key religious figure in American history -- st. dapiacl -- gave us the presidential cabinet posts in order of their creation ( State , Treasury , Defense , Attorney General , Postmaster General , Interior , Agriculture , Commerce , Labor ) , critical to answering “ According to the Presidential Succession Act , who is ninth in line to the presidency ? ” Subsequent deletions and additions ( Postmaster General , out ; Health and Human Services , Housing and Urban Development , Transportation , Energy , Education , in ) would yield stdaiaclhhtee , not really the most pronounceable acronym , at least to speakers of English .
a key religious figure in american history -- st. dapiacl -- gave us the presidential cabinet posts in order of their creation ( state , treasury , defense , attorney general , postmaster general , interior , agriculture , commerce , labor ) , critical to answering “ according to the presidential succession act , who is ninth in line to the presidency ? ” [later] deletions and additions ( postmaster general , out ; health and human services , housing and urban development , transportation , energy , education , in ) would yield stdaiaclhhtee , not really the most pronounceable acronym , at least to speakers of english .

This approach reflects editorial sifting of the evidence from the citations and a subsequent presentation that best befits clarity and sense development .
this approach reflects editorial sifting of the evidence from the citations and a [later] presentation that best befits clarity and sense development .

