# swap if verb, replacement if noun

Yet adequate compensation -- and particularly merely adequate compensation is no substitute for those intangibles which cause a man to sacrifice part of his earning potential by taking up college teaching in the first place .
yet adequate compensation -- and particularly merely adequate compensation is no [use instead of] for those intangibles which cause a man to sacrifice part of his earning potential by taking up college teaching in the first place .

If a substitute mechanism is needed for the control of a fictitious impersonal market , quite obviously some method must be devised for representing the public interest .
if a [use instead of] mechanism is needed for the control of a fictitious impersonal market , quite obviously some method must be devised for representing the public interest .

Wider space between iron bars and agreement by prison boards to substitute rubber in 20 per cent of metal .
wider space between iron bars and agreement by prison boards to [use instead of] rubber in 20 per cent of metal .

Substitute approved objects for forbidden ones and keep telling him how he is to act .
[use instead of] approved objects for forbidden ones and keep telling him how he is to act .

As a substitute for this , organic fertilizer dissolved in water to half the strength in the directions , may be used .
as a [use instead of] for this , organic fertilizer dissolved in water to half the strength in the directions , may be used .

Then they were given 1/2 to 1-1/2 avocados per day as a substitute for part of their dietary fat consumption .
then they were given 1/2 to 1-1/2 avocados per day as a [use instead of] for part of their dietary fat consumption .

One solution is the aquisition of degrees in education but it is a poor substitute .
one solution is the aquisition of degrees in education but it is a poor [use instead of] .

One way to do this is by `` proxy sittings '' , wherein the person seeking a message does not himself meet with the medium but is represented by a substitute , the proxy sitter .
one way to do this is by `` proxy sittings '' , wherein the person seeking a message does not himself meet with the medium but is represented by a [use instead of] , the proxy sitter .

It is not a substitute for sex but a dynamic expression of the creative impulse in unfettered man .
it is not a [use instead of] for sex but a dynamic expression of the creative impulse in unfettered man .

Children , conditioned by this mistaken notion , have feared stepmothers , while adults , by their antagonistic attitudes , have made the role of the substitute parents a difficult one .
children , conditioned by this mistaken notion , have feared stepmothers , while adults , by their antagonistic attitudes , have made the role of the [use instead of] parents a difficult one .

He never saw that it was a complement to his infantry and not a substitute for it .
he never saw that it was a complement to his infantry and not a [use instead of] for it .

Both Baker and Fosdick knew that a substitute was necessary , that a verboten approach was not the real answer .
both baker and fosdick knew that a [use instead of] was necessary , that a verboten approach was not the real answer .

the mere fact that he was selected , though as a substitute , to act as interlocutor or moderator for it , or perhaps we should say with Buck as ' father of the act ' , is in itself a difficult phase of his development to grasp .
the mere fact that he was selected , though as a [use instead of] , to act as interlocutor or moderator for it , or perhaps we should say with buck as ' father of the act ' , is in itself a difficult phase of his development to grasp .

For vector spaces over non-algebraically closed fields , we still need to find some substitute for characteristic values and vectors .
for vector spaces over non-algebraically closed fields , we still need to find some [use instead of] for characteristic values and vectors .

For example , child welfare experience abounds with cases in which the parental request for substitute care is precipitated by a crisis event which is meaningfully linked with a fundamental unresolved problem of family relationships .
for example , child welfare experience abounds with cases in which the parental request for [use instead of] care is precipitated by a crisis event which is meaningfully linked with a fundamental unresolved problem of family relationships .

The personal pronouns and substitute one are normally unstressed because they refer to what is prominent in the immediate context .
the personal pronouns and [use instead of] one are normally unstressed because they refer to what is prominent in the immediate context .

However , as we have seen , in later childhood the child begins to substitute the standards of the peer group for those of parents and teachers .
however , as we have seen , in later childhood the child begins to [use instead of] the standards of the peer group for those of parents and teachers .

The judge became ill just as the Colfax District Court convened , no substitute was brought in , no criminal cases heard , only 5 out of 122 cases docketed were tried , and court adjourned sine die after sitting a few days instead of the usual three weeks .
the judge became ill just as the colfax district court convened , no [use instead of] was brought in , no criminal cases heard , only 5 out of 122 cases docketed were tried , and court adjourned sine die after sitting a few days instead of the usual three weeks .

Parker and Pollock wanted to substitute a work of art for the world .
parker and pollock wanted to [use instead of] a work of art for the world .

When the detective left , Andrus phoned his secretary to cancel his work and to advise the network to get a substitute director for his current project .
when the detective left , andrus phoned his secretary to cancel his work and to advise the network to get a [use instead of] director for his current project .

`` If you substitute ' atom ' for ' angel ' , the problem is not insoluble , given the metallic content of the pin in question '' .
`` if you [use instead of] ' atom ' for ' angel ' , the problem is not insoluble , given the metallic content of the pin in question '' .

It dawns on you that instead of a lump to fill the seat across the bridge table from you , he was a man , and that because Gratt Shafer was making you miserable , you were passing it down to him , to Gratt Shafer's substitute , that other guy .
it dawns on you that instead of a lump to fill the seat across the bridge table from you , he was a man , and that because gratt shafer was making you miserable , you were passing it down to him , to gratt shafer's [use instead of] , that other guy .

All was not lost for Rovers , when substitute Marcus Stewart claimed another .
all was not lost for rovers , when [use instead of] marcus stewart claimed another .

They found that by introducing a normal gene to substitute the defective one , the mice recovered from the illness .
they found that by introducing a normal gene to [use instead of] the defective one , the mice recovered from the illness .

But it was another substitute , Kenny Brown , who dealt the final blow for the hammers , with his very first touch of the match .
but it was another [use instead of] , kenny brown , who dealt the final blow for the hammers , with his very first touch of the match .

We accept that Councillor Kurtz would be honourable in these matters , do we accept Councillor Tiffany as her substitute .
we accept that councillor kurtz would be honourable in these matters , do we accept councillor tiffany as her [use instead of] .

Peter Foley , who had come on as a substitute struck the upright with a powerful drive , for the ball to rebound clear .
peter foley , who had come on as a [use instead of] struck the upright with a powerful drive , for the ball to rebound clear .

But then United suddenly fought back ; in the eighty sixth minutes , a great scramble in the Wolves goalmouth and Mark Stein , the substitute who had replaced Martin Foyle , shot home from close range .
but then united suddenly fought back ; in the eighty sixth minutes , a great scramble in the wolves goalmouth and mark stein , the [use instead of] who had replaced martin foyle , shot home from close range .

Yes , and an astute decision by Milton 's manager , Keith Stocks , saw substitute Brian Marlan brought on in the sixty eighth minute and two minutes later he was all smiles as he headed home Nigel Mott 's cross to break the deadlock .
yes , and an astute decision by milton 's manager , keith stocks , saw [use instead of] brian marlan brought on in the sixty eighth minute and two minutes later he was all smiles as he headed home nigel mott 's cross to break the deadlock .

Within a minute of coming on , substitute Tony O'Donovan put Didcot right back in to the game and then Paul Spittle was so unlucky not to level the scores as his shot hit the post .
within a minute of coming on , [use instead of] tony o'donovan put didcot right back in to the game and then paul spittle was so unlucky not to level the scores as his shot hit the post .

While such accounts may lack the flexibility of traditional savings accounts and are not intended to be a substitute , they do , nevertheless , offer better rates of interest on smaller investments as well as a cheque book facility for transferring funds .
while such accounts may lack the flexibility of traditional savings accounts and are not intended to be a [use instead of] , they do , nevertheless , offer better rates of interest on smaller investments as well as a cheque book facility for transferring funds .

Every now and then it half-wishes it had and deploys psychic explosions as a substitute : vision-thing weeks ( as it were ) during which a rotary storm of collective fulmination conjures up generally-agreed ‘ solutions ’ for the British Fall .
every now and then it half-wishes it had and deploys psychic explosions as a [use instead of] : vision-thing weeks ( as it were ) during which a rotary storm of collective fulmination conjures up generally-agreed ‘ solutions ’ for the british fall .

The cast are not always as economical with their actions as the miser is with his money , mistaking shouting and flinging their arms about as a substitute for comedy .
the cast are not always as economical with their actions as the miser is with his money , mistaking shouting and flinging their arms about as a [use instead of] for comedy .

On the whole the self-help movement is not a substitute for long-term psychotherapy .
on the whole the self-help movement is not a [use instead of] for long-term psychotherapy .

On-farm inspection , as practised under the old calf subsidy scheme and which was suggested as a workable substitute by both farmers and auctioneers , had been dismissed as impractical .
on-farm inspection , as practised under the old calf subsidy scheme and which was suggested as a workable [use instead of] by both farmers and auctioneers , had been dismissed as impractical .

The project will see a second production line installed , at a cost of £20 million , in a 100,000 sq-ft extension at the HIE-owned plant , where Norbord makes oriented structural board , a plywood substitute used in the construction industry .
the project will see a second production line installed , at a cost of £20 million , in a 100,000 sq-ft extension at the hie-owned plant , where norbord makes oriented structural board , a plywood [use instead of] used in the construction industry .

Ironically , substitute Andy Roddie 's introduction for all the wrong reasons briefly turned the game to their advantage .
ironically , [use instead of] andy roddie 's introduction for all the wrong reasons briefly turned the game to their advantage .

Though Connolly also headed straight at the goalkeeper in the 88th minute — that was probably the time McLean slipped off his sandbag — an even better opportunity for United to secure a share of the spoils was squandered by substitute Christian Dailly , who failed to even get his shot on target after getting in behind the Hearts defence .
though connolly also headed straight at the goalkeeper in the 88th minute — that was probably the time mclean slipped off his sandbag — an even better opportunity for united to secure a share of the spoils was squandered by [use instead of] christian dailly , who failed to even get his shot on target after getting in behind the hearts defence .

But United reasserted themselves when Paddy Connolly angled the ball home after a tremendous dash from the midfield in the 59th minute , and substitute John O'Neil completed the scoring ten minutes later .
but united reasserted themselves when paddy connolly angled the ball home after a tremendous dash from the midfield in the 59th minute , and [use instead of] john o'neil completed the scoring ten minutes later .

St Johnstone coach John McClelland came on as substitute in the second half in a vain bid to restore confidence to a rearguard which badly missed the suspended John Inglis .
st johnstone coach john mcclelland came on as [use instead of] in the second half in a vain bid to restore confidence to a rearguard which badly missed the suspended john inglis .

Roddie had the ball in the net on two other occasions only to be ruled out by the referee for infringements , and Iceland duly rubbed salt in the wounds when Feyenoord 's Arnar Gunnlaugsson crossed from the right and Thordur Gudjonsson blasted the equaliser past substitute goalkeeper Jim Will .
roddie had the ball in the net on two other occasions only to be ruled out by the referee for infringements , and iceland duly rubbed salt in the wounds when feyenoord 's arnar gunnlaugsson crossed from the right and thordur gudjonsson blasted the equaliser past [use instead of] goalkeeper jim will .

Another sector of the community , the Temperance Society , saw water as a substitute to wean indulgers off alcohol so they too began building fountains .
another sector of the community , the temperance society , saw water as a [use instead of] to wean indulgers off alcohol so they too began building fountains .

Speculation that the Dolphin Centre could be used as a substitute has been ruled out by Mr Boyle as too expensive .
speculation that the dolphin centre could be used as a [use instead of] has been ruled out by mr boyle as too expensive .

One , it seems , must always be Eton-cropped and even muscular as though there has to be a male substitute .
one , it seems , must always be eton-cropped and even muscular as though there has to be a male [use instead of] .

The loss of McCoist opens up the possibility of Jess playing his first full international from the start , having been used as a substitute against Italy .
the loss of mccoist opens up the possibility of jess playing his first full international from the start , having been used as a [use instead of] against italy .

Tom Boyd , proving that Celtic might be better served by more crosses , placed the ball on the head of the substitute , Andy Payton , who scored with no defender near him .
tom boyd , proving that celtic might be better served by more crosses , placed the ball on the head of the [use instead of] , andy payton , who scored with no defender near him .

The substitute had been on the field for only three minutes when McCoist got his second goal of the evening , made for him by another purposeful run and pass by Jess .
the [use instead of] had been on the field for only three minutes when mccoist got his second goal of the evening , made for him by another purposeful run and pass by jess .

Demmollari took the spot kick , Wright parried and substitute Tlis Shulkai headed over the rebound .
demmollari took the spot kick , wright parried and [use instead of] tlis shulkai headed over the rebound .

Yet Thomas , 17 , who made a scoring debut as a substitute last week , could have to settle for a place on the bench again as Hearts look to John Robert- son and Ian Ferguson to shoulder the responsibility in attack .
yet thomas , 17 , who made a scoring debut as a [use instead of] last week , could have to settle for a place on the bench again as hearts look to john robert- son and ian ferguson to shoulder the responsibility in attack .

The wind , which played its part in unsettling the home defence , helped Ian McCall convert a corner kick into a goal before Motherwell substitute Jamie Dolan secured the points for Tommy McLean 's men to open a three-point gap between the teams .
the wind , which played its part in unsettling the home defence , helped ian mccall convert a corner kick into a goal before motherwell [use instead of] jamie dolan secured the points for tommy mclean 's men to open a three-point gap between the teams .

The repair work was carried out by the substitute , Neil Murray , who had replaced Gough .
the repair work was carried out by the [use instead of] , neil murray , who had replaced gough .

He was a deputy lieutenant of Selkirkshire and an honorary sheriff substitute .
he was a deputy lieutenant of selkirkshire and an honorary sheriff [use instead of] .

Corporate luminaries cackle on about the importance of quality , yet all too often use this management-babble as a substitute for effective leadership .
corporate luminaries cackle on about the importance of quality , yet all too often use this management-babble as a [use instead of] for effective leadership .

The exception looked to have won the points twenty minutes from time , when substitute Franz Carr delivered an early cross from the right and Kelly found the net with a diving header his fourth goal in Keegan 's three games .
the exception looked to have won the points twenty minutes from time , when [use instead of] franz carr delivered an early cross from the right and kelly found the net with a diving header his fourth goal in keegan 's three games .

Darlington manager Ray Hankin put on both substitutes at the start of the second half and the move almost paid dividends after 53 minutes when Toman split the defence perfectly to find John Borthwick in the area , but the substitute 's left-foot shot was well held by the keeper .
darlington manager ray hankin put on both substitutes at the start of the second half and the move almost paid dividends after 53 minutes when toman split the defence perfectly to find john borthwick in the area , but the [use instead of] 's left-foot shot was well held by the keeper .

Hankin put on both substitutes at the start of the second half and the move almost paid dividends after 53 minutes when Toman split the defence perfectly to find John Borthwick in the area , but the substitute 's left-foot shot was well saved .
hankin put on both substitutes at the start of the second half and the move almost paid dividends after 53 minutes when toman split the defence perfectly to find john borthwick in the area , but the [use instead of] 's left-foot shot was well saved .

Again , Sean Gregan and Mark Sunley , helped by Mick Tait , were in command , and the only real fright came from a piledriver by substitute Steve Cooper , which Prudhoe pushed away .
again , sean gregan and mark sunley , helped by mick tait , were in command , and the only real fright came from a piledriver by [use instead of] steve cooper , which prudhoe pushed away .

In Smith 's raw and relentless piece , the Ceausescus are displayed as proof that power is the ultimate sex substitute .
in smith 's raw and relentless piece , the ceausescus are displayed as proof that power is the ultimate sex [use instead of] .

Meola saved superbly from Clough and substitute Ian Wright missed a chance before Ramos ' corner saw Lalas rise to power his header past Woods ' groping hands .
meola saved superbly from clough and [use instead of] ian wright missed a chance before ramos ' corner saw lalas rise to power his header past woods ' groping hands .

No less than 27 have won their first cap under the England manager but only six of the 13 players he used in Norway were his ‘ new boys ’ Carlton Palmer , Les Ferdinand , Lee Sharpe , David Batty , substitute Ian Wright and new captain Paul Ince .
no less than 27 have won their first cap under the england manager but only six of the 13 players he used in norway were his ‘ new boys ’ carlton palmer , les ferdinand , lee sharpe , david batty , [use instead of] ian wright and new captain paul ince .

Moments later the injured Doherty was replaced by Philip Knell , and the substitute almost made an instant , spectacular contribution .
moments later the injured doherty was replaced by philip knell , and the [use instead of] almost made an instant , spectacular contribution .

Hopefully this lack of competitors will only be temporary for there is really no substitute for racing between the hedges .
hopefully this lack of competitors will only be temporary for there is really no [use instead of] for racing between the hedges .

Shearer has been limited to five short appearances as substitute so far this season as he recovers from knee ligament trouble .
shearer has been limited to five short appearances as [use instead of] so far this season as he recovers from knee ligament trouble .

Shearer has been limited to five short appearances as substitute so far this season as he recovers from knee ligament trouble .
shearer has been limited to five short appearances as [use instead of] so far this season as he recovers from knee ligament trouble .

Substitute Andy Payton also weighed in with a brace after the interval .
[use instead of] andy payton also weighed in with a brace after the interval .

Here was a substitute who knew his place .
here was a [use instead of] who knew his place .

He came on as a substitute against Monaghan in the provincial semi-final and played well , but a place in the final starting line-up still eluded him .
he came on as a [use instead of] against monaghan in the provincial semi-final and played well , but a place in the final starting line-up still eluded him .

Substitute Dean Gordon gave Comrades a tonic when he scored within a minute of coming on at the start of the second half , but David Montgomery got Carrick 's third two minutes from the end , with Wesley Hanna sent off for protesting .
[use instead of] dean gordon gave comrades a tonic when he scored within a minute of coming on at the start of the second half , but david montgomery got carrick 's third two minutes from the end , with wesley hanna sent off for protesting .

Ferguson blasted home a 30-yard drive with six minutes remaining , and there were only two minutes on the clock when substitute Trevor McMullan hit the jackpot from 20 yards .
ferguson blasted home a 30-yard drive with six minutes remaining , and there were only two minutes on the clock when [use instead of] trevor mcmullan hit the jackpot from 20 yards .

Celtic substitute Andy Payton also hit the post in the 76th minute .
celtic [use instead of] andy payton also hit the post in the 76th minute .

‘ The court does not substitute its commercial judgment for that of the board , ’ he added .
‘ the court does not [use instead of] its commercial judgment for that of the board , ’ he added .

Then , as the German economy was firmly steered towards a reconstructed capitalism , codetermination was presented as a substitute for socialization — an alternative way of assuring that big business would never again play the political role it had in the thirties .
then , as the german economy was firmly steered towards a reconstructed capitalism , codetermination was presented as a [use instead of] for socialization — an alternative way of assuring that big business would never again play the political role it had in the thirties .

And they won , because employers could not find substitute labour and because , with demand for commodities high , they lost heavily from any interruptions of production .
and they won , because employers could not find [use instead of] labour and because , with demand for commodities high , they lost heavily from any interruptions of production .

It says Ralph and Denise are only too aware there can be no substitute for James but are beginning to hope that better times could just be coming .
it says ralph and denise are only too aware there can be no [use instead of] for james but are beginning to hope that better times could just be coming .

Peterborough substitute Peter Costello had a great chance to be an instant hero .
peterborough [use instead of] peter costello had a great chance to be an instant hero .

The Republic of Ireland striker is in line for a recall after just one appearance as substitute in over seven weeks .
the republic of ireland striker is in line for a recall after just one appearance as [use instead of] in over seven weeks .

Sunley is a substitute for the injured Steve Mardenborough .
sunley is a [use instead of] for the injured steve mardenborough .

Sunderland also have a substitute for Gary Bennett , who has struggled with an injury .
sunderland also have a [use instead of] for gary bennett , who has struggled with an injury .

Mooney sent Darren Foreman away down the right and his cross was perfectly converted by substitute Mark Jules in the centre .
mooney sent darren foreman away down the right and his cross was perfectly converted by [use instead of] mark jules in the centre .

As a result , on-loan Jon Gittens will have to be content with a substitute 's role .
as a result , on-loan jon gittens will have to be content with a [use instead of] 's role .

Boro were also out of luck when Danish international goalkeeper Peter Schmeichel denied substitute Wille Falconer with a brilliant save in the first period of extra time .
boro were also out of luck when danish international goalkeeper peter schmeichel denied [use instead of] wille falconer with a brilliant save in the first period of extra time .

Cambridge substitute Mick Nobury was denied a moment of glory when Pears tipped over his dipping shot .
cambridge [use instead of] mick nobury was denied a moment of glory when pears tipped over his dipping shot .

Middlesbrough substitute Jon Gittens took over from the injured Jamie Pollock with 12 minutes to go .
middlesbrough [use instead of] jon gittens took over from the injured jamie pollock with 12 minutes to go .

He hit a hat-trick at Brighton last year and also scored at the Goldstone Ground , as a second-half substitute , earlier this season .
he hit a hat-trick at brighton last year and also scored at the goldstone ground , as a second-half [use instead of] , earlier this season .

Substitute Andy Payton had a chance after Stuart Ripley went off with a dead leg .
[use instead of] andy payton had a chance after stuart ripley went off with a dead leg .

Leicester pulled off £250,000 debutant Michael Whitlow , the former Leeds defender , and sent on substitute Nicky Platnauer after 77 minutes .
leicester pulled off £250,000 debutant michael whitlow , the former leeds defender , and sent on [use instead of] nicky platnauer after 77 minutes .

Middlesbrough scrambled the ball off the goal-line seven minutes from time and were then unlucky not to be awarded a last-minute penalty when substitute Wayne Allison handled the ball .
middlesbrough scrambled the ball off the goal-line seven minutes from time and were then unlucky not to be awarded a last-minute penalty when [use instead of] wayne allison handled the ball .

Five minutes later skipper Alan Kernaghan was carried off with a knee injury and Middlesbrough delayed the introduction of substitute Jon Gittens for five minutes .
five minutes later skipper alan kernaghan was carried off with a knee injury and middlesbrough delayed the introduction of [use instead of] jon gittens for five minutes .

Middlesbrough kept a tight grip on John Aldridge , but substitute Ian Muir crashed a late equaliser into the roof of the net .
middlesbrough kept a tight grip on john aldridge , but [use instead of] ian muir crashed a late equaliser into the roof of the net .

His best save was from substitute Bernie Slaven .
his best save was from [use instead of] bernie slaven .

Barnsley substitute Deniol Graham had a scoring chance within a minute of his introduction .
barnsley [use instead of] deniol graham had a scoring chance within a minute of his introduction .

The 23-year-old Tynesider , now recovered from a serious pelvic injury , came on as substitute against Ipswich Town on Tuesday night to lay on the second goal for record signing Don Goodman .
the 23-year-old tynesider , now recovered from a serious pelvic injury , came on as [use instead of] against ipswich town on tuesday night to lay on the second goal for record signing don goodman .

Owers , a surprise choice as substitute against Ipswich , has done very little training , and his non-stop style will soon show whether he has fully recovered from his injury .
owers , a surprise choice as [use instead of] against ipswich , has done very little training , and his non-stop style will soon show whether he has fully recovered from his injury .

But the man would could win it for them is Mick Quinn substitute against his old club .
but the man would could win it for them is mick quinn [use instead of] against his old club .

Leading scorer John Byrne received a kick on the ankle against his old club and he may be forced to stand down tonight , providing an opening for former England striker Peter Davenport , who was substitute at Brighton .
leading scorer john byrne received a kick on the ankle against his old club and he may be forced to stand down tonight , providing an opening for former england striker peter davenport , who was [use instead of] at brighton .

His winner against Portsmouth was clinically-executed , an angled shot from twelve yards after substitute Mick Quinn flicked on a long ball from Ray Ranson .
his winner against portsmouth was clinically-executed , an angled shot from twelve yards after [use instead of] mick quinn flicked on a long ball from ray ranson .

Chris Pike the scorer … so much for the breathtaking … here 's the bizarre … Chris Fry goes chasing a long ball … Colchester keeper John Keeley chops him down … a penalty a professional foul … a sending off … player manager Roy McDonough kept his substitute keeper on the bench and went in goal himself …
chris pike the scorer … so much for the breathtaking … here 's the bizarre … chris fry goes chasing a long ball … colchester keeper john keeley chops him down … a penalty a professional foul … a sending off … player manager roy mcdonough kept his [use instead of] keeper on the bench and went in goal himself …

The scorer this time was substitute , John Moncur .
the scorer this time was [use instead of] , john moncur .

That also applies to likely substitute Eddie McGoldrick — and it would mean missing the crunch tie with Spain on October 13 .
that also applies to likely [use instead of] eddie mcgoldrick — and it would mean missing the crunch tie with spain on october 13 .

Instead , councillors unanimously backed a substitute scheme which will use only townland names and the postcode .
instead , councillors unanimously backed a [use instead of] scheme which will use only townland names and the postcode .

Ferguson blasted home a 30-yard drive with six minutes remaining , and there were only two minutes on the clock when substitute Trevor McMullan hit the jackpot from 20 yards .
ferguson blasted home a 30-yard drive with six minutes remaining , and there were only two minutes on the clock when [use instead of] trevor mcmullan hit the jackpot from 20 yards .

Jameson , injured earlier , was replaced by substitute Gary McCartney before the half time whistle blew — his first appearance of the season .
jameson , injured earlier , was replaced by [use instead of] gary mccartney before the half time whistle blew — his first appearance of the season .

It was a substitute act which brought the lolly .
it was a [use instead of] act which brought the lolly .

Paatelainen had only been introduced as a substitute but he certainly made his presence felt in no uncertain manner with his 56th minute strike .
paatelainen had only been introduced as a [use instead of] but he certainly made his presence felt in no uncertain manner with his 56th minute strike .

Black has not played since the 3-1 defeat by Spain in Seville last April and was an unused substitute in the two Baltic end of the season fixtures .
black has not played since the 3-1 defeat by spain in seville last april and was an unused [use instead of] in the two baltic end of the season fixtures .

The Konica League part-timers had only 16 minutes left of their second leg in Cork to negotiate when late goals by Pat Morley and substitute Johnny Glynn earned the Irish champions victory on away goals .
the konica league part-timers had only 16 minutes left of their second leg in cork to negotiate when late goals by pat morley and [use instead of] johnny glynn earned the irish champions victory on away goals .

Early in the second half it was Aberdeen 's turn to score from the spot through substitute Joe Miller after Richard Gough tugged Scott Booth 's jersey .
early in the second half it was aberdeen 's turn to score from the spot through [use instead of] joe miller after richard gough tugged scott booth 's jersey .

It all changed in Arsenal 's favour when Paul Merson came on as substitute after the interval .
it all changed in arsenal 's favour when paul merson came on as [use instead of] after the interval .

But they fell away and Schmeichel turned a fierce shot from Micky Adams against the outside of a post , and substitute Nicky Banger sent a tremendous shot from long range past the post with the goalkeeper beaten .
but they fell away and schmeichel turned a fierce shot from micky adams against the outside of a post , and [use instead of] nicky banger sent a tremendous shot from long range past the post with the goalkeeper beaten .

Sheffield United looked to be heading for their third successive home win when substitute Simon Milton found space on the right .
sheffield united looked to be heading for their third successive home win when [use instead of] simon milton found space on the right .

Two goals in as many minutes — from substitute Roddy Collins and the impressive Michael Cash — sealed Omagh 's fourth successive defeat .
two goals in as many minutes — from [use instead of] roddy collins and the impressive michael cash — sealed omagh 's fourth successive defeat .

Chelsea had the better chances — and it was an eventful day for substitute David Lee .
chelsea had the better chances — and it was an eventful day for [use instead of] david lee .

Celtic substitute Andy Payton also hit the post in the 76th minute .
celtic [use instead of] andy payton also hit the post in the 76th minute .

They found their local bus service a poor substitute .
they found their local bus service a poor [use instead of] .

Carrying over two weeks worth of holiday from one year to another is not an adequate substitute for a ‘ proper holiday ’ .
carrying over two weeks worth of holiday from one year to another is not an adequate [use instead of] for a ‘ proper holiday ’ .

There are a few pairs of words ( minimal pairs ) in which a difference in meaning appears to depend on whether a particular is syllabic or not , for example : But we find no case of syllabic where it would not be possible to substitute either non-syllabic ( type a ) or ( type b ) ; in the examples above , ‘ Hungary ’ could equally well be pronounced and ‘ adulterous ’ as .
there are a few pairs of words ( minimal pairs ) in which a difference in meaning appears to depend on whether a particular is syllabic or not , for example : but we find no case of syllabic where it would not be possible to [use instead of] either non-syllabic ( type a ) or ( type b ) ; in the examples above , ‘ hungary ’ could equally well be pronounced and ‘ adulterous ’ as .

We know how to establish what phonemes are in contrast with in the context — ; we can substitute other phonemes ( e.g .
we know how to establish what phonemes are in contrast with in the context — ; we can [use instead of] other phonemes ( e.g .

One might compare the difficulty with that of trying to write rules for how one might indicate to someone of the opposite sex that one finds them attractive ; while psychologists and biologists might make detailed observations and generalisations about how human beings of a particular culture behave in such a situation , most people would rightly feel that studying these generalisations would be no substitute for practical experience , and that relying on a text-book could lead to hilarious consequences .
one might compare the difficulty with that of trying to write rules for how one might indicate to someone of the opposite sex that one finds them attractive ; while psychologists and biologists might make detailed observations and generalisations about how human beings of a particular culture behave in such a situation , most people would rightly feel that studying these generalisations would be no [use instead of] for practical experience , and that relying on a text-book could lead to hilarious consequences .

And Souness believes that should be a prelude to a return to senior action as a substitute in the televised game against Queen 's Park Rangers at Loftus Road on November 23 .
and souness believes that should be a prelude to a return to senior action as a [use instead of] in the televised game against queen 's park rangers at loftus road on november 23 .

Substitute Warzycha even summoned the courage for a nose to nose confrontation with Pearce a bit like George Formby taking on Mike Tyson , that one before more Everton misses allowed Forest to mount a furious late rally .
[use instead of] warzycha even summoned the courage for a nose to nose confrontation with pearce a bit like george formby taking on mike tyson , that one before more everton misses allowed forest to mount a furious late rally .

Swansea substitute Jenkins replaced Ford three minutes before half-time .
swansea [use instead of] jenkins replaced ford three minutes before half-time .

Samways made a vital interception to snatch the ball off Taylor 's foot and in the 71st minute Thomas hammered the ball inches wide from a Connolly pass cleverly dummied by substitute Steve Watkin .
samways made a vital interception to snatch the ball off taylor 's foot and in the 71st minute thomas hammered the ball inches wide from a connolly pass cleverly dummied by [use instead of] steve watkin .

Newfield took over top spot in the premier division after beating Lobster 1-0 with substitute Dino Farrag scoring with his first touch after 76 minutes .
newfield took over top spot in the premier division after beating lobster 1-0 with [use instead of] dino farrag scoring with his first touch after 76 minutes .

They are showing there is no substitute for experience and the only disappointment for Tranmere at the moment is the crowd , or rather lack of it .
they are showing there is no [use instead of] for experience and the only disappointment for tranmere at the moment is the crowd , or rather lack of it .

Coffee was a nauseous substitute concocted from acorns ; bread had already been rationed by the beginning of 1915 to about 2 Ibs a week , and goodness knows what was added to the flour to make it so grey and gritty !
coffee was a nauseous [use instead of] concocted from acorns ; bread had already been rationed by the beginning of 1915 to about 2 ibs a week , and goodness knows what was added to the flour to make it so grey and gritty !

So when interest rates rise , this induces wealth-holders to substitute financial assets ( such as bonds and deposits ) for real assets at the margin .
so when interest rates rise , this induces wealth-holders to [use instead of] financial assets ( such as bonds and deposits ) for real assets at the margin .

They are deposited on an overhanging leaf , or , in the aquarium , an artificial substitute .
they are deposited on an overhanging leaf , or , in the aquarium , an artificial [use instead of] .

It was conceived as a complete substitute for violence .
it was conceived as a complete [use instead of] for violence .

It is not a substitute for sex , it is a kind of sex , ‘ sex with someone you love ’ , as Woody Allen once said .
it is not a [use instead of] for sex , it is a kind of sex , ‘ sex with someone you love ’ , as woody allen once said .

They are likely to substitute another sound .
they are likely to [use instead of] another sound .

It can be possible to acclimatize a specialised feeder to substitute foods although there is always a danger of a reluctance to feed deteriorating into anorexia and premature demise .
it can be possible to acclimatize a specialised feeder to [use instead of] foods although there is always a danger of a reluctance to feed deteriorating into anorexia and premature demise .

Substitute foods can also cause other difficulties , a good example again being the surgeonfish which are principally herbivores but will greedily accept meaty foods , even though they have real difficulties in digesting heavy proteins and essentially require plenty of plant material to remain healthy .
[use instead of] foods can also cause other difficulties , a good example again being the surgeonfish which are principally herbivores but will greedily accept meaty foods , even though they have real difficulties in digesting heavy proteins and essentially require plenty of plant material to remain healthy .

The radio 's on-off switch disconnects the output of the substitute ‘ battery ’ .
the radio 's on-off switch disconnects the output of the [use instead of] ‘ battery ’ .

The input of the substitute is left energised by the mains even when the radio is switched off .
the input of the [use instead of] is left energised by the mains even when the radio is switched off .

Usual arrangement when a battery substitute is used to power a battery radio .
usual arrangement when a battery [use instead of] is used to power a battery radio .

It 's tempting , when fitting a permanent substitute for the battery , to rewire the existing on-off switch so that it operates on the mains supply to the transformer primary .
it 's tempting , when fitting a permanent [use instead of] for the battery , to rewire the existing on-off switch so that it operates on the mains supply to the transformer primary .

Substitute two tablespoons of walnut or hazelnut oil for half of the olive oil , if you wish .
[use instead of] two tablespoons of walnut or hazelnut oil for half of the olive oil , if you wish .

If you can not find any , substitute ordinary waxy potatoes .
if you can not find any , [use instead of] ordinary waxy potatoes .

Chocolate Madeira cake : substitute 50g/2oz cocoa powder for the plain flour .
chocolate madeira cake : [use instead of] 50g/2oz cocoa powder for the plain flour .

Almond and cherry Madeira cake : substitute 50g/2oz ground almonds for the plain flour , add a few drops of almond essence , then add 50g/2oz halved glacé cherries .
almond and cherry madeira cake : [use instead of] 50g/2oz ground almonds for the plain flour , add a few drops of almond essence , then add 50g/2oz halved glacé cherries .

There are many people , for instance , leading experts among them , who would argue that cyclamates , a useful calorie-free substitute for sugar , were banned on somewhat flimsy evidence involving massive overdosing of animals .
there are many people , for instance , leading experts among them , who would argue that cyclamates , a useful calorie-free [use instead of] for sugar , were banned on somewhat flimsy evidence involving massive overdosing of animals .

Chris stresses that herbs should not be given to the fish as a substitute for food .
chris stresses that herbs should not be given to the fish as a [use instead of] for food .

It is excellent news that there could be this move towards a captive-bred substitute .
it is excellent news that there could be this move towards a captive-bred [use instead of] .

( Note : do n't be tempted to use filter floss as a gravel tidy substitute as it will become fully clogged and impenetrable to water in a very few months . )
( note : do n't be tempted to use filter floss as a gravel tidy [use instead of] as it will become fully clogged and impenetrable to water in a very few months . )

Cantona hardly had a kick when he made his debut at Oldham as a second-half substitute in a 2-0 defeat last February .
cantona hardly had a kick when he made his debut at oldham as a second-half [use instead of] in a 2-0 defeat last february .

His cross , just one minute after coming on as substitute , caught Zubizaretta floundering on the ground — but White 's shot was blocked .
his cross , just one minute after coming on as [use instead of] , caught zubizaretta floundering on the ground — but white 's shot was blocked .

Substitute Warzycha was forced on to the field after only ten minutes after Ward was stretchered off .
[use instead of] warzycha was forced on to the field after only ten minutes after ward was stretchered off .

Angry Jemson suffered the embarrassment of coming on as substitute and then being substituted himself at Carrow Road .
angry jemson suffered the embarrassment of coming on as [use instead of] and then being substituted himself at carrow road .

The Sheffield Wednesday striker was livid at finding himself back on the bench just 28 minutes after being sent on as a second-half substitute at Norwich on Saturday .
the sheffield wednesday striker was livid at finding himself back on the bench just 28 minutes after being sent on as a second-half [use instead of] at norwich on saturday .

Newbridge substitute Stuart Griffiths was also sent off for stamping against Pontypridd , just six minutes after coming on .
newbridge [use instead of] stuart griffiths was also sent off for stamping against pontypridd , just six minutes after coming on .

Watched by England number two Lawrie McMenemy , Stuart did get on as a 64th minute substitute , but added : ‘ It seems everyone else gets straight back into the side after injury except me .
watched by england number two lawrie mcmenemy , stuart did get on as a 64th minute [use instead of] , but added : ‘ it seems everyone else gets straight back into the side after injury except me .

Then the Posh striker laid on a glorious chance six minutes from the end , only for substitute Pat Gavin to mis-time his header completely with the goal at his mercy .
then the posh striker laid on a glorious chance six minutes from the end , only for [use instead of] pat gavin to mis-time his header completely with the goal at his mercy .

After Gary Blissett had pulled one back in the 78th minute , substitute Marcus Gayle missed a great chance four minutes from the final whistle to level it .
after gary blissett had pulled one back in the 78th minute , [use instead of] marcus gayle missed a great chance four minutes from the final whistle to level it .

And another of Wigan 's promising youngsters — second rower Barrie-Jon Mather — scored the final try three minutes from time , courtesy of Phil Clarke and substitute Martin Crompton .
and another of wigan 's promising youngsters — second rower barrie-jon mather — scored the final try three minutes from time , courtesy of phil clarke and [use instead of] martin crompton .

And another of Wigan 's promising youngsters — second rower BarrieJon Mather — scored the final try three minutes from time , courtesy of Phil Clarke and substitute Martin Crompton .
and another of wigan 's promising youngsters — second rower barriejon mather — scored the final try three minutes from time , courtesy of phil clarke and [use instead of] martin crompton .

Substitute ‘ grannies ’ sometimes advertise their services in local newspapers or shop windows , and can be reliable .
[use instead of] ‘ grannies ’ sometimes advertise their services in local newspapers or shop windows , and can be reliable .

The black liquid contains the spores and was once used as a cheap substitute for Indian ink .
the black liquid contains the spores and was once used as a cheap [use instead of] for indian ink .

The program can suggest a list of alternative words and allow the user to choose a substitute , the user can edit the file to correct the word , or the user can confirm that this is in fact a correctly spelled word , and should be added to the program 's dictionary .
the program can suggest a list of alternative words and allow the user to choose a [use instead of] , the user can edit the file to correct the word , or the user can confirm that this is in fact a correctly spelled word , and should be added to the program 's dictionary .

Are the greatest club in the land happy to settle for that kind of substitute ?
are the greatest club in the land happy to settle for that kind of [use instead of] ?

Dave Beasant , Eric Young , Dennis Wise , Andy Thorn , Vinny Jones and substitute Brian Gayle were all sold .
dave beasant , eric young , dennis wise , andy thorn , vinny jones and [use instead of] brian gayle were all sold .

Bart-Williams ' appearance as a 64th minute substitute transformed the game — and it was his corner that led to Wednesday 's equaliser .
bart-williams ' appearance as a 64th minute [use instead of] transformed the game — and it was his corner that led to wednesday 's equaliser .

Goodway , who missed the whole of last season with a broken arm , made his comeback as a substitute in last Sunday 's Charity Shield defeat by St Helens .
goodway , who missed the whole of last season with a broken arm , made his comeback as a [use instead of] in last sunday 's charity shield defeat by st helens .

This alternative low level route is a valid circuit in itself and not just a poor substitute .
this alternative low level route is a valid circuit in itself and not just a poor [use instead of] .

They follow the firm 's failure to win any of the last Type 23 frigates from the Ministry of Defence , or any substitute work despite a worldwide search .
they follow the firm 's failure to win any of the last type 23 frigates from the ministry of defence , or any [use instead of] work despite a worldwide search .

Simply substitute the names ‘ Kingmaker ’ and ‘ Bobby Gillespie ’ .
simply [use instead of] the names ‘ kingmaker ’ and ‘ bobby gillespie ’ .

As a substitute Brian Whitaker , the second most experienced journalist continuously involved with NoS , was drafted to write a journalist 's case for the paper remaining in London .
as a [use instead of] brian whitaker , the second most experienced journalist continuously involved with nos , was drafted to write a journalist 's case for the paper remaining in london .

As a substitute , Walsh frantically instructed everyone to turn out their address books .
as a [use instead of] , walsh frantically instructed everyone to turn out their address books .

He said that considerations of humanity are no substitute for prohibitive rules of international law and , by themselves , do not constitute evidence of rules prohibiting the use of nuclear weapons .
he said that considerations of humanity are no [use instead of] for prohibitive rules of international law and , by themselves , do not constitute evidence of rules prohibiting the use of nuclear weapons .

Answers to such questions are no substitute for faith .
answers to such questions are no [use instead of] for faith .

The Parliament Act 1911 still recites that ‘ it is intended to substitute for the House of Lords as it at present exists a Second Chamber constituted on a popular instead of hereditary basis ’ and explains the Act itself as a temporary measure pending such a substitution .
the parliament act 1911 still recites that ‘ it is intended to [use instead of] for the house of lords as it at present exists a second chamber constituted on a popular instead of hereditary basis ’ and explains the act itself as a temporary measure pending such a substitution .

The social worker will be like a skilled ‘ friend ’ to them , who can help them in many areas of their life , perhaps by suggesting ways of overcoming loneliness by putting them in contact with the type of activity , club , Day Centre or workshop that would interest them , and arranging suitable transport for this ; or , if they are not particularly keen on group social activities , sometimes by finding individual volunteers to visit them and take them out ; although it should be remembered that no social worker or voluntary visitor can ever be a real substitute for care from their own family .
the social worker will be like a skilled ‘ friend ’ to them , who can help them in many areas of their life , perhaps by suggesting ways of overcoming loneliness by putting them in contact with the type of activity , club , day centre or workshop that would interest them , and arranging suitable transport for this ; or , if they are not particularly keen on group social activities , sometimes by finding individual volunteers to visit them and take them out ; although it should be remembered that no social worker or voluntary visitor can ever be a real [use instead of] for care from their own family .

It may be a poor substitute for human companionship , but the fact that it is a living creature who needs her and responds to her affectionate care brings a great deal of pleasure and interest into her life .
it may be a poor [use instead of] for human companionship , but the fact that it is a living creature who needs her and responds to her affectionate care brings a great deal of pleasure and interest into her life .

the view of the traffic planners here is that if the bike is to be seen as a realistic substitute to the car over distances of up to two km , then every point must be made accessible to it .
the view of the traffic planners here is that if the bike is to be seen as a realistic [use instead of] to the car over distances of up to two km , then every point must be made accessible to it .

But with tension mounting , he might have run his partner Pringle out had the substitute Ramprakash gathered the ball cleanly at backward point .
but with tension mounting , he might have run his partner pringle out had the [use instead of] ramprakash gathered the ball cleanly at backward point .

Peter Marsh looks at research links with policy and practice in substitute care and the difficult relationship which can , and often does , exist between researcher and practitioner .
peter marsh looks at research links with policy and practice in [use instead of] care and the difficult relationship which can , and often does , exist between researcher and practitioner .

Substitute care while a child or young person is away from home , must continue to provide for the child 's overall development .
[use instead of] care while a child or young person is away from home , must continue to provide for the child 's overall development .

The chapters on substitute care , health and education relate to all children and young people in care .
the chapters on [use instead of] care , health and education relate to all children and young people in care .

The pattern of the book , therefore , moves from examining the research process , through the areas of family life , child abuse , how decisions to remove children from families are made , substitute parenting after they leave home , their health and education in care , special issues affecting children in ethnic minorities , handicapped children and young offenders , what happens to those leaving care , and the consumers ' perceptions and involvement .
the pattern of the book , therefore , moves from examining the research process , through the areas of family life , child abuse , how decisions to remove children from families are made , [use instead of] parenting after they leave home , their health and education in care , special issues affecting children in ethnic minorities , handicapped children and young offenders , what happens to those leaving care , and the consumers ' perceptions and involvement .

The problems of poverty are further exacerbated by many parents having to work full time and needing substitute or day care , holiday and after-school provision , all of which are in short supply and costly .
the problems of poverty are further exacerbated by many parents having to work full time and needing [use instead of] or day care , holiday and after-school provision , all of which are in short supply and costly .

They are , of course , very adept at absorbing everything in a brief but this is no substitute for a profound knowledge and understanding of the subject .
they are , of course , very adept at absorbing everything in a brief but this is no [use instead of] for a profound knowledge and understanding of the subject .

And to substitute one state controlled , interventionist society for another would do nothing to help solve the problem .
and to [use instead of] one state controlled , interventionist society for another would do nothing to help solve the problem .

The future of Eastern Europe requires that we do not substitute new ‘ unquestionable ’ doctrines for the old .
the future of eastern europe requires that we do not [use instead of] new ‘ unquestionable ’ doctrines for the old .

The game was won by a solitary goal in the 64th minute coolly slotted home by Maidenhead substitute Paul Reeves , who guided his shot past the advancing keeper .
the game was won by a solitary goal in the 64th minute coolly slotted home by maidenhead [use instead of] paul reeves , who guided his shot past the advancing keeper .

But each time they were pegged back by United substitute Ward , who had not scored in 21 previous outings this season .
but each time they were pegged back by united [use instead of] ward , who had not scored in 21 previous outings this season .

Abrams argues that traditional , local social networks of social care — except as a system of care between kin — are irretrievably lost , but that the new form of ‘ neighbourhoodism ’ is a potential or actual substitute , found in ‘ the formal projects and schemes of the new neighbourhoods ’ .
abrams argues that traditional , local social networks of social care — except as a system of care between kin — are irretrievably lost , but that the new form of ‘ neighbourhoodism ’ is a potential or actual [use instead of] , found in ‘ the formal projects and schemes of the new neighbourhoods ’ .

There 's no substitute for quality .
there 's no [use instead of] for quality .

Substitute LoSalt for common salt , at the table and in cooking to reduce your family 's salt intake .
[use instead of] losalt for common salt , at the table and in cooking to reduce your family 's salt intake .

But there 's no substitute for its warm aromatic bouquet .
but there 's no [use instead of] for its warm aromatic bouquet .

There 's no substitute for Kibun Prawn sticks !
there 's no [use instead of] for kibun prawn sticks !

In their teens Angel and Pedro had hung around the polo grounds , waiting for players to fall off , so they could substitute for them .
in their teens angel and pedro had hung around the polo grounds , waiting for players to fall off , so they could [use instead of] for them .

Now Angel would have to substitute for Lorenzo .
now angel would have to [use instead of] for lorenzo .

The trouble is that the evidence is misleading : in the poetry of his maturity the pose of simplicity is assumed , and Wordsworth refers to book-learning as a poor substitute for Nature 's revelations ; Science and Art are ‘ barren leaves ’ —
the trouble is that the evidence is misleading : in the poetry of his maturity the pose of simplicity is assumed , and wordsworth refers to book-learning as a poor [use instead of] for nature 's revelations ; science and art are ‘ barren leaves ’ —

But at Lowwood , on Windermere , half-crown echoes might be had by those base snobs who would put up with a vile Brummagem substitute for ‘ the genuine article ’ .
but at lowwood , on windermere , half-crown echoes might be had by those base snobs who would put up with a vile brummagem [use instead of] for ‘ the genuine article ’ .

To impose a lower bound , we need only substitute , where , throughout the problem and solve in the usual way .
to impose a lower bound , we need only [use instead of] , where , throughout the problem and solve in the usual way .

How will this particular goal help you to become more of who you are ? How will it change and expand your life ? Write down all your reasons for desiring it . Might it have any hurtful or damaging effects ? Would it be a substitute for inner changes you need to make ?
how will this particular goal help you to become more of who you are ? how will it change and expand your life ? write down all your reasons for desiring it . might it have any hurtful or damaging effects ? would it be a [use instead of] for inner changes you need to make ?

The South African was looking for this patterning , to ensure they had not been foisted off with sand-blasted bottle-glass or the other principal substitute , cubic zirconia .
the south african was looking for this patterning , to ensure they had not been foisted off with sand-blasted bottle-glass or the other principal [use instead of] , cubic zirconia .

Today , as the system or planned economy and social security breaks down , once again — the situation is analogous — language acts as a substitute for factors of integration in a disintegrating society .
today , as the system or planned economy and social security breaks down , once again — the situation is analogous — language acts as a [use instead of] for factors of integration in a disintegrating society .

Though a number of economists have made further assumptions about the behaviour of the economy — principally , that firms will substitute labour for capital if there is unemployment ( because in those circumstances real wages will fall ) — which remove some of the apparent instabilities , others have concluded that the instability still occurs because the actual rate of investment may still not necessarily coincide with the warranted rate of growth for full employment .
though a number of economists have made further assumptions about the behaviour of the economy — principally , that firms will [use instead of] labour for capital if there is unemployment ( because in those circumstances real wages will fall ) — which remove some of the apparent instabilities , others have concluded that the instability still occurs because the actual rate of investment may still not necessarily coincide with the warranted rate of growth for full employment .

All institutions shall maintain a second shift of substitute teachers in the schools to enforce educational excellence .
all institutions shall maintain a second shift of [use instead of] teachers in the schools to enforce educational excellence .

It comes in several types , as a paper or fabric substitute .
it comes in several types , as a paper or fabric [use instead of] .

If help is nowhere to be found , and you ca n't outrun whoever is chasing you , then substitute cunning for speed .
if help is nowhere to be found , and you ca n't outrun whoever is chasing you , then [use instead of] cunning for speed .

Keep the whole thing in perspective , avoid paranoia , and never substitute aggression for confidence .
keep the whole thing in perspective , avoid paranoia , and never [use instead of] aggression for confidence .

To understand what is happening it is crucial to see Marxism not in the guise which it claims for itself — namely a scientific method — but as an ideology — a set of beliefs and ideas which help us interpret the world and provide a basis for action — which is a substitute for the religious vacuum left by the decline of Christianity in the West .
to understand what is happening it is crucial to see marxism not in the guise which it claims for itself — namely a scientific method — but as an ideology — a set of beliefs and ideas which help us interpret the world and provide a basis for action — which is a [use instead of] for the religious vacuum left by the decline of christianity in the west .

Substitute vehicles available enabling you to maintain a consistently high standard of delivery service to your customers .
[use instead of] vehicles available enabling you to maintain a consistently high standard of delivery service to your customers .

In any case the latter now had a substitute , very agreeable to Dinah ; the young man Nathan Holland who had come to read at Lamprey 's .
in any case the latter now had a [use instead of] , very agreeable to dinah ; the young man nathan holland who had come to read at lamprey 's .

As for polyunsaturated fats , these are a preferable substitute in our diet , but even they should not be regarded as totally beneficial .
as for polyunsaturated fats , these are a preferable [use instead of] in our diet , but even they should not be regarded as totally beneficial .

If a recipe calls for cream , try substituting low-calorie yoghurt or 1% fromage frais . Sometimes there is no substitute — but then use as little as possible or go without !
if a recipe calls for cream , try substituting low-calorie yoghurt or 1% fromage frais . sometimes there is no [use instead of] — but then use as little as possible or go without !

Just a slice of wholemeal toast lightly spread with honey or marmalade ( if you must have ‘ butter ’ , use a low-fat substitute ) is ideal ; but if you want to vary the way you start your days , the ideas below are inventive alternatives .
just a slice of wholemeal toast lightly spread with honey or marmalade ( if you must have ‘ butter ’ , use a low-fat [use instead of] ) is ideal ; but if you want to vary the way you start your days , the ideas below are inventive alternatives .

And there would certainly be no commercial benefits if Anglo-Welsh were to substitute their own products for those of Palatine .
and there would certainly be no commercial benefits if anglo-welsh were to [use instead of] their own products for those of palatine .

Checking the takings late at night is no substitute for a proper budgetary control system .
checking the takings late at night is no [use instead of] for a proper budgetary control system .

He had heard of girls marrying a father substitute , but he had not met one before .
he had heard of girls marrying a father [use instead of] , but he had not met one before .

They 're hoping to substitute their own designs down the road .
they 're hoping to [use instead of] their own designs down the road .

Sartre , therefore , can not after all be said to substitute a simple voluntarism for an underlying historical structure .
sartre , therefore , can not after all be said to [use instead of] a simple voluntarism for an underlying historical structure .

The voltage on the power panel which the Object Management Group has planned for its Object World expo later this month just went up a few notches : Lotus ' John Landry could n't make it so they got Sun 's Bill Joy as a substitute .
the voltage on the power panel which the object management group has planned for its object world expo later this month just went up a few notches : lotus ' john landry could n't make it so they got sun 's bill joy as a [use instead of] .

Alternatively you can substitute an ordinary Goblin model if you have one .
alternatively you can [use instead of] an ordinary goblin model if you have one .

But such psychological control can work as a substitute for understanding the complexity of behavioural determinants , and for other , social or political , forms of control .
but such psychological control can work as a [use instead of] for understanding the complexity of behavioural determinants , and for other , social or political , forms of control .

Analysis of psychological processes is not a second rate substitute for studying the brain directly but a necessary adjunct to guiding our explorations of that organ .
analysis of psychological processes is not a second rate [use instead of] for studying the brain directly but a necessary adjunct to guiding our explorations of that organ .

These examples suggest that de-centralisation in itself will not substitute for the market 's rewards and penalties , or for genuine consumer sovereignty .
these examples suggest that de-centralisation in itself will not [use instead of] for the market 's rewards and penalties , or for genuine consumer sovereignty .

It has , in contrast , been Western orthodoxy to cling to technological superiority as a substitute for what is often taken to be an unbridgeable quantitative gap .
it has , in contrast , been western orthodoxy to cling to technological superiority as a [use instead of] for what is often taken to be an unbridgeable quantitative gap .

Soviet orthodoxy has always considered technology as multiplier , not as substitute .
soviet orthodoxy has always considered technology as multiplier , not as [use instead of] .

In other cases , again , the existence of norms seems to be a substitute for a pre-cultural disposition .
in other cases , again , the existence of norms seems to be a [use instead of] for a pre-cultural disposition .

The previously-mentioned use of the wood of their stalls as a substitute is adequate grounds for the second complaint .
the previously-mentioned use of the wood of their stalls as a [use instead of] is adequate grounds for the second complaint .

Colours can be used as a complement to fonts or even as a substitute ( e.g .
colours can be used as a complement to fonts or even as a [use instead of] ( e.g .

Substitute honey for sugar in drinks and at meal times , serve fresh fruit rather than a dessert .
[use instead of] honey for sugar in drinks and at meal times , serve fresh fruit rather than a dessert .

If you want to use a different yarn and , especially for readers overseas who may not be able to buy the originals , the yarns shown are actual size so that you can compare your substitute yarn with the original .
if you want to use a different yarn and , especially for readers overseas who may not be able to buy the originals , the yarns shown are actual size so that you can compare your [use instead of] yarn with the original .

To compare yarns , hold the proposed substitute over the original and stretch it out until it is just taut , not pulled tightly .
to compare yarns , hold the proposed [use instead of] over the original and stretch it out until it is just taut , not pulled tightly .

After matching the tension , the garments in the original and substitute yarns would have much the same number of stitches knitted throughout and therefore need much the same yarn length .
after matching the tension , the garments in the original and [use instead of] yarns would have much the same number of stitches knitted throughout and therefore need much the same yarn length .

( To pronounce ‘ that ’ as ‘ dat ’ or substitute ‘ ai nt ’ for ‘ is n't ’ does not change the meaning of your utterance . )
( to pronounce ‘ that ’ as ‘ dat ’ or [use instead of] ‘ ai nt ’ for ‘ is n't ’ does not change the meaning of your utterance . )

If you want to use a different yarn and , especially for readers overseas who may not be able to buy the originals , the yarns are shown actual size so that you can compare your substitute yarn with the original .
if you want to use a different yarn and , especially for readers overseas who may not be able to buy the originals , the yarns are shown actual size so that you can compare your [use instead of] yarn with the original .

To compare yarns , hold the proposed substitute over the original and stretch it out until it is just taut , not pulled tightly .
to compare yarns , hold the proposed [use instead of] over the original and stretch it out until it is just taut , not pulled tightly .

After matching the tension , the garment in the original and substitute yarns would have much the same number of stitches knitted throughout and therefore need much the same yarn length .
after matching the tension , the garment in the original and [use instead of] yarns would have much the same number of stitches knitted throughout and therefore need much the same yarn length .

Nothing is quite an adequate substitute … social service departments should make every effort to support and assist the family which is caring for an older member ’ .
nothing is quite an adequate [use instead of] … social service departments should make every effort to support and assist the family which is caring for an older member ’ .

Recently he had begun to suspect they would like him to leave and , if they could have been sure of finding a substitute fourth , would have asked him to do so .
recently he had begun to suspect they would like him to leave and , if they could have been sure of finding a [use instead of] fourth , would have asked him to do so .

You may have some if you have any dental fillings ; it is also used as a contact in telephone circuits and its malleability makes it a useful substitute for platinum in jewellery .
you may have some if you have any dental fillings ; it is also used as a contact in telephone circuits and its malleability makes it a useful [use instead of] for platinum in jewellery .

‘ We put on a substitute , Tony Dobson , as a second marker and Waddle still produced crosses . ’
‘ we put on a [use instead of] , tony dobson , as a second marker and waddle still produced crosses . ’

Oxford looked dead and buried until Pompey substitute Stuart Doling brought down John Durnin to allow Jim Magilton to cut the deficit to 5–4 from the penalty spot .
oxford looked dead and buried until pompey [use instead of] stuart doling brought down john durnin to allow jim magilton to cut the deficit to 5–4 from the penalty spot .

But with the Germans having a torrid time at the back as Wednesday 's attacking momentum gained pace , backed by fanatical Hillsborough support , substitute Thomas Zeyer pulled the trigger .
but with the germans having a torrid time at the back as wednesday 's attacking momentum gained pace , backed by fanatical hillsborough support , [use instead of] thomas zeyer pulled the trigger .

First , Nelson , a first-half substitute for the injured Kim Grant , gave Charlton the lead in the 46th minute with a close-range header .
first , nelson , a first-half [use instead of] for the injured kim grant , gave charlton the lead in the 46th minute with a close-range header .

Substitute Kevin Brock took over in goal and did enough to protect their 3–2 lead .
[use instead of] kevin brock took over in goal and did enough to protect their 3–2 lead .

Swedish international Anders Limpar made only a brief substitute 's appearance in that victory at Selhurst Park , but his popularity was underlined by the reception he was given by Arsenal fans at Selhurst Park .
swedish international anders limpar made only a brief [use instead of] 's appearance in that victory at selhurst park , but his popularity was underlined by the reception he was given by arsenal fans at selhurst park .

And manager Joe Kinnear last night reported that John Fashanu was in agony after pulling his hamstring again after coming on as a substitute even though he was ‘ only about 10 per cent fit .
and manager joe kinnear last night reported that john fashanu was in agony after pulling his hamstring again after coming on as a [use instead of] even though he was ‘ only about 10 per cent fit .

Paul Rideout 's superb turn and snapshot hitting a post , and substitute Robert Warzycha some how managed to miss from pointblank range .
paul rideout 's superb turn and snapshot hitting a post , and [use instead of] robert warzycha some how managed to miss from pointblank range .

In his only other title defence , against second substitute Bert Cooper a year ago following the unavailability of Tyson , he might have been knocked out but for the protective nature of Mills Lane 's refereeing .
in his only other title defence , against second [use instead of] bert cooper a year ago following the unavailability of tyson , he might have been knocked out but for the protective nature of mills lane 's refereeing .

Stand-off Shaun Edwards , the League 's leading try-scorer , grabbed his 23rd touchdown of the season in the 23rd minute after a strong burst by Betts and a short pass from substitute Sam Panapa .
stand-off shaun edwards , the league 's leading try-scorer , grabbed his 23rd touchdown of the season in the 23rd minute after a strong burst by betts and a short pass from [use instead of] sam panapa .

Grant 's pass went astray but Eastwood , surprisingly axed from Great Britain 's World Cup showdown with Australia last month , kicked ahead to beat Leeds substitute Vince Fawcett to the touchdown .
grant 's pass went astray but eastwood , surprisingly axed from great britain 's world cup showdown with australia last month , kicked ahead to beat leeds [use instead of] vince fawcett to the touchdown .

Torquay pulled back to 4–2 through Adrian Foster and substitute Stuart Herd but tempers began to flare .
torquay pulled back to 4–2 through adrian foster and [use instead of] stuart herd but tempers began to flare .

Ian Durrant , whose midfield creativity will be crucial , appeared briefly as a substitute against Switzerland and Portugal but wins a starting role for the first time since being seriously injured four years ago .
ian durrant , whose midfield creativity will be crucial , appeared briefly as a [use instead of] against switzerland and portugal but wins a starting role for the first time since being seriously injured four years ago .

Reilly opts for the return of England skipper Garry Schofield to stand-off and will give the substitute 's role to a younger player .
reilly opts for the return of england skipper garry schofield to stand-off and will give the [use instead of] 's role to a younger player .

When Cruz , a substitute opponent , beat him in the Nevada desert , the Ulsterman could never have guessed that six years later , from a Belfast court room , he would receive a bigger blow than the Texan ever dealt him .
when cruz , a [use instead of] opponent , beat him in the nevada desert , the ulsterman could never have guessed that six years later , from a belfast court room , he would receive a bigger blow than the texan ever dealt him .

The 22-year-old Norwich forward sank the Yorkshiremen with his 80th-minute goal , after veteran substitute Alan Cork had equalised following an own goal from defender Paul Beesley .
the 22-year-old norwich forward sank the yorkshiremen with his 80th-minute goal , after veteran [use instead of] alan cork had equalised following an own goal from defender paul beesley .

Barnes , on as a first-half substitute , stole the game from Rangers when he released Rosenthal down the left flank in the 87th minute .
barnes , on as a first-half [use instead of] , stole the game from rangers when he released rosenthal down the left flank in the 87th minute .

Stoke were unlucky when substitute Dave Regis , faced with an open goal just seconds after replacing Graham Shaw in the 65th minute , saw his shot pull up in the water-logged goalmouth .
stoke were unlucky when [use instead of] dave regis , faced with an open goal just seconds after replacing graham shaw in the 65th minute , saw his shot pull up in the water-logged goalmouth .

The rain continued to pour down as substitute Mark Carter scrambled Barnet back into the match with a 56th minute goal .
the rain continued to pour down as [use instead of] mark carter scrambled barnet back into the match with a 56th minute goal .

However , even a solitary point looked a far-fetched dream for the Scottish champions until 22-year-old substitute Gary McSwegan grabbed his first goal for the club in the 79th minute .
however , even a solitary point looked a far-fetched dream for the scottish champions until 22-year-old [use instead of] gary mcswegan grabbed his first goal for the club in the 79th minute .

Cantona , the one-time enfante terrible of French football , initially went on loan to Elland Road , where his inventive attacking play — mostly as substitute — gave Leeds a powerful bonus on their run in to the title .
cantona , the one-time enfante terrible of french football , initially went on loan to elland road , where his inventive attacking play — mostly as [use instead of] — gave leeds a powerful bonus on their run in to the title .

Substitute Griffiths , with Saints ahead by just 12–10 , set up the victory with a try in the 50th minute .
[use instead of] griffiths , with saints ahead by just 12–10 , set up the victory with a try in the 50th minute .

But Vialli 's weak effort was saved by substitute goalkeeper Sebastiano Rossi .
but vialli 's weak effort was saved by [use instead of] goalkeeper sebastiano rossi .

You can substitute lime juice for lemon juice in a recipe .
you can [use instead of] lime juice for lemon juice in a recipe .

Or they can modify or substitute new goals which are more readily obtainable .
or they can modify or [use instead of] new goals which are more readily obtainable .

Good interviewers do not use these tests as a substitute for interview , merely as an additional aid .
good interviewers do not use these tests as a [use instead of] for interview , merely as an additional aid .

It must be admitted that Château Meloch was a great deal better some years than others , and although it was often possible to be amused by its presumption , it was equally likely to be pronounced fit only for cooking — and on one occasion its only possible use was as a substitute for vinegar .
it must be admitted that château meloch was a great deal better some years than others , and although it was often possible to be amused by its presumption , it was equally likely to be pronounced fit only for cooking — and on one occasion its only possible use was as a [use instead of] for vinegar .

Most popular frontists remained content with the reassuring doctrine that collective security was a substitute for rearmament .
most popular frontists remained content with the reassuring doctrine that collective security was a [use instead of] for rearmament .

a supersonic splat in a penis substitute
a supersonic splat in a penis [use instead of]

Even Santa Claus — in the shape of former England captain Bobby Moore — can only manage the substitute 's spot on the England soccer team 's bench .
even santa claus — in the shape of former england captain bobby moore — can only manage the [use instead of] 's spot on the england soccer team 's bench .

There was still an amiable air to the action but Cantona showed his commitment when he crashed into substitute Abel and earned a yellow card .
there was still an amiable air to the action but cantona showed his commitment when he crashed into [use instead of] abel and earned a yellow card .

And though Walker was able to call upon the versatility of substitute Rob Newman , City were still reorganising when Ipswich snatched the lead six minutes into the second half .
and though walker was able to call upon the versatility of [use instead of] rob newman , city were still reorganising when ipswich snatched the lead six minutes into the second half .

Trinity hit back with a 34th-minute try from David Jones and substitute Paul Round charged over for another touchdown on the hour .
trinity hit back with a 34th-minute try from david jones and [use instead of] paul round charged over for another touchdown on the hour .

Southall 's departure forced Kendall to take off winger Robert Warzycha and send on gutsy substitute Australian keeper Jason Kearton for a dazzling debut — never mind the scoreline .
southall 's departure forced kendall to take off winger robert warzycha and send on gutsy [use instead of] australian keeper jason kearton for a dazzling debut — never mind the scoreline .

Only when Zimbabwean Peter Ndlovu , Coventry 's exciting striker who had been kept out by their recent resurgence in form , came on as substitute after the break was there occasional menace .
only when zimbabwean peter ndlovu , coventry 's exciting striker who had been kept out by their recent resurgence in form , came on as [use instead of] after the break was there occasional menace .

Only when Graham begrudgingly replaced the ineffective David Hillier with substitute Anders Limpar in the 67th minute was there a hint that Arsenal might create something .
only when graham begrudgingly replaced the ineffective david hillier with [use instead of] anders limpar in the 67th minute was there a hint that arsenal might create something .

Widnes substitute Emosi Koloto scattered a couple of Northern defenders as he went over for a try in the 39th minute .
widnes [use instead of] emosi koloto scattered a couple of northern defenders as he went over for a try in the 39th minute .

Coming on as a second-half substitute after two years out with an elbow injury , Montana led the San Francisco 49ers to three scores in the fourth quarter to clinch a 24-6 victory over the Detroit Lions .
coming on as a second-half [use instead of] after two years out with an elbow injury , montana led the san francisco 49ers to three scores in the fourth quarter to clinch a 24-6 victory over the detroit lions .

Next , he began to wonder why the best he could hope for in a Welsh shirt was the occasional entrance as substitute .
next , he began to wonder why the best he could hope for in a welsh shirt was the occasional entrance as [use instead of] .

In the 73rd minute Philliskirk netted as he got on the end of a cross from Boro substitute Bobby Barnes .
in the 73rd minute philliskirk netted as he got on the end of a cross from boro [use instead of] bobby barnes .

The veteran former Wimbledon striker , 34 in March , and an almost perpetual substitute for Sheffield United this season , knows he is nearing the end of his big-time career .
the veteran former wimbledon striker , 34 in march , and an almost perpetual [use instead of] for sheffield united this season , knows he is nearing the end of his big-time career .

He was badly beaten up by late substitute Carl Thompson , who scaled 13st 3lb — around 17lb more than Benn will weigh tonight — and went on to become British cruiserweight champion .
he was badly beaten up by late [use instead of] carl thompson , who scaled 13st 3lb — around 17lb more than benn will weigh tonight — and went on to become british cruiserweight champion .

He broke through to hit a post and substitute Andy Liddell 's follow-up was cleared off the line by Barry Venison .
he broke through to hit a post and [use instead of] andy liddell 's follow-up was cleared off the line by barry venison .

And Leicester might have snatched all three points at the end as substitute Ian Ormondroyd set up Bobby Davison but the player blasted the ball over the bar .
and leicester might have snatched all three points at the end as [use instead of] ian ormondroyd set up bobby davison but the player blasted the ball over the bar .

But as a fiercely-contested clash ended in a 2-1 defeat , sealed by substitute Mark Walters in a thrilling finale , he found he has been replaced by his successor Graeme Souness as king in the affections of the Anfield faithful .
but as a fiercely-contested clash ended in a 2-1 defeat , sealed by [use instead of] mark walters in a thrilling finale , he found he has been replaced by his successor graeme souness as king in the affections of the anfield faithful .

But substitute Nick Barmby 's late shot against the bar excepted , few could think of any .
but [use instead of] nick barmby 's late shot against the bar excepted , few could think of any .

Little surprise then that when substitute Walters , who ignited a wonderful game with a superb goal , scored the winner six minutes from time , Souness could not contain himself .
little surprise then that when [use instead of] walters , who ignited a wonderful game with a superb goal , scored the winner six minutes from time , souness could not contain himself .

The new strike partnership of Saunders and substitute Dwight Yorke failed to make an immediate impression as Ipswich pressed hard .
the new strike partnership of saunders and [use instead of] dwight yorke failed to make an immediate impression as ipswich pressed hard .

Substitute Neil Coates struck the 89th-minute winner for the Vauxhall Conference side in last night 's thrilling replay .
[use instead of] neil coates struck the 89th-minute winner for the vauxhall conference side in last night 's thrilling replay .

Brentford almost snatched victory when substitute Neil Smillie had two outstanding chances in the last three minutes .
brentford almost snatched victory when [use instead of] neil smillie had two outstanding chances in the last three minutes .

Newcastle 's Robert Lee tangled with Millwall substitute Alex Rae and right-back Ken Cunningham and when the winger went down linesman John Jones immediately signalled a foul .
newcastle 's robert lee tangled with millwall [use instead of] alex rae and right-back ken cunningham and when the winger went down linesman john jones immediately signalled a foul .

Americans regard the contingent fee system as a better substitute for legal aid , and in many cases it is , but it does encourage meritless suits , since — and this is the third problem — even if a frivolous case is dismissed on the first day in court , the defendant is still liable for his costs .
americans regard the contingent fee system as a better [use instead of] for legal aid , and in many cases it is , but it does encourage meritless suits , since — and this is the third problem — even if a frivolous case is dismissed on the first day in court , the defendant is still liable for his costs .

But , as primarily a meat substitute aimed at former carnivores , the portion in the film-wrapped tray can look pathetically small to a population that has been raised on the traditional four to eight ounces of meat each meal .
but , as primarily a meat [use instead of] aimed at former carnivores , the portion in the film-wrapped tray can look pathetically small to a population that has been raised on the traditional four to eight ounces of meat each meal .

But if instead of the terminals you substitute a network of personal computers or other intelligent workstations , you gain several advantages .
but if instead of the terminals you [use instead of] a network of personal computers or other intelligent workstations , you gain several advantages .

No longer a mobile substitute for a desktop , the portable is the travelling desktop
no longer a mobile [use instead of] for a desktop , the portable is the travelling desktop

Polymers are used by scientists as a substitute for human cells .
polymers are used by scientists as a [use instead of] for human cells .

Too many players had taken a rest after the World Cup and there 's no substitute for playing if you want to stay match fit .
too many players had taken a rest after the world cup and there 's no [use instead of] for playing if you want to stay match fit .

He feels the ref should be empowered to demand a substitute for a player guilty of non-malicious , dangerous play .
he feels the ref should be empowered to demand a [use instead of] for a player guilty of non-malicious , dangerous play .

Substitute forms must be approved before the Inland Revenue can accept them .
[use instead of] forms must be approved before the inland revenue can accept them .

She held her arms across her aching breasts so tightly that her fingers dug into her flesh , but whether in an effort to contain herself or as a substitute for someone else 's embrace , she did n't know .
she held her arms across her aching breasts so tightly that her fingers dug into her flesh , but whether in an effort to contain herself or as a [use instead of] for someone else 's embrace , she did n't know .

Later on he would utter cries for help and expect to be nursed back to health by sympathetic doctors , demanding attention as a substitute for love and taking masochistic pleasure in its denial .
later on he would utter cries for help and expect to be nursed back to health by sympathetic doctors , demanding attention as a [use instead of] for love and taking masochistic pleasure in its denial .

Sien , he stressed , was that kind of person : in other words she was a substitute for something else — as prostitutes are — and from an inferior class .
sien , he stressed , was that kind of person : in other words she was a [use instead of] for something else — as prostitutes are — and from an inferior class .

Substitute plain biscuits for filled or chocolate-covered ones ; frozen yoghurt for ice cream ; a banana for chocolate .
[use instead of] plain biscuits for filled or chocolate-covered ones ; frozen yoghurt for ice cream ; a banana for chocolate .

When you 're trying to cut down on caffeine or alcohol , drinking plain mineral water as a substitute can be very boring .
when you 're trying to cut down on caffeine or alcohol , drinking plain mineral water as a [use instead of] can be very boring .

It can be very upsetting to have good shots spoiled in this way ; once the noise is on the tape there 's not much you can do about it except dub it out with a substitute background sound ( see page 80 ) .
it can be very upsetting to have good shots spoiled in this way ; once the noise is on the tape there 's not much you can do about it except dub it out with a [use instead of] background sound ( see page 80 ) .

For instance , if the video is to be shot in a domestic setting such as a lounge where the top lighting is provided by a three- or four-lamp pendant fitting , you may be able to substitute lamps of higher wattage for the ones which are normally fitted .
for instance , if the video is to be shot in a domestic setting such as a lounge where the top lighting is provided by a three- or four-lamp pendant fitting , you may be able to [use instead of] lamps of higher wattage for the ones which are normally fitted .

We gave her two 500 ml infusions of blood substitute at the scene and in the ambulance on the way to hospital .
we gave her two 500 ml infusions of blood [use instead of] at the scene and in the ambulance on the way to hospital .

The politics of condemnation are no substitute for a real process towards peace .
the politics of condemnation are no [use instead of] for a real process towards peace .

The prizes are the products described on this page ; no cash substitute will be offered .
the prizes are the products described on this page ; no cash [use instead of] will be offered .

The fact that Freeman is writing primarily for the social work profession is apparent , for instance , in the extent to which the legal regulation of substitute care is dealt with in depth .
the fact that freeman is writing primarily for the social work profession is apparent , for instance , in the extent to which the legal regulation of [use instead of] care is dealt with in depth .

Many easterners see these ideas as a poor substitute for concessions on trade , but welcome them as a step towards membership .
many easterners see these ideas as a poor [use instead of] for concessions on trade , but welcome them as a step towards membership .

Heroin substitute
heroin [use instead of]

Structural reform by itself , however , is unlikely to deliver the required change of direction and it is certainly not a substitute for the commitment of inside reformers to shape policy and practice .
structural reform by itself , however , is unlikely to deliver the required change of direction and it is certainly not a [use instead of] for the commitment of inside reformers to shape policy and practice .

This is the unique text in which the Council formally used the word ‘ condemn ’ ( it had , perhaps regrettably , been persuaded in the case of anti-Semitism to substitute ‘ deplores ’ for ‘ condemns ’ ) .
this is the unique text in which the council formally used the word ‘ condemn ’ ( it had , perhaps regrettably , been persuaded in the case of anti-semitism to [use instead of] ‘ deplores ’ for ‘ condemns ’ ) .

If paper does not rot , why bother to substitute it for plastic ?
if paper does not rot , why bother to [use instead of] it for plastic ?

James Graham 's solution was to suggest that the Duke of Montrose dismiss William Weir , but that was easier said than done , for Weir had been appointed in order to oblige one of Montrose 's friends , and James Graham had not made a solution any easier to obtain by promising his substitute that Woodrop should have the appointment of procurator-fiscal to give as he chose .
james graham 's solution was to suggest that the duke of montrose dismiss william weir , but that was easier said than done , for weir had been appointed in order to oblige one of montrose 's friends , and james graham had not made a solution any easier to obtain by promising his [use instead of] that woodrop should have the appointment of procurator-fiscal to give as he chose .

However , imperfectly practised , this approach at least recognises that health care intervention must supplement that of the parents rather than substitute for it .
however , imperfectly practised , this approach at least recognises that health care intervention must supplement that of the parents rather than [use instead of] for it .

It is this emphasis on supplementary rather than substitute care ( Davis , 1981 ) , growing out of a recognition of the fundamentally shared nature of parenting , which should be the driving force behind a new direction for child care policy .
it is this emphasis on supplementary rather than [use instead of] care ( davis , 1981 ) , growing out of a recognition of the fundamentally shared nature of parenting , which should be the driving force behind a new direction for child care policy .

To some extent these differing viewpoints may be regarded as ideological positions advanced in the defence of the interests of particular groups , notably the natural parents and the ‘ substitute carers ’ ( foster- and adoptive parents ) .
to some extent these differing viewpoints may be regarded as ideological positions advanced in the defence of the interests of particular groups , notably the natural parents and the ‘ [use instead of] carers ’ ( foster- and adoptive parents ) .

He argues that a good deal of the apparent need for substitute child care is produced by social deprivation and its attendant pressures , rather than by parental inadequacy or culpability per se .
he argues that a good deal of the apparent need for [use instead of] child care is produced by social deprivation and its attendant pressures , rather than by parental inadequacy or culpability per se .

The response of the social services to poor standards of parenting should be the provision of more supportive services to enable natural families to cope better , rather than facilitating the removal of children to substitute care and the ultimate separation of adoption .
the response of the social services to poor standards of parenting should be the provision of more supportive services to enable natural families to cope better , rather than facilitating the removal of children to [use instead of] care and the ultimate separation of adoption .

In the light of these cuts , much might be achieved by stimulating localities to care for their own children — that is , by the greater use of informal sources of substitute child care .
in the light of these cuts , much might be achieved by stimulating localities to care for their own children — that is , by the greater use of informal sources of [use instead of] child care .

Tunstill is critical of these guides for leaning heavily to the side of the substitute carers and for stressing the advantages of removal from inadequate natural parents and placement with long-term substitute families if the child is in care from an early age and if the relationship with the natural parent is not consistent and affectionate .
tunstill is critical of these guides for leaning heavily to the side of the [use instead of] carers and for stressing the advantages of removal from inadequate natural parents and placement with long-term [use instead of] families if the child is in care from an early age and if the relationship with the natural parent is not consistent and affectionate .

Because of the emphasis on good care rather than biological bonds , this school of thought tends to hold a fairly favourable view of good substitute carers and to wish to strengthen their position vis-à-vis the natural parents .
because of the emphasis on good care rather than biological bonds , this school of thought tends to hold a fairly favourable view of good [use instead of] carers and to wish to strengthen their position vis-à-vis the natural parents .

This was an influential study which broadly supported the view that permanent substitute parents should be found for children in long-term care .
this was an influential study which broadly supported the view that permanent [use instead of] parents should be found for children in long-term care .

The study investigated children in care whose social workers wanted to find homes with substitute families for them , taking as two basic assumptions that every child has a right to a family of his [ or her ] own , and that adoption and fostering are not completely separate categories but have a considerable area of overlap .
the study investigated children in care whose social workers wanted to find homes with [use instead of] families for them , taking as two basic assumptions that every child has a right to a family of his [ or her ] own , and that adoption and fostering are not completely separate categories but have a considerable area of overlap .

It was found that 22 per cent of the whole group of children were thought to need a substitute family ; and permanent substitute families were being sought for nearly three-quarters of these .
it was found that 22 per cent of the whole group of children were thought to need a [use instead of] family ; and permanent [use instead of] families were being sought for nearly three-quarters of these .

They emphasise that most of the children judged by their social workers to need placement needed permanent rather than temporary substitute families .
they emphasise that most of the children judged by their social workers to need placement needed permanent rather than temporary [use instead of] families .

In Rowe and Lambert 's view , then , a child should either be speedily returned to his [ or her ] own family or , if this is not possible [ … ] securely established in a permanent substitute family .
in rowe and lambert 's view , then , a child should either be speedily returned to his [ or her ] own family or , if this is not possible [ … ] securely established in a permanent [use instead of] family .

Thirdly , it seems that both groups of critics would want to see greater support given to natural families , in general , to help them to care for their children more effectively and to prevent the need for substitute care arising .
thirdly , it seems that both groups of critics would want to see greater support given to natural families , in general , to help them to care for their children more effectively and to prevent the need for [use instead of] care arising .

Different views on the existing balance of power between natural parents , statutory agencies and substitute parents .
different views on the existing balance of power between natural parents , statutory agencies and [use instead of] parents .

It would therefore like to see a shift in priorities to prevention rather than substitute care .
it would therefore like to see a shift in priorities to prevention rather than [use instead of] care .

By contrast , those who support the ‘ society-as-parent ’ position see adoption and fostering not necessarily as mutually exclusive , but as both being forms of substitute care whose boundaries may be blurred .
by contrast , those who support the ‘ society-as-parent ’ position see adoption and fostering not necessarily as mutually exclusive , but as both being forms of [use instead of] care whose boundaries may be blurred .

Indeed , substitute child care might be worse than the situation from which the child has been removed .
indeed , [use instead of] child care might be worse than the situation from which the child has been removed .

7 The balance of power between natural parents , statutory agencies and substitute parents
7 the balance of power between natural parents , statutory agencies and [use instead of] parents

This school would like to see the balance of power shifted further towards statutory decision makers and those who provide substitute care .
this school would like to see the balance of power shifted further towards statutory decision makers and those who provide [use instead of] care .

There is no doubt in my mind that issues surrounding permanent family placement with a child 's own family are very similar to those which surround permanent family placement in substitute families .
there is no doubt in my mind that issues surrounding permanent family placement with a child 's own family are very similar to those which surround permanent family placement in [use instead of] families .

We therefore moved over to the second limb of the permanency strategy , the strategy of placement in substitute new families preferably for adoption .
we therefore moved over to the second limb of the permanency strategy , the strategy of placement in [use instead of] new families preferably for adoption .

The Americans do not seem to have had problems in setting up units which seek to provide permanence by offering specialist and intensive social work services both to natural families and to children joining substitute new families .
the americans do not seem to have had problems in setting up units which seek to provide permanence by offering specialist and intensive social work services both to natural families and to children joining [use instead of] new families .

Similarly , some children and some substitute parents need the certainty of the legal tie of adoption .
similarly , some children and some [use instead of] parents need the certainty of the legal tie of adoption .

Certainly white children in substitute white families , or their biological families , do not deny that they are white , nor want to be black .
certainly white children in [use instead of] white families , or their biological families , do not deny that they are white , nor want to be black .

If we believe that the child should be placed transracially as an alternative to institutional care , then social workers must resist the massive denial or evasion of the negative consequences of some transracial placements for black children when the substitute parents have not been prepared or perhaps are very unsuitable to care for a black child .
if we believe that the child should be placed transracially as an alternative to institutional care , then social workers must resist the massive denial or evasion of the negative consequences of some transracial placements for black children when the [use instead of] parents have not been prepared or perhaps are very unsuitable to care for a black child .

Given our understanding of the dynamics of transracial placements what should be the essential ingredients of any substitute home for black children ? In addition to the ingredients necessary to enhance the normal development of any child , such placements should be capable of :
given our understanding of the dynamics of transracial placements what should be the essential ingredients of any [use instead of] home for black children ? in addition to the ingredients necessary to enhance the normal development of any child , such placements should be capable of :

Whilst Rowe and Lambert took exception to the then prevailing view that children should , and more important could , be returned to their own families , they were strongly committed to family care as the main form of substitute care for those children who could not return home .
whilst rowe and lambert took exception to the then prevailing view that children should , and more important could , be returned to their own families , they were strongly committed to family care as the main form of [use instead of] care for those children who could not return home .

Apart from considerations of cost , the changing forms of family life also supported a move to substitute family care rather than institutional care .
apart from considerations of cost , the changing forms of family life also supported a move to [use instead of] family care rather than institutional care .

With the monopolistic nature of the industry ( all works are unique ; the Beatles are no substitute for Bach , or the Beastie Boys ) , market segmentation is what shields record companies from price competition , even if they do not form a cartel .
with the monopolistic nature of the industry ( all works are unique ; the beatles are no [use instead of] for bach , or the beastie boys ) , market segmentation is what shields record companies from price competition , even if they do not form a cartel .

Short-sighted because no amount of patchwork planning can be a substitute for a blueprint for services that has commitment , consultation and collaboration ingrained , like a name through candy rock .
short-sighted because no amount of patchwork planning can be a [use instead of] for a blueprint for services that has commitment , consultation and collaboration ingrained , like a name through candy rock .

Unable to reconcile their view of education with the form of schooling they are now required to deliver , they have regretfully had to turn off the tap , and substitute instead a tape-loop of the sound of running water .
unable to reconcile their view of education with the form of schooling they are now required to deliver , they have regretfully had to turn off the tap , and [use instead of] instead a tape-loop of the sound of running water .

The linguistic expression ‘ stands for ’ , ‘ is a substitute for ’ , the natural expression .
the linguistic expression ‘ stands for ’ , ‘ is a [use instead of] for ’ , the natural expression .

He gave important , but merely verbal assurances that the proceeds from it for the arts , heritage , sport and charities would not substitute other government funds for these areas and that he expected the cash to begin flowing at the end of 1994 .
he gave important , but merely verbal assurances that the proceeds from it for the arts , heritage , sport and charities would not [use instead of] other government funds for these areas and that he expected the cash to begin flowing at the end of 1994 .

Consisting of small squares of canvas stretched over a bamboo frame set in cement , the Pierre Druesnes composition being shown by Franka Berndt resembles a pyramid , pointing the way heavenward , a substitute for human presence , or emphasis of its absence .
consisting of small squares of canvas stretched over a bamboo frame set in cement , the pierre druesnes composition being shown by franka berndt resembles a pyramid , pointing the way heavenward , a [use instead of] for human presence , or emphasis of its absence .

Unfortunately they feed exclusively upon live echinoderms attacking starfishes and sea urchins and can not be acclimatised to substitute foods .
unfortunately they feed exclusively upon live echinoderms attacking starfishes and sea urchins and can not be acclimatised to [use instead of] foods .

These substitute for open void media , and never block : besides , the water butt 's drain cock comes in handy for back-flushing .
these [use instead of] for open void media , and never block : besides , the water butt 's drain cock comes in handy for back-flushing .

The one aspect of minority groups ' change which is at present unavailable to deaf people is the adoption of spoken language : that is , unlike other groups , they do not acquire a substitute mother tongue for their own language .
the one aspect of minority groups ' change which is at present unavailable to deaf people is the adoption of spoken language : that is , unlike other groups , they do not acquire a [use instead of] mother tongue for their own language .

‘ Educational half-truths ’ presented as ‘ panaceas ’ were , he argued , no substitute for ‘ properly thought out educational theory ’ .
‘ educational half-truths ’ presented as ‘ panaceas ’ were , he argued , no [use instead of] for ‘ properly thought out educational theory ’ .

the word processor as a substitute for the typewriter .
the word processor as a [use instead of] for the typewriter .

However , communication links between the trainee and the trainer via a computer are not a substitute for the two-way conversation and observation which normally takes place in a class-room .
however , communication links between the trainee and the trainer via a computer are not a [use instead of] for the two-way conversation and observation which normally takes place in a class-room .

Note that some of the Battle Magic spells come from the Restless Dead book and , if you do n't have this , then you should substitute spells of your choice .
note that some of the battle magic spells come from the restless dead book and , if you do n't have this , then you should [use instead of] spells of your choice .

Here the interests of the workers cross occupational lines … [ and ] if their product must enter into competition with a substitute product made under cheaper working conditions , they will find it difficult to maintain or improve their own circumstances .
here the interests of the workers cross occupational lines … [ and ] if their product must enter into competition with a [use instead of] product made under cheaper working conditions , they will find it difficult to maintain or improve their own circumstances .

Fighting for justice should indeed be part of the Great Battle — God forbid that our fight has no social and political cutting edge — but it must never become a secular substitute for it .
fighting for justice should indeed be part of the great battle — god forbid that our fight has no social and political cutting edge — but it must never become a secular [use instead of] for it .

In his schema great emphasis was laid on Christ 's expiatory death : Jesus the perfect man is accepted as a substitute for sinful mankind .
in his schema great emphasis was laid on christ 's expiatory death : jesus the perfect man is accepted as a [use instead of] for sinful mankind .

It is intended that these principles are not seen purely as constrictive rules , but as a guide to promote the positive development of Scottish rock climbing to ensure that sports climbing , rather than becoming a substitute for the traditional climbing , grows alongside it .
it is intended that these principles are not seen purely as constrictive rules , but as a guide to promote the positive development of scottish rock climbing to ensure that sports climbing , rather than becoming a [use instead of] for the traditional climbing , grows alongside it .

Flammes de Pierre is a triumph for a traditional approach , proof that there 's no substitute for tight writing , hard work , and a damn good tale to tell .
flammes de pierre is a triumph for a traditional approach , proof that there 's no [use instead of] for tight writing , hard work , and a damn good tale to tell .

But all the speed of foot is no substitute for an anti-tank gun to beat off armoured attack , ‘ nor does a Green Beret make you bullet-proof ’ ( again to quote General Moulton ) .
but all the speed of foot is no [use instead of] for an anti-tank gun to beat off armoured attack , ‘ nor does a green beret make you bullet-proof ’ ( again to quote general moulton ) .

His substitute and colleague , ensured that the dance floor was filled all night with dancers young and not so young enjoying a varied programme , leaving the floor reluctantly at 12.30am .
his [use instead of] and colleague , ensured that the dance floor was filled all night with dancers young and not so young enjoying a varied programme , leaving the floor reluctantly at 12.30am .

The surprises of God are not intended as a substitute for strategy .
the surprises of god are not intended as a [use instead of] for strategy .

3.3 reserves the right to introduce any substitute software which performs the same function .
3.3 reserves the right to introduce any [use instead of] software which performs the same function .

In this eventuality this Agreement will apply in its entirety to the substitute software .
in this eventuality this agreement will apply in its entirety to the [use instead of] software .

In January 1920 a conference with milk retailers agreed on a voucher scheme through which 76,764 gallons were supplied until it was decided in August , because of the continued difficulty of guaranteeing uncontaminated milk , to substitute dried milk powder .
in january 1920 a conference with milk retailers agreed on a voucher scheme through which 76,764 gallons were supplied until it was decided in august , because of the continued difficulty of guaranteeing uncontaminated milk , to [use instead of] dried milk powder .

Substitute collectors for compilers and you have a fair estimate of the situation .
[use instead of] collectors for compilers and you have a fair estimate of the situation .

No substitute , however exquisitely formed , will fill the void left by the original .
no [use instead of] , however exquisitely formed , will fill the void left by the original .

Another acceptable substitute is the wild cucumber , the full-scale slaughter of an ox being reserved for occasions of serious distress when , as in some intractable illness , god 's help is urgently sought .
another acceptable [use instead of] is the wild cucumber , the full-scale slaughter of an ox being reserved for occasions of serious distress when , as in some intractable illness , god 's help is urgently sought .

All that is missing is reasoning of an inductive or abductive sort ( in the parts of ethical thought which can not be hived off as ‘ factual ’ ) and even for this there is a kind of substitute .
all that is missing is reasoning of an inductive or abductive sort ( in the parts of ethical thought which can not be hived off as ‘ factual ’ ) and even for this there is a kind of [use instead of] .

You may want to stop using , or go on to substitute drugs .
you may want to stop using , or go on to [use instead of] drugs .

Some breeders recommend sprinkling faeces with an unpleasant substance such as curry powder , to act as a deterrent against coprophagia , but there is no substitute for keeping the dogs in clean surroundings .
some breeders recommend sprinkling faeces with an unpleasant substance such as curry powder , to act as a deterrent against coprophagia , but there is no [use instead of] for keeping the dogs in clean surroundings .

The routine never varied … road blocks if the kidnapping was reported immediately , helicopters , dogs , inform the Substitute Prosecutor , set up the search for the base-man , the wait for the first communication .
the routine never varied … road blocks if the kidnapping was reported immediately , helicopters , dogs , inform the [use instead of] prosecutor , set up the search for the base-man , the wait for the first communication .

No Substitute Prosecutor would appreciate being called at this hour .
no [use instead of] prosecutor would appreciate being called at this hour .

The only thing bothering the Captain at this stage was the sort of Substitute Prosecutor he would get .
the only thing bothering the captain at this stage was the sort of [use instead of] prosecutor he would get .

An experienced Substitute Prosecutor who would stand by him if things got tricky … and he had n't always been lucky .
an experienced [use instead of] prosecutor who would stand by him if things got tricky … and he had n't always been lucky .

The Substitute was a new man , Milanese , judging by the rapidity of his speech and the way he mumbled his S's , and far from being annoyed , he seemed to be amused .
the [use instead of] was a new man , milanese , judging by the rapidity of his speech and the way he mumbled his s's , and far from being annoyed , he seemed to be amused .

Asking himself whether there was any point in going to bed … ? What sort of man … this letter business did n't ring true at all … that they had taken the two girls and released one could simply mean a problem of identification , although even that was unlikely , but to send a first message before the parents had time to become frantic , possibly before they even knew … the whole thing could be a hoax , and yet the girl 's condition … a hoax gone wrong ! Impossible to judge anyway without reading the thing when they got out there … whether it was worthwhile going to bed at five-forty-five in the morning ? What sort of Substitute Prosecutor was this going to be ?
asking himself whether there was any point in going to bed … ? what sort of man … this letter business did n't ring true at all … that they had taken the two girls and released one could simply mean a problem of identification , although even that was unlikely , but to send a first message before the parents had time to become frantic , possibly before they even knew … the whole thing could be a hoax , and yet the girl 's condition … a hoax gone wrong ! impossible to judge anyway without reading the thing when they got out there … whether it was worthwhile going to bed at five-forty-five in the morning ? what sort of [use instead of] prosecutor was this going to be ?

It was still dark and the weather was wet and foggy , but the blue fog inside the car was worse as the Substitute lit his third pungent little Tuscan cigar .
it was still dark and the weather was wet and foggy , but the blue fog inside the car was worse as the [use instead of] lit his third pungent little tuscan cigar .

But the Substitute caught his movement and , with a quick sidelong smile and a rueful glance at the offending object , he leaned back in his seat and said solemnly : ‘ It 's my only vice .
but the [use instead of] caught his movement and , with a quick sidelong smile and a rueful glance at the offending object , he leaned back in his seat and said solemnly : ‘ it 's my only vice .

’ The Brigadier saluted the Substitute and Captain and the young lieutenant , and stepped back to let them in .
’ the brigadier saluted the [use instead of] and captain and the young lieutenant , and stepped back to let them in .

The Substitute had refused the chair offered to him , choosing instead to wander about the room , taking brief puffs on his cigar and regarding everything and everyone with an amused detachment that gave the impression of his being mildly surprised but pleased at having to perform the office of Public Prosecutor .
the [use instead of] had refused the chair offered to him , choosing instead to wander about the room , taking brief puffs on his cigar and regarding everything and everyone with an amused detachment that gave the impression of his being mildly surprised but pleased at having to perform the office of public prosecutor .

The Substitute had turned from the window and was watching the Captain curiously .
the [use instead of] had turned from the window and was watching the captain curiously .

The Substitute suddenly pulled up a chair , lit a large pipe , and began watching with interest as the other two examined the girl 's effects .
the [use instead of] suddenly pulled up a chair , lit a large pipe , and began watching with interest as the other two examined the girl 's effects .

They drove back down to Florence , the Captain silent and thoughtful , the Substitute smoking , making the occasional rapid remark , watching the passing of the wet , ploughed soil between rows of vines and the tops of umbrella pines appearing out of the misty valley far below , smoking …
they drove back down to florence , the captain silent and thoughtful , the [use instead of] smoking , making the occasional rapid remark , watching the passing of the wet , ploughed soil between rows of vines and the tops of umbrella pines appearing out of the misty valley far below , smoking …

The Substitute jumped out , saying he had to be in court in ten minutes , hurried round to shake the Captain 's hand through the car window , and said eagerly : ‘ Have lunch with me .
the [use instead of] jumped out , saying he had to be in court in ten minutes , hurried round to shake the captain 's hand through the car window , and said eagerly : ‘ have lunch with me .

It was only on glancing again at his watch at three minutes to one and wondering what time the Substitute would turn up that he realized that the Substitute was the reason why .
it was only on glancing again at his watch at three minutes to one and wondering what time the [use instead of] would turn up that he realized that the [use instead of] was the reason why .

What was more , the Substitute gave the impression that he could cope with any third party interference , at any level , with nothing more than the pursed lips and flicker of amusement with which he seemed to regard everything that went on around him .
what was more , the [use instead of] gave the impression that he could cope with any third party interference , at any level , with nothing more than the pursed lips and flicker of amusement with which he seemed to regard everything that went on around him .

Substitute Prosecutor asking for you .
[use instead of] prosecutor asking for you .

‘ You like them ? ’ There was no hint of irony in the Substitute 's voice .
‘ you like them ? ’ there was no hint of irony in the [use instead of] 's voice .

They ate pasta , the Substitute continuing to ask rapid questions while winding rapid forkfuls , his eyes always fixed on the Captain 's .
they ate pasta , the [use instead of] continuing to ask rapid questions while winding rapid forkfuls , his eyes always fixed on the captain 's .

The Substitute looked at him closely .
the [use instead of] looked at him closely .

The Substitute made up his mind that nobody would be allowed to interfere .
the [use instead of] made up his mind that nobody would be allowed to interfere .

When Captain Maestrangelo got back to his office he realized he had eaten far too much too quickly in an effort to keep up with the Substitute .
when captain maestrangelo got back to his office he realized he had eaten far too much too quickly in an effort to keep up with the [use instead of] .

The Substitute dodged from stone to stone-until he gained the hardened ground in front of the farmhouse where stone steps led sideways up to the front door .
the [use instead of] dodged from stone to stone-until he gained the hardened ground in front of the farmhouse where stone steps led sideways up to the front door .

The Substitute knocked again smartly , but the Brigadier appeared in the doorway of the stable and called up : ‘ There 'll be nobody in the house at this hour !
the [use instead of] knocked again smartly , but the brigadier appeared in the doorway of the stable and called up : ‘ there 'll be nobody in the house at this hour !

’ The Substitute accepted this jumble of incomprehensible information equitably .
’ the [use instead of] accepted this jumble of incomprehensible information equitably .

When they got back to the farmyard the Substitute had vanished .
when they got back to the farmyard the [use instead of] had vanished .

The Substitute said goodbye to her and ran lightly to the jeep carrying a polythene bag .
the [use instead of] said goodbye to her and ran lightly to the jeep carrying a polythene bag .

The jeep was bouncing them about mercilessly as the Brigadier tried to get back to the village in time for the Captain and the Substitute to go back to Florence and eat .
the jeep was bouncing them about mercilessly as the brigadier tried to get back to the village in time for the captain and the [use instead of] to go back to florence and eat .

‘ But if they 're given money for the food … ’ the Substitute was trying vainly to put a bouncing lighter to his cigar .
‘ but if they 're given money for the food … ’ the [use instead of] was trying vainly to put a bouncing lighter to his cigar .

‘ He may have other faults , ’ pointed out the Substitute , ‘ that she did n't care to mention .
‘ he may have other faults , ’ pointed out the [use instead of] , ‘ that she did n't care to mention .

‘ And is there , ’ the Substitute pursed his lips in a smile and drew on his cigar , ‘ a brother in the case ? ’
‘ and is there , ’ the [use instead of] pursed his lips in a smile and drew on his cigar , ‘ a brother in the case ? ’

From the hospital foyer he tried to telephone the Substitute who had been in court all afternoon and wanted to hear how things had gone .
from the hospital foyer he tried to telephone the [use instead of] who had been in court all afternoon and wanted to hear how things had gone .

The Substitute , too , had said , ‘ In that case we surely are talking about professionals … ’ And it was true that the Captain was proceeding as though they were . Even so , he only said again :
the [use instead of] , too , had said , ‘ in that case we surely are talking about professionals … ’ and it was true that the captain was proceeding as though they were . even so , he only said again :

They had to wait while the Substitute put on his new galoshes , murmuring with a cigar between his teeth : ‘ Do n't want to miss anything this time … ’
they had to wait while the [use instead of] put on his new galoshes , murmuring with a cigar between his teeth : ‘ do n't want to miss anything this time … ’

’ asked the Substitute , slowing to put a flame to a freshly filled pipe .
’ asked the [use instead of] , slowing to put a flame to a freshly filled pipe .

The Substitute would have been willing to bet every cigar he had on him that the Brigadier had been about to add ‘ before you were born ’ .
the [use instead of] would have been willing to bet every cigar he had on him that the brigadier had been about to add ‘ before you were born ’ .

Half way across the field to the ditch where a jeep was now straining at a rope attached to the emerging car , the Substitute lit on a possible solution .
half way across the field to the ditch where a jeep was now straining at a rope attached to the emerging car , the [use instead of] lit on a possible solution .

‘ Until Palm Sunday , ’ finished the Substitute automatically .
‘ until palm sunday , ’ finished the [use instead of] automatically .

‘ What story are you giving them ? ’ murmured the Substitute .
‘ what story are you giving them ? ’ murmured the [use instead of] .

‘ They 'll go on patrolling ? ’ asked the Substitute .
‘ they 'll go on patrolling ? ’ asked the [use instead of] .

’ The Substitute looked to where the Brigadier was deep in conversation with a group of men from the Captain 's company .
’ the [use instead of] looked to where the brigadier was deep in conversation with a group of men from the captain 's company .

Perhaps it was only because of the Substitute 's presence that he added , ‘ At eleven o'clock , ’ and then turned away quickly because the technician was about to protest .
perhaps it was only because of the [use instead of] 's presence that he added , ‘ at eleven o'clock , ’ and then turned away quickly because the technician was about to protest .

’ asked the Substitute , lighting a cigarette , ‘ Up there .
’ asked the [use instead of] , lighting a cigarette , ‘ up there .

The Substitute , who had not considered Piladu very communicative up to then , fell to smoking in silence .
the [use instead of] , who had not considered piladu very communicative up to then , fell to smoking in silence .

And to cap it all , it had to be on a case as weird as this that they sent him a Substitute Prosecutor who watched his performance with amused detachment .
and to cap it all , it had to be on a case as weird as this that they sent him a [use instead of] prosecutor who watched his performance with amused detachment .

After dropping off the Substitute , the Captain went to his office before going to lunch .
after dropping off the [use instead of] , the captain went to his office before going to lunch .

One of them , doubtless the Substitute Prosecutor , was on his feet , playing with an unlit pipe .
one of them , doubtless the [use instead of] prosecutor , was on his feet , playing with an unlit pipe .

Beside him , the Substitute burst into delighted laughter and said , ‘ Maestrangelo , introduce me to this man ! ’
beside him , the [use instead of] burst into delighted laughter and said , ‘ maestrangelo , introduce me to this man ! ’

They shook hands outside the sentry room , where the Substitute had a taxi called and got into it still smiling at the Marshal 's deadly serious remark .
they shook hands outside the sentry room , where the [use instead of] had a taxi called and got into it still smiling at the marshal 's deadly serious remark .

‘ An interesting man , the Substitute , ’ said the Captain as they settled into deep leather chairs , ‘ and intelligent .
‘ an interesting man , the [use instead of] , ’ said the captain as they settled into deep leather chairs , ‘ and intelligent .

’ The Substitute flipped open the latest of the pile of newspapers on the Captain 's desk .
’ the [use instead of] flipped open the latest of the pile of newspapers on the captain 's desk .

‘ Who 's the man they arrested for the throat-slitting ? ’ The Substitute lit a cigar and began to fold the newspaper neatly and rapidly .
‘ who 's the man they arrested for the throat-slitting ? ’ the [use instead of] lit a cigar and began to fold the newspaper neatly and rapidly .

After considering this aspect of the case for some moments the Substitute remarked : ‘ You chose your man well .
after considering this aspect of the case for some moments the [use instead of] remarked : ‘ you chose your man well .

The Substitute hid the faintest of smiles by drawing very deliberately on his cigar .
the [use instead of] hid the faintest of smiles by drawing very deliberately on his cigar .

As Bacci emerged through the blue fog that had collected near the door it occurred to the Captain that if Fusarri had been the normal sort of Substitute he would have had to go and report to him at his office , leaving his own smoke-free .
as bacci emerged through the blue fog that had collected near the door it occurred to the captain that if fusarri had been the normal sort of [use instead of] he would have had to go and report to him at his office , leaving his own smoke-free .

’ The significance of the Substitute 's earlier remark was gradually dawning on the Captain .
’ the significance of the [use instead of] 's earlier remark was gradually dawning on the captain .

He let the young man go and was relieved that the telephone rang before the Substitute could speak .
he let the young man go and was relieved that the telephone rang before the [use instead of] could speak .

The Consul General addressed himself exclusively to the Substitute in slow , accurate Italian , pronounced with his native accent .
the consul general addressed himself exclusively to the [use instead of] in slow , accurate italian , pronounced with his native accent .

‘ On Monday … ’ repeated the Substitute , as if wanting to take this piece of information in very particularly .
‘ on monday … ’ repeated the [use instead of] , as if wanting to take this piece of information in very particularly .

The Captain relaxed and the Substitute sat up again . It was the latter who , ignoring the red-faced Maxwell whose wife was holding on to his arm , asked the Consul General :
the captain relaxed and the [use instead of] sat up again . it was the latter who , ignoring the red-faced maxwell whose wife was holding on to his arm , asked the consul general :

‘ Eight days ago , ’ repeated the Substitute in the same way as he had repeated ‘ On Monday ’ .
‘ eight days ago , ’ repeated the [use instead of] in the same way as he had repeated ‘ on monday ’ .

But that was three weeks ago , as the Substitute Prosecutor has already pointed out to you .
but that was three weeks ago , as the [use instead of] prosecutor has already pointed out to you .

‘ The stubborn type , our Mr Maxwell , ’ remarked the Substitute once he and the Captain were alone again .
‘ the stubborn type , our mr maxwell , ’ remarked the [use instead of] once he and the captain were alone again .

‘ Yes , it has . ’ But when did the Substitute find time for his leisurely reading ? He always seemed to be on the move …
‘ yes , it has . ’ but when did the [use instead of] find time for his leisurely reading ? he always seemed to be on the move …

The only person who came to mind was the Substitute , but years of battling with arrogant , ambitious magistrates had taken their toll and he smiled ruefully at himself for having such a peculiar idea .
the only person who came to mind was the [use instead of] , but years of battling with arrogant , ambitious magistrates had taken their toll and he smiled ruefully at himself for having such a peculiar idea .

He had to try three of the numbers which the Substitute had given him on identical slips of paper , each of which had ‘ after eight-thirty ’ written in small , neat writing across the bottom .
he had to try three of the numbers which the [use instead of] had given him on identical slips of paper , each of which had ‘ after eight-thirty ’ written in small , neat writing across the bottom .

The young architect , who served part-time as alderman in charge of town planning , had indeed been interrupted at his supper , accepted a cigar and a light from the Substitute before beginning to explain .
the young architect , who served part-time as alderman in charge of town planning , had indeed been interrupted at his supper , accepted a cigar and a light from the [use instead of] before beginning to explain .

‘ As a matter of fact you did , ’ replied the Substitute gravely , ‘ but for heaven 's sake do n't worry about it , you 've got enough to worry about already . ’
‘ as a matter of fact you did , ’ replied the [use instead of] gravely , ‘ but for heaven 's sake do n't worry about it , you 've got enough to worry about already . ’

He should have asked the Captain but with the Substitute 's eyes fixed on him he had n't felt able to , and later there had never been time .
he should have asked the captain but with the [use instead of] 's eyes fixed on him he had n't felt able to , and later there had never been time .

In the Captain 's office the Substitute snapped his briefcase shut and his registrar handed over the warrants that had been made out for Rudolfo , Scano 's boy and the gamekeeper .
in the captain 's office the [use instead of] snapped his briefcase shut and his registrar handed over the warrants that had been made out for rudolfo , scano 's boy and the gamekeeper .

’ the Substitute asked .
’ the [use instead of] asked .

’ The Substitute signed to his registrar to sit down again .
’ the [use instead of] signed to his registrar to sit down again .

’ They were in the corridor and the Substitute was coming towards them , but the Captain had caught a glimpse of the figure that turned to go down the stairs beyond him .
’ they were in the corridor and the [use instead of] was coming towards them , but the captain had caught a glimpse of the figure that turned to go down the stairs beyond him .

’ The Substitute reached them .
’ the [use instead of] reached them .

He looked at the Substitute who stuck the cigar between his teeth and handed him the sheet of paper saying :
he looked at the [use instead of] who stuck the cigar between his teeth and handed him the sheet of paper saying :

Clearly , there need to be realistic incentives to reward effort and performance ; payment in kind , by supplying goods and other services , is no substitute for cash .
clearly , there need to be realistic incentives to reward effort and performance ; payment in kind , by supplying goods and other services , is no [use instead of] for cash .

Also , as in-patient beds are much more plentiful than supported housing and hostels , they are often used as substitute accommodation because people have nowhere to live after hospital treatment has ended .
also , as in-patient beds are much more plentiful than supported housing and hostels , they are often used as [use instead of] accommodation because people have nowhere to live after hospital treatment has ended .

Labour-only sub-contractors may generally be viewed as a substitute for directly employed labour .
labour-only sub-contractors may generally be viewed as a [use instead of] for directly employed labour .

Theory is no substitute for practical experience and this experience is often only bought at a high price .
theory is no [use instead of] for practical experience and this experience is often only bought at a high price .

The second problem is that a lax competition policy might be used by a member state as a substitute for trade policy or industrial policy , to protect domestic producers or to promote export sectors .
the second problem is that a lax competition policy might be used by a member state as a [use instead of] for trade policy or industrial policy , to protect domestic producers or to promote export sectors .

In almost every purchase one makes , from a butter substitute to a bathroom suite , there are two forms of competition .
in almost every purchase one makes , from a butter [use instead of] to a bathroom suite , there are two forms of competition .

However , as knowledge becomes increasingly use-specific , its portability declines , perhaps so much so that by the time it is embodied in a specific new product it can only spill over to producers of very similar substitute products .
however , as knowledge becomes increasingly use-specific , its portability declines , perhaps so much so that by the time it is embodied in a specific new product it can only spill over to producers of very similar [use instead of] products .

as a polite substitute for ‘ you .
as a polite [use instead of] for ‘ you .

An electronic or telecommunicated substitute for the paper based document is needed , and SeaDocs attempted to provide it .
an electronic or telecommunicated [use instead of] for the paper based document is needed , and seadocs attempted to provide it .

If the completed bill is unsatisfactory , the shipper can either refuse to exchange his dock receipt for the bill of lading , procure a satisfactory letter of indemnity or a substitute carrier .
if the completed bill is unsatisfactory , the shipper can either refuse to exchange his dock receipt for the bill of lading , procure a satisfactory letter of indemnity or a [use instead of] carrier .

The holder is also given the same possessory and control rights as a holder of a paper based bill , including the rights to claim delivery of the goods , to nominate the consignee or substitute a nominated consignee , to transfer the right of control and transfer and to instruct the carrier with respect to the delivery of the goods .
the holder is also given the same possessory and control rights as a holder of a paper based bill , including the rights to claim delivery of the goods , to nominate the consignee or [use instead of] a nominated consignee , to transfer the right of control and transfer and to instruct the carrier with respect to the delivery of the goods .

Hundreds of these survive ; and though they can never be a substitute for the originals , and raise very difficult problems of reliability , the best are beautiful and many are of real value to the art historian .
hundreds of these survive ; and though they can never be a [use instead of] for the originals , and raise very difficult problems of reliability , the best are beautiful and many are of real value to the art historian .

When Pelops came from Asia Minor he found thirteen heads nailed on the palace front ; but he bribed Oenomaus 's groom Myrtilos ( with the promise of Hippodameia 's favours ) to take the lynch-pin from one of his master 's chariot-wheels and substitute one of wax .
when pelops came from asia minor he found thirteen heads nailed on the palace front ; but he bribed oenomaus 's groom myrtilos ( with the promise of hippodameia 's favours ) to take the lynch-pin from one of his master 's chariot-wheels and [use instead of] one of wax .

Diamond and Smith ( 1982 , 1984 ) and Diamond ( 1985 , 1987 ) have argued that there is little evidence that all students not admitted to their first-choice institution will be prepared to substitute an alternative institution particularly if this is one from a different sector .
diamond and smith ( 1982 , 1984 ) and diamond ( 1985 , 1987 ) have argued that there is little evidence that all students not admitted to their first-choice institution will be prepared to [use instead of] an alternative institution particularly if this is one from a different sector .

In addition , there is little evidence that qualified entrants who demand university education but who are not admitted will be prepared to substitute a public sector place .
in addition , there is little evidence that qualified entrants who demand university education but who are not admitted will be prepared to [use instead of] a public sector place .

The failure of these assumptions to hold in practice suggests that it would be unsafe to rely on markets as a substitute for all other forms of control .
the failure of these assumptions to hold in practice suggests that it would be unsafe to rely on markets as a [use instead of] for all other forms of control .

The negative impact of the market invites the question whether it might be desirable to find a substitute for , and not merely a supplement to , the discipline the latter market provides .
the negative impact of the market invites the question whether it might be desirable to find a [use instead of] for , and not merely a supplement to , the discipline the latter market provides .

In order to obtain optimum results , however , there is no substitute for a carefully user-designed and written system .
in order to obtain optimum results , however , there is no [use instead of] for a carefully user-designed and written system .

Such a definition does not , however , bridge the gap between Britain and the rest of the world by providing us with a substitute for a documentary constitution : it simply shifts the ground , by using the word in an entirely different way .
such a definition does not , however , bridge the gap between britain and the rest of the world by providing us with a [use instead of] for a documentary constitution : it simply shifts the ground , by using the word in an entirely different way .

( d ) Is the ‘ majoritarian principle ’ an adequate substitute for fundamental rights ?
( d ) is the ‘ majoritarian principle ’ an adequate [use instead of] for fundamental rights ?

2 . Is the ‘ shared political morality ’ of majoritarianism an adequate substitute for constitutionalism ? Does All an suggest that it is ? What do you think he means when he states :
2 . is the ‘ shared political morality ’ of majoritarianism an adequate [use instead of] for constitutionalism ? does all an suggest that it is ? what do you think he means when he states :

However , unless they include well-amplified organ tones , they are a useful addition to the organ rather than a substitute for it .
however , unless they include well-amplified organ tones , they are a useful addition to the organ rather than a [use instead of] for it .

The transmission of religious services , in addition to being a blessing to those who can not go to church and a substitute for those who choose not to , offers considerable potential for evangelism through worship .
the transmission of religious services , in addition to being a blessing to those who can not go to church and a [use instead of] for those who choose not to , offers considerable potential for evangelism through worship .

Where a musical setting is not feasible , the rhythmic and dignified speaking of psalms and canticles is an acceptable and traditional substitute .
where a musical setting is not feasible , the rhythmic and dignified speaking of psalms and canticles is an acceptable and traditional [use instead of] .

These do not seem like promising beginnings : English was merely to be an extra accomplishment for young middle-class women — a ‘ convenient sort of non-subject to palm off on the ladies ’ as Eagleton puts it ; and a substitute for a classical education for the discontented working classes .
these do not seem like promising beginnings : english was merely to be an extra accomplishment for young middle-class women — a ‘ convenient sort of non-subject to palm off on the ladies ’ as eagleton puts it ; and a [use instead of] for a classical education for the discontented working classes .

French policy sought to create a substitute for independence by designating the protectorates of former French Indo-China , and subsequently Cochin China , as associated states within the French Union .
french policy sought to create a [use instead of] for independence by designating the protectorates of former french indo-china , and subsequently cochin china , as associated states within the french union .

Tax and welfare policies are important , and proposals on these two fronts have already been outlined , but these should supplement an initiative on pay , rather than be a substitute for it .
tax and welfare policies are important , and proposals on these two fronts have already been outlined , but these should supplement an initiative on pay , rather than be a [use instead of] for it .

Within the core enterprises and countries control will become less authoritarian in the workplace as new forms of market discipline substitute for the external surveillance of supervision , changes fostered by extensive deregulation .
within the core enterprises and countries control will become less authoritarian in the workplace as new forms of market discipline [use instead of] for the external surveillance of supervision , changes fostered by extensive deregulation .

In the case of Japanese enterprise groups many of these hierarchical relationships are arranged through complex subcontracts and the extensive use of quasi-democratic work teams using horizontal relationships to substitute for functional arrangements which more typically are hierarchical in the modernist bureaucracy .
in the case of japanese enterprise groups many of these hierarchical relationships are arranged through complex subcontracts and the extensive use of quasi-democratic work teams using horizontal relationships to [use instead of] for functional arrangements which more typically are hierarchical in the modernist bureaucracy .

Quality circles have been seen as a major achievement of the Japanese system , and not only because they serve as a substitute for quality surveillance as a separate management function .
quality circles have been seen as a major achievement of the japanese system , and not only because they serve as a [use instead of] for quality surveillance as a separate management function .

Planning and communication can take place through abstracted techniques of management control but it is by no means clear that the technical reason implicit in the use of these techniques serves to substitute for more substantively based judgements and planning .
planning and communication can take place through abstracted techniques of management control but it is by no means clear that the technical reason implicit in the use of these techniques serves to [use instead of] for more substantively based judgements and planning .

The pathological connotations of the term paranoid-schizoid are more appropriate to the reappearance of certain of these strategies later in life , when they become overextended from their normal place , and therefore develop as aspects of rupture , as when an adult attempts to gain power and control over another person as a substitute for the development of self-discipline .
the pathological connotations of the term paranoid-schizoid are more appropriate to the reappearance of certain of these strategies later in life , when they become overextended from their normal place , and therefore develop as aspects of rupture , as when an adult attempts to gain power and control over another person as a [use instead of] for the development of self-discipline .

However , if not used in this project it could be used in another project as substitute for another material which would cost £225 .
however , if not used in this project it could be used in another project as [use instead of] for another material which would cost £225 .

Two choices exist , either to sell the material for scrap or use it as a substitute .
two choices exist , either to sell the material for scrap or use it as a [use instead of] .

If we substitute ‘ organization ’ for ‘ life ’ and ‘ vision ’ for ‘ theatre ’ , we may begin to understand why strategic vision is stimulating so much interest .
if we [use instead of] ‘ organization ’ for ‘ life ’ and ‘ vision ’ for ‘ theatre ’ , we may begin to understand why strategic vision is stimulating so much interest .

The formal procedure is seen as a substitute for a more spontaneous flow and nurture of ideas .
the formal procedure is seen as a [use instead of] for a more spontaneous flow and nurture of ideas .

Suppose we take our previous sentence The cat sat on the mat and substitute for one of its constituent parts , cat , a different , but syntactically identical , element such as dog .
suppose we take our previous sentence the cat sat on the mat and [use instead of] for one of its constituent parts , cat , a different , but syntactically identical , element such as dog .

Opportunities for informal contacts and the exchange of information and experiences are , in consequence , extensive , and they probably serve the individualistic-minded members of this particular labour force as a more than satisfactory substitute for trade unions .
opportunities for informal contacts and the exchange of information and experiences are , in consequence , extensive , and they probably serve the individualistic-minded members of this particular labour force as a more than satisfactory [use instead of] for trade unions .

Examples such as this last raise the issue of the extent to which employers in manufacturing are using temporary working as a substitute for the recruitment of employees on a regular basis .
examples such as this last raise the issue of the extent to which employers in manufacturing are using temporary working as a [use instead of] for the recruitment of employees on a regular basis .

If you follow football you will already know that a substitute is a man who takes the place of another player .
if you follow football you will already know that a [use instead of] is a man who takes the place of another player .

In algebra a similar thing happens when we substitute numbers for letters .
in algebra a similar thing happens when we [use instead of] numbers for letters .

4 If x+ ½ find the value of the following : If we want to find the value of an expression with more than one letter in it , we have to know what number each letter is standing for and then substitute the correct number in place of each letter .
4 if x+ ½ find the value of the following : if we want to find the value of an expression with more than one letter in it , we have to know what number each letter is standing for and then [use instead of] the correct number in place of each letter .

Solve the following equations setting your work out as shown in the last example : This is a useful way of checking your answers , Simply substitute your answer for the letter in the question and both sides of the equation should be equal , Use this method to check your answers . Jimmy has a box of 0 cricket balls , each weighing 1 kg but he found that he had to take two out of the box to make it balance with a 40kg , weight , The equation which describes this balance would be : If Jimmy put back the two cricket balls into the box what would happen to the balance ? How could the balance be restored without again taking the two balls out of the box ?
solve the following equations setting your work out as shown in the last example : this is a useful way of checking your answers , simply [use instead of] your answer for the letter in the question and both sides of the equation should be equal , use this method to check your answers . jimmy has a box of 0 cricket balls , each weighing 1 kg but he found that he had to take two out of the box to make it balance with a 40kg , weight , the equation which describes this balance would be : if jimmy put back the two cricket balls into the box what would happen to the balance ? how could the balance be restored without again taking the two balls out of the box ?

The magnetic field strength is given again by eqn ( 3.27 ) ; we only need to substitute for the current In + Ip where the subscripts n and p refer to negative and positive particles respectively .
the magnetic field strength is given again by eqn ( 3.27 ) ; we only need to [use instead of] for the current in + ip where the subscripts n and p refer to negative and positive particles respectively .

fresh leaves for summer and fruit cups , as tea and tisane , in jam , milk puddings , salad dressings , or as a substitute for grated lemon peel in a recipe
fresh leaves for summer and fruit cups , as tea and tisane , in jam , milk puddings , salad dressings , or as a [use instead of] for grated lemon peel in a recipe

Both chamomiles are cultivated mainly for their medicinal properties , and Roman chamomile has a further use as a grass substitute for lawns .
both chamomiles are cultivated mainly for their medicinal properties , and roman chamomile has a further use as a grass [use instead of] for lawns .

root dried , roasted and ground as coffee substitute , young leaves in salads , sandwiches , or chopped up for mixing with soups and vegetables , blanching the leaves will result in a sweeter flavour , leaves and flowers to make wine ; the leaves for dandelion stout
root dried , roasted and ground as coffee [use instead of] , young leaves in salads , sandwiches , or chopped up for mixing with soups and vegetables , blanching the leaves will result in a sweeter flavour , leaves and flowers to make wine ; the leaves for dandelion stout

flowers , for tea or tisane , fritters , added to jam , jellies , milk puddings and tart fruits , used for elderflower wine and champagne ; fruit for wine , elderberry wine , jam , jelly , substitute for capers , for chutney and the juice to flavour vinegar
flowers , for tea or tisane , fritters , added to jam , jellies , milk puddings and tart fruits , used for elderflower wine and champagne ; fruit for wine , elderberry wine , jam , jelly , [use instead of] for capers , for chutney and the juice to flavour vinegar

For pork , substitute sage for the bay leaf .
for pork , [use instead of] sage for the bay leaf .

strongly clove-scented ; used as substitute for cloves ; in potpourri , tussie-mussies , herb pillows
strongly clove-scented ; used as [use instead of] for cloves ; in potpourri , tussie-mussies , herb pillows

fresh leaves , for soups , salads , with rich or fatty meat dishes , in stuffings for fish dishes , for sauces , in omelettes as a substitute for spinach
fresh leaves , for soups , salads , with rich or fatty meat dishes , in stuffings for fish dishes , for sauces , in omelettes as a [use instead of] for spinach

There is not substitute for a well-balanced calorie-reduced diet .
there is not [use instead of] for a well-balanced calorie-reduced diet .

Those who put forward this argument are thinking of video as a substitute television set .
those who put forward this argument are thinking of video as a [use instead of] television set .

This chapter illustrates some attractors : these static illustrations are a poor substitute for watching the trajectories approach and then wind around the attractor , and for following the sequence of bifurcations ( changes in type of attractor ) as a parameter is changed .
this chapter illustrates some attractors : these static illustrations are a poor [use instead of] for watching the trajectories approach and then wind around the attractor , and for following the sequence of bifurcations ( changes in type of attractor ) as a parameter is changed .

Transforming the Information This requires you to understand the historian 's main argument , be able to separate main points from supporting detail and substitute your own key-words for the historian 's vocabulary .
transforming the information this requires you to understand the historian 's main argument , be able to separate main points from supporting detail and [use instead of] your own key-words for the historian 's vocabulary .

You could substitute any of these alternative explanations as the key factor or phrase in the question e.g.
you could [use instead of] any of these alternative explanations as the key factor or phrase in the question e.g.

Size was not a great problem , according to Cinefex 27 ( 1986 ) , but very lightweight foam pieces had to be attached to black leotards to substitute for the original heavy suit .
size was not a great problem , according to cinefex 27 ( 1986 ) , but very lightweight foam pieces had to be attached to black leotards to [use instead of] for the original heavy suit .

And Steve obediently went off , taking with him a jar of Marmite in a garden trowel as a substitute for coal in a shovel , and he stood out there on the front porch in the cold listening to the silence and looking at the stars , waiting for them to let him in on the last stroke of Big Ben on the radio : a faint , feeble echo of some once meaningful ritual , though what it had meant or now could mean nobody there knew or had ever known .
and steve obediently went off , taking with him a jar of marmite in a garden trowel as a [use instead of] for coal in a shovel , and he stood out there on the front porch in the cold listening to the silence and looking at the stars , waiting for them to let him in on the last stroke of big ben on the radio : a faint , feeble echo of some once meaningful ritual , though what it had meant or now could mean nobody there knew or had ever known .

‘ There 's no substitute for being on a hillside , with the sun going down and literally 30 seconds of usable light left , and Coppola screaming : Cry !
‘ there 's no [use instead of] for being on a hillside , with the sun going down and literally 30 seconds of usable light left , and coppola screaming : cry !

Nothing can substitute for the health advice your doctor or specialist clinic can provide before you go on a trip to some exotic and far-flung destination , but we thought it worthwhile to turn to one very frequent business traveller for some of his tips .
nothing can [use instead of] for the health advice your doctor or specialist clinic can provide before you go on a trip to some exotic and far-flung destination , but we thought it worthwhile to turn to one very frequent business traveller for some of his tips .

The review panels now assembling to evaluate research proposals must ensure that human material is essential , and animal or substitute models should be used for preference when possible .
the review panels now assembling to evaluate research proposals must ensure that human material is essential , and animal or [use instead of] models should be used for preference when possible .

Therefore it is fitting to remember that such houses are no substitute for fair rent housing from local authorities or housing associations ( Clark 1981 ) .
therefore it is fitting to remember that such houses are no [use instead of] for fair rent housing from local authorities or housing associations ( clark 1981 ) .

However , journeys for information and for social contacts form a substantial part of daily activity for all people , and the telephone could become a substitute for at least some journeys and reduce the need for direct personal contact .
however , journeys for information and for social contacts form a substantial part of daily activity for all people , and the telephone could become a [use instead of] for at least some journeys and reduce the need for direct personal contact .

Individuals may not have access to private transport to substitute for inadequate public provision ; they may not be able to obtain a lift when necessary and they may not possess a telephone or the resources to obtain a car or phone .
individuals may not have access to private transport to [use instead of] for inadequate public provision ; they may not be able to obtain a lift when necessary and they may not possess a telephone or the resources to obtain a car or phone .

Juvenile — juvenile subject to maximum term of twelve months ' detention in a young offender institution — effect of sentence in excess of twelve months ' detention in young offender institution — whether Court of Appeal may substitute sentence of detention under Children and Young Persons Act 1933 section 53(2)
juvenile — juvenile subject to maximum term of twelve months ' detention in a young offender institution — effect of sentence in excess of twelve months ' detention in young offender institution — whether court of appeal may [use instead of] sentence of detention under children and young persons act 1933 section 53(2)

Barthes is here influenced , no doubt , by the founder of deconstruction , Jacques Derrida , who argued that contrary to the traditional view that speech is the exemplary case of language in use , and writing an artificial substitute for speech , writing ought to be privileged because it exposes the fallacious metaphysics of presence , of the autonomy of the subject , which speech encourages .
barthes is here influenced , no doubt , by the founder of deconstruction , jacques derrida , who argued that contrary to the traditional view that speech is the exemplary case of language in use , and writing an artificial [use instead of] for speech , writing ought to be privileged because it exposes the fallacious metaphysics of presence , of the autonomy of the subject , which speech encourages .

The ‘ cost of capital ’ may be low enough and there may be a strong demand for the type of commodity which the investment project aims at producing , but if other competing enterprises are able to supply the same commodity or a close substitute more cheaply ( or of a higher quality ) then the project will not be ‘ commercially viable .
the ‘ cost of capital ’ may be low enough and there may be a strong demand for the type of commodity which the investment project aims at producing , but if other competing enterprises are able to supply the same commodity or a close [use instead of] more cheaply ( or of a higher quality ) then the project will not be ‘ commercially viable .

It was not until the Basque iron deposits were exploited by foreign capital , instead of by the archaic techniques of the Basque miners , that Spain was to acquire a substitute for wool .
it was not until the basque iron deposits were exploited by foreign capital , instead of by the archaic techniques of the basque miners , that spain was to acquire a [use instead of] for wool .

The liberal working majority was based on the votes of the suplentes ( the substitute deputies for occupied districts and Spanish America , elected under radical pressure at Cadiz ) .
the liberal working majority was based on the votes of the suplentes ( the [use instead of] deputies for occupied districts and spanish america , elected under radical pressure at cadiz ) .

The decline of the natural jet industry was hastened by the invention of an artificial substitute , ebonite or vulcanite , made by exposing india-rubber and sulphur to intense heat .
the decline of the natural jet industry was hastened by the invention of an artificial [use instead of] , ebonite or vulcanite , made by exposing india-rubber and sulphur to intense heat .

Another sign of attachment is the revival of the art of cameo-cutting , beginning with the commissions bestowed by popes , prelates and connoisseurs at the time of the Renaissance , persisting through the period of bourgeois dominance and continuing into the present age of enfranchisement even to the point at which resort has had to be made to substitute materials like shell or paste to satisfy a greatly enlarged market .
another sign of attachment is the revival of the art of cameo-cutting , beginning with the commissions bestowed by popes , prelates and connoisseurs at the time of the renaissance , persisting through the period of bourgeois dominance and continuing into the present age of enfranchisement even to the point at which resort has had to be made to [use instead of] materials like shell or paste to satisfy a greatly enlarged market .

Bolsheviks , on the other hand , were more dismissive of the revolutionary potential of the Russian bourgeoisie , saw the peasantry as more likely allies of the proletariat , and regarded legal activity as no substitute for underground preparation for revolution .
bolsheviks , on the other hand , were more dismissive of the revolutionary potential of the russian bourgeoisie , saw the peasantry as more likely allies of the proletariat , and regarded legal activity as no [use instead of] for underground preparation for revolution .

They embraced the myth of revolution to compensate for their own inadequacy , as a substitute for love , friendship , human affection .
they embraced the myth of revolution to compensate for their own inadequacy , as a [use instead of] for love , friendship , human affection .

This relies on a constitutional sleight of hand to substitute the following , much broader , interpretation in place of the orthodox version that is prevalent elsewhere :
this relies on a constitutional sleight of hand to [use instead of] the following , much broader , interpretation in place of the orthodox version that is prevalent elsewhere :

We will be tracing its pervasive effects below , firstly in relation to the largely untrammelled sentencing powers that have traditionally been enjoyed by the courts in England , and secondly in inhibiting policy initiatives that have sought to substitute an element of strategic planning for the policy vacuum that continues to characterize the English sentencing system .
we will be tracing its pervasive effects below , firstly in relation to the largely untrammelled sentencing powers that have traditionally been enjoyed by the courts in england , and secondly in inhibiting policy initiatives that have sought to [use instead of] an element of strategic planning for the policy vacuum that continues to characterize the english sentencing system .

We will erase or cross out the second word and substitute the word ‘ thou ’ .
we will erase or cross out the second word and [use instead of] the word ‘ thou ’ .

The substance upon which Longivex was based was scarce — located so far on only two worlds of the surveyed systems — and it had proved impossible to manufacture a synthetic substitute which did not possess deadly side effects .
the substance upon which longivex was based was scarce — located so far on only two worlds of the surveyed systems — and it had proved impossible to manufacture a synthetic [use instead of] which did not possess deadly side effects .

The girl who found him that day by the lake was sent by destiny , by fate , the atheists ' substitute for God .
the girl who found him that day by the lake was sent by destiny , by fate , the atheists ' [use instead of] for god .

They are likely to need very careful handling if their substitute parents are to establish a happy relationship with them .
they are likely to need very careful handling if their [use instead of] parents are to establish a happy relationship with them .

Older children who are beyond control and difficult or delinquent will not take easily to substitute homes and will often cause a good deal of trouble there .
older children who are beyond control and difficult or delinquent will not take easily to [use instead of] homes and will often cause a good deal of trouble there .

All will be disturbed and unhappy to some extent at the loss of familiar surroundings and some will be deeply hurt in their capacity to trust and respond to the people who endeavour to provide substitute homes .
all will be disturbed and unhappy to some extent at the loss of familiar surroundings and some will be deeply hurt in their capacity to trust and respond to the people who endeavour to provide [use instead of] homes .

But in most cases the aim of the social services departments is to find the child a substitute home as near to a good , normal home as possible , until such time as he or she can return to their own home .
but in most cases the aim of the social services departments is to find the child a [use instead of] home as near to a good , normal home as possible , until such time as he or she can return to their own home .

Boarding out ( or fostering ) has been practised for many years and the Curtis Committee on the care of children strongly urged that this should be the first choice in finding substitute homes .
boarding out ( or fostering ) has been practised for many years and the curtis committee on the care of children strongly urged that this should be the first choice in finding [use instead of] homes .

The range of substitute homes offered by the local authorities varies considerably and it is of course essential to try to match the different children coming into care to the most appropriate home .
the range of [use instead of] homes offered by the local authorities varies considerably and it is of course essential to try to match the different children coming into care to the most appropriate home .

After assessment by the child care officer or reception centre , the child is placed in a suitable substitute home .
after assessment by the child care officer or reception centre , the child is placed in a suitable [use instead of] home .

Where the arrangement works well , children obtain a secure substitute home .
where the arrangement works well , children obtain a secure [use instead of] home .

Apart from their major tasks of receiving children into care and providing substitute homes for them , local authority social services departments have various other responsibilities in the child care field .
apart from their major tasks of receiving children into care and providing [use instead of] homes for them , local authority social services departments have various other responsibilities in the child care field .

As the preceding paragraphs have shown , child care is , until the Children Bill becomes law in the early 1990s , based on the Child Care Act 1980 , under which one major duty of the local authorities is to receive children into care and provide them with adequate substitute homes unless or until they can be returned to their natural parents .
as the preceding paragraphs have shown , child care is , until the children bill becomes law in the early 1990s , based on the child care act 1980 , under which one major duty of the local authorities is to receive children into care and provide them with adequate [use instead of] homes unless or until they can be returned to their natural parents .

Moreover , major advances were made in training child care staff both for residential work and for the fieldwork of finding substitute homes , supervising fostering and keeping contact with parents .
moreover , major advances were made in training child care staff both for residential work and for the fieldwork of finding [use instead of] homes , supervising fostering and keeping contact with parents .

More knowledge of the emotional needs of children demonstrated the importance of maintaining a warm and continuous relationship between a child and his or her mother or mother substitute .
more knowledge of the emotional needs of children demonstrated the importance of maintaining a warm and continuous relationship between a child and his or her mother or mother [use instead of] .

The juvenile courts also had powers to place children in care , and the former children 's departments had to receive children in need of care and protection and find them substitute homes .
the juvenile courts also had powers to place children in care , and the former children 's departments had to receive children in need of care and protection and find them [use instead of] homes .

Planning to despise the film as a poor substitute for classic drama , Comfort had actually found it touchingly romantic , but oddly disturbing too .
planning to despise the film as a poor [use instead of] for classic drama , comfort had actually found it touchingly romantic , but oddly disturbing too .

Eventually , Reid said , ‘ All Susan ever said about her father was that he was a grade-A shit who 'd ignored her for most of her life and thought money was a good substitute for love .
eventually , reid said , ‘ all susan ever said about her father was that he was a grade-a shit who 'd ignored her for most of her life and thought money was a good [use instead of] for love .

Choose the most appropriate speech and substitute your own details .
choose the most appropriate speech and [use instead of] your own details .

Fourthly , carers who were managing to retain full-time jobs often spent a considerable amount of money each week on substitute care , it statutory day care services were not adequate .
fourthly , carers who were managing to retain full-time jobs often spent a considerable amount of money each week on [use instead of] care , it statutory day care services were not adequate .

The family network should be fully involved before a substitute carer is chosen , then that carer must be offered at least as much support as local authority foster carers would normally expect .
the family network should be fully involved before a [use instead of] carer is chosen , then that carer must be offered at least as much support as local authority foster carers would normally expect .

7.1.2 The introduction of an Independent Living Fund administered by the Disablement Income Group as a substitute for the domestic help additional requirement .
7.1.2 the introduction of an independent living fund administered by the disablement income group as a [use instead of] for the domestic help additional requirement .

The main thrust of Lukacs 's criticism is that the rich potentiality of socialist realism degenerated for the most part into what he terms the `` anaemia of socialist naturalism `` because its practitioners deliberately chose to substitute the profundity of Marx 's original dialectical understanding of reality for the banality and facility of Stalinist economic subjectivism `` , the inevitable consequence of the Stalinist personality cult .
the main thrust of lukacs 's criticism is that the rich potentiality of socialist realism degenerated for the most part into what he terms the `` anaemia of socialist naturalism `` because its practitioners deliberately chose to [use instead of] the profundity of marx 's original dialectical understanding of reality for the banality and facility of stalinist economic subjectivism `` , the inevitable consequence of the stalinist personality cult .

Now it is of course always possible to substitute ( x ) Fx for ( Ex ) Fx , replacing the existential quantifier , that is , with a universal quantifier plus negation , but there is nothing much to be gained by such a swap , for to paraphrase the proposition that something is human by saying that it is not the case that everything is non-human is merely to beg the question .
now it is of course always possible to [use instead of] ( x ) fx for ( ex ) fx , replacing the existential quantifier , that is , with a universal quantifier plus negation , but there is nothing much to be gained by such a swap , for to paraphrase the proposition that something is human by saying that it is not the case that everything is non-human is merely to beg the question .

Briefly , what needs to be shown if the anti-monist argument is going to work is that it is in principle impossible to remove such predicates from the relevant contexts and substitute for them some other predicates without any loss of truth .
briefly , what needs to be shown if the anti-monist argument is going to work is that it is in principle impossible to remove such predicates from the relevant contexts and [use instead of] for them some other predicates without any loss of truth .

Computer is no design panacea : Computers , now universally used in design work , have facilitated the process , but are no substitute for creative hard graft .
computer is no design panacea : computers , now universally used in design work , have facilitated the process , but are no [use instead of] for creative hard graft .

In short , those who propose a deprivation weighting must decide whether this is to be additional to or a substitute for mortality .
in short , those who propose a deprivation weighting must decide whether this is to be additional to or a [use instead of] for mortality .

Our support can only be effective to the extent that these universals obtain ; it certainly can not substitute for them .
our support can only be effective to the extent that these universals obtain ; it certainly can not [use instead of] for them .

The first is that it is important never to lose sight of the fact that a computer is an assistant to , not a substitute for , a human researcher .
the first is that it is important never to lose sight of the fact that a computer is an assistant to , not a [use instead of] for , a human researcher .

For you can not subtract from the conception of your pain that part of it which is you , the subject , and substitute the notion of another subject ( something like you but not you ) while supposing that the remainder ( the painfulness ) stays unchanged .
for you can not subtract from the conception of your pain that part of it which is you , the subject , and [use instead of] the notion of another subject ( something like you but not you ) while supposing that the remainder ( the painfulness ) stays unchanged .

Sometimes we do not even need to provide a substitute for a word or phrase which has already been said .
sometimes we do not even need to provide a [use instead of] for a word or phrase which has already been said .

It would serve as a substitute for school .
it would serve as a [use instead of] for school .

What she must do , he maintained , was to substitute one image for another .
what she must do , he maintained , was to [use instead of] one image for another .

( 3 ) It is not open to a court to substitute some different protection in place of the long-standing privilege against self-incrimination on which defendants seek to rely .
( 3 ) it is not open to a court to [use instead of] some different protection in place of the long-standing privilege against self-incrimination on which defendants seek to rely .

Where the petitioner is found not to be entitled to have presented a petition or wished to withdraw his petition or allow it to be dismissed or fails to attend on the hearing , the court may substitute as petitioner any creditor who has given notice of intention to appear , wishes to prosecute the petition and is a creditor who would at the date of presentation of the petition have been in a position himself to present a petition against the debtor ( ie is presently owed more than £750 ) ( r 6.30 ) .
where the petitioner is found not to be entitled to have presented a petition or wished to withdraw his petition or allow it to be dismissed or fails to attend on the hearing , the court may [use instead of] as petitioner any creditor who has given notice of intention to appear , wishes to prosecute the petition and is a creditor who would at the date of presentation of the petition have been in a position himself to present a petition against the debtor ( ie is presently owed more than £750 ) ( r 6.30 ) .

It was used as a cheap substitute for pewter and as a base for electroplate finishes .
it was used as a cheap [use instead of] for pewter and as a base for electroplate finishes .

Hospital pharmacists can substitute a non-brand equivalent to save money , but ordinary pharmacies have to give exactly what the doctor orders , even though there may be a cheaper alternative .
hospital pharmacists can [use instead of] a non-brand equivalent to save money , but ordinary pharmacies have to give exactly what the doctor orders , even though there may be a cheaper alternative .

‘ What is the point of drinking a synthetic substitute ?
‘ what is the point of drinking a synthetic [use instead of] ?

This description fits the observable characteristics and progress of the disease , although it might be more appropriate to substitute the social term `` `` sensitivity `` `` for the strictly clinical term `` allergy `` .
this description fits the observable characteristics and progress of the disease , although it might be more appropriate to [use instead of] the social term `` `` sensitivity `` `` for the strictly clinical term `` allergy `` .

In order to confront the denial system of the sufferer , but at the same time not cause it to be so aroused as to be counter productive , it may be helpful to avoid specific terms such as `` alcoholic `` , `` drug addict `` , `` anorexic `` , `` alcoholism `` , `` drug addiction `` , `` anorexia `` and substitute a phrase such as `` stress and depression and problems with alcohol ( or drugs or food etc ) `` or simply `` problems in your life `` .
in order to confront the denial system of the sufferer , but at the same time not cause it to be so aroused as to be counter productive , it may be helpful to avoid specific terms such as `` alcoholic `` , `` drug addict `` , `` anorexic `` , `` alcoholism `` , `` drug addiction `` , `` anorexia `` and [use instead of] a phrase such as `` stress and depression and problems with alcohol ( or drugs or food etc ) `` or simply `` problems in your life `` .

However , it is important that after-care does not become a substitute for attendance at meetings of the Anonymous Fellowships or for actually working the suggested 12 Steps of recovery or for establishing a continuing relationship with a sponsor .
however , it is important that after-care does not become a [use instead of] for attendance at meetings of the anonymous fellowships or for actually working the suggested 12 steps of recovery or for establishing a continuing relationship with a sponsor .

There is no substitute for comprehensive pre-flight planning to ensure the safe and satisfactory conduct of a flight .
there is no [use instead of] for comprehensive pre-flight planning to ensure the safe and satisfactory conduct of a flight .

The rabbis believed that when the Holy Spirit was with drawn from Israel at the end of the prophetic era , God left them with a substitute , the bath qol , which means literally ‘ daughter of the voice ’ or ‘ echo ’ .
the rabbis believed that when the holy spirit was with drawn from israel at the end of the prophetic era , god left them with a [use instead of] , the bath qol , which means literally ‘ daughter of the voice ’ or ‘ echo ’ .

The bath qol was an inferior substitute for the Word of God formerly given by the Spirit to a prophet .
the bath qol was an inferior [use instead of] for the word of god formerly given by the spirit to a prophet .

But this voice was no feeble substitute ; it was a direct address from the God who had been silent .
but this voice was no feeble [use instead of] ; it was a direct address from the god who had been silent .

He acted as the substitute and the representative for the whole human race .
he acted as the [use instead of] and the representative for the whole human race .

She seemed to regret its disappearance and looked at the chalk outline marked by Massingham on the floor as if this were a poor substitute for the real thing .
she seemed to regret its disappearance and looked at the chalk outline marked by massingham on the floor as if this were a poor [use instead of] for the real thing .

People 's purchase behaviour will , in part , be determined by basic economic factors such as : * the real disposable income available to them for expenditure on consumer goods and services ; * the price of the available products ; * basic personal perceptions of what constitutes good `` value for money `` ; * the relative prices of `` substitute `` products , whose purchase might become preferred ; * the relative prices of `` complementary `` products ( whose purchase is in some way related to the original purchase ) .
people 's purchase behaviour will , in part , be determined by basic economic factors such as : * the real disposable income available to them for expenditure on consumer goods and services ; * the price of the available products ; * basic personal perceptions of what constitutes good `` value for money `` ; * the relative prices of `` [use instead of] `` products , whose purchase might become preferred ; * the relative prices of `` complementary `` products ( whose purchase is in some way related to the original purchase ) .

‘ Resurrection Joe ’ is their finest moment , yoking substitute drummer Rat Scabies ' pummel-vision stickstorm to a mash of brawny guitars , and a vocal performance of pelvis-grinding intensity .
‘ resurrection joe ’ is their finest moment , yoking [use instead of] drummer rat scabies ' pummel-vision stickstorm to a mash of brawny guitars , and a vocal performance of pelvis-grinding intensity .

Its name is a metaphor for a manufacturing spirit ; a substitute for hard , dirty and spiritless work ; an analogy for all things industrial .
its name is a metaphor for a manufacturing spirit ; a [use instead of] for hard , dirty and spiritless work ; an analogy for all things industrial .

Time spent examining and handling fabric for yourself is time well spent as there is no substitute for experience .
time spent examining and handling fabric for yourself is time well spent as there is no [use instead of] for experience .

It is possible to use a spare piece of velvet as a substitute so that the pile of the fabric you are working on sinks into the pile of the spare piece underneath .
it is possible to use a spare piece of velvet as a [use instead of] so that the pile of the fabric you are working on sinks into the pile of the spare piece underneath .

He was a substitute for Hubert .
he was a [use instead of] for hubert .

Only a substitute .
only a [use instead of] .

Concepts such as ‘ asking the wrong question ’ then simply function as the vehicle through which the court can substitute its views on the meaning of such phrases for that of the tribunal .
concepts such as ‘ asking the wrong question ’ then simply function as the vehicle through which the court can [use instead of] its views on the meaning of such phrases for that of the tribunal .

Thus , provided that the court categorises the issue as a collateral question it will substitute judgment on the point , whether that be one of fact or law .
thus , provided that the court categorises the issue as a collateral question it will [use instead of] judgment on the point , whether that be one of fact or law .

We have already seen that when the courts deem a statutory term to be jurisdictional , whether it be a question of law or fact , they will substitute their view as to the meaning of the term for that of the decision-maker .
we have already seen that when the courts deem a statutory term to be jurisdictional , whether it be a question of law or fact , they will [use instead of] their view as to the meaning of the term for that of the decision-maker .

The tendency of the courts , and the thrust of Gould 's argument , is to regard misconstruction of many of these terms as errors of law , the effect being that the court well substitute its view of that term for that of the tribunal .
the tendency of the courts , and the thrust of gould 's argument , is to regard misconstruction of many of these terms as errors of law , the effect being that the court well [use instead of] its view of that term for that of the tribunal .

The courts could systematically substitute their choice as to how the discretion ought to be exercised for that of the administrative authority ; they would in other words reassess the matter afresh and decide , for example , whether funds ought to be allocated in one way rather than another .
the courts could systematically [use instead of] their choice as to how the discretion ought to be exercised for that of the administrative authority ; they would in other words reassess the matter afresh and decide , for example , whether funds ought to be allocated in one way rather than another .

However vivid the message put over by advertising , there is no substitute for the final face-to-face meeting between the buyer and the seller or his representative .
however vivid the message put over by advertising , there is no [use instead of] for the final face-to-face meeting between the buyer and the seller or his representative .

His intention was simple , to substitute this for whatever garment he found in the dog .
his intention was simple , to [use instead of] this for whatever garment he found in the dog .

We also showed how the indiscriminate use of praise is a poor substitute for positive and specific feedback .
we also showed how the indiscriminate use of praise is a poor [use instead of] for positive and specific feedback .

Perhaps the clearest example of Marxism being embraced as a substitute for a rejected Catholicism is offered by César Vallejo , whose poetry is constructed around biblical images both before and after his conversion to Communism and whose proletarian heroes ‘ appear as new Christs ’ urging redemption through collective love ( Vallejo : 1970 , p. 69 ) .
perhaps the clearest example of marxism being embraced as a [use instead of] for a rejected catholicism is offered by césar vallejo , whose poetry is constructed around biblical images both before and after his conversion to communism and whose proletarian heroes ‘ appear as new christs ’ urging redemption through collective love ( vallejo : 1970 , p. 69 ) .

Holt is not surprised that many football hooligans come , not from lower-working-class housing estates , but from the affluent suburbs and new towns away from the major conurbations : ‘ When a group have lost their old territory in which their traditions were established , football provides a symbolic substitute for the young in the heart of the old community ’ ( ibid.:339 ) .
holt is not surprised that many football hooligans come , not from lower-working-class housing estates , but from the affluent suburbs and new towns away from the major conurbations : ‘ when a group have lost their old territory in which their traditions were established , football provides a symbolic [use instead of] for the young in the heart of the old community ’ ( ibid.:339 ) .

But a Home Office study by Southgate ( 1982b ) reported that officers saw little value in such training : they quickly forgot the content and saw it as no substitute for direct experience or the advice of senior colleagues .
but a home office study by southgate ( 1982b ) reported that officers saw little value in such training : they quickly forgot the content and saw it as no [use instead of] for direct experience or the advice of senior colleagues .

This spontaneous surge of ‘ substitute fictions ’ ( 169 ) is commented upon by many of those who take to keeping computerized journals .
this spontaneous surge of ‘ [use instead of] fictions ’ ( 169 ) is commented upon by many of those who take to keeping computerized journals .

One problem recognised in the paper is the question of whether the magistracy and judiciary would be prepared to substitute this form of sentence for those previously receiving a custodial sentence .
one problem recognised in the paper is the question of whether the magistracy and judiciary would be prepared to [use instead of] this form of sentence for those previously receiving a custodial sentence .

This is a breast milk substitute made from cow 's milk and vegetable and animal fats , fortified with important vitamins and minerals .
this is a breast milk [use instead of] made from cow 's milk and vegetable and animal fats , fortified with important vitamins and minerals .

If you can not find cane or maple syrup , substitute golden syrup and a teaspoon or two of black treacle .
if you can not find cane or maple syrup , [use instead of] golden syrup and a teaspoon or two of black treacle .

The government believes that the informal , voluntary and commercial sectors should substitute for the state in welfare provision .
the government believes that the informal , voluntary and commercial sectors should [use instead of] for the state in welfare provision .

Two important distinctions are made : first , between care provided in the carer 's home and that provided in the client 's home ; and second , between substitute care , in which the ‘ normal ’ carer ( or the local authority ) is replaced , and supplementary care , where the paid carer supplements the care of others or the client 's capacity for self-care .
two important distinctions are made : first , between care provided in the carer 's home and that provided in the client 's home ; and second , between [use instead of] care , in which the ‘ normal ’ carer ( or the local authority ) is replaced , and supplementary care , where the paid carer supplements the care of others or the client 's capacity for self-care .

There is no substitute for good clothing with appropriate insulation ( see my article in the October 1990 Ski survey ) and always be prepared for the weather to change .
there is no [use instead of] for good clothing with appropriate insulation ( see my article in the october 1990 ski survey ) and always be prepared for the weather to change .

Intelligently , Channel 4 has put the 12 part series into four videos that will serve as a substitute to anyone who missed the programmes .
intelligently , channel 4 has put the 12 part series into four videos that will serve as a [use instead of] to anyone who missed the programmes .

However , gouache is not a substitute for watercolour , and is a water-based medium in its own right .
however , gouache is not a [use instead of] for watercolour , and is a water-based medium in its own right .

If a yacht on flotilla breaks down and can not travel due to a major failure which is not your fault , and a substitute is not available , we pay for each 24 hrs or each full sailing day ( 1000 to 1700 ) the yacht is immobile .
if a yacht on flotilla breaks down and can not travel due to a major failure which is not your fault , and a [use instead of] is not available , we pay for each 24 hrs or each full sailing day ( 1000 to 1700 ) the yacht is immobile .

Smokers who find nicotine gum no substitute for cigarettes may need to step up their chewing rate .
smokers who find nicotine gum no [use instead of] for cigarettes may need to step up their chewing rate .

Substitute with herbal teas .
[use instead of] with herbal teas .

Substitute cream in recipes with Delight Single Half Fat Alternative to Cream , and dress salads with Yogonaise , Delight 's new low fat dressing — your guests will never know that the delicious food you 're serving is also lower in fat .
[use instead of] cream in recipes with delight single half fat alternative to cream , and dress salads with yogonaise , delight 's new low fat dressing — your guests will never know that the delicious food you 're serving is also lower in fat .

The development of professional competence however paramountly desirable can not substitute for the academic element in language courses .
the development of professional competence however paramountly desirable can not [use instead of] for the academic element in language courses .

Worse , it ran directly counter to the liberating education of feelings , and imagination , and sensitivity that is the proper province of the study of English , and for which there is no substitute .
worse , it ran directly counter to the liberating education of feelings , and imagination , and sensitivity that is the proper province of the study of english , and for which there is no [use instead of] .

Often called laser printers because many of them use a semiconductor laser to expose the image onto the drum , they are based on photocopier technology and produce an excellent substitute for traditionally typeset material , so long as the quality requirements are not paramount .
often called laser printers because many of them use a semiconductor laser to expose the image onto the drum , they are based on photocopier technology and produce an excellent [use instead of] for traditionally typeset material , so long as the quality requirements are not paramount .

His evidence to the parliamentary select committee revealed that he was not one of those who believed that straw could ever be an adequate substitute for rags .
his evidence to the parliamentary select committee revealed that he was not one of those who believed that straw could ever be an adequate [use instead of] for rags .

His political ideals included the concept of arbitration as a substitute for war in the settlement of national disputes , and involved him in the jingoistic disputes of 1877 .
his political ideals included the concept of arbitration as a [use instead of] for war in the settlement of national disputes , and involved him in the jingoistic disputes of 1877 .

One by one the words and phrases with which Mark had bored her , were regurgitated by the credulous old priest … ‘ exchange of values … living by proxy … the superlife … ultimately through television … substitute for living … ’ She felt an irresistible urge to object , to protest .
one by one the words and phrases with which mark had bored her , were regurgitated by the credulous old priest … ‘ exchange of values … living by proxy … the superlife … ultimately through television … [use instead of] for living … ’ she felt an irresistible urge to object , to protest .

That prosecutorial discretion will almost certainly rescue the offence from this absurdity is no proper substitute for such catch-all drafting .
that prosecutorial discretion will almost certainly rescue the offence from this absurdity is no proper [use instead of] for such catch-all drafting .

’ This was the phraseology employed in the Theatres Act 1968 , but when the Bill was hurriedly amended , it was decided to bring the Theatres Act terminology into line with the remainder of the Act , and substitute ‘ having regard to all the circumstances .
’ this was the phraseology employed in the theatres act 1968 , but when the bill was hurriedly amended , it was decided to bring the theatres act terminology into line with the remainder of the act , and [use instead of] ‘ having regard to all the circumstances .

Only worth growing as a substitute for waterlilies in shaded or running water .
only worth growing as a [use instead of] for waterlilies in shaded or running water .

Algicides are sold by many aquatic plant nurseries and garden centres and while these are effective for a short period of time , they are not a substitute for a properly balanced pool .
algicides are sold by many aquatic plant nurseries and garden centres and while these are effective for a short period of time , they are not a [use instead of] for a properly balanced pool .

This decision depended on highly loaded definitions of contested terms such as ‘ economic ’ and appeared to substitute judicial for electoral decisions as to the proper balance between the interests of ratepayers and public-transport users ( Griffith , 1991 , pp .
this decision depended on highly loaded definitions of contested terms such as ‘ economic ’ and appeared to [use instead of] judicial for electoral decisions as to the proper balance between the interests of ratepayers and public-transport users ( griffith , 1991 , pp .

When this is not as a substitute for the individual fund balance sheets , the argument about incomprehensibility still applies .
when this is not as a [use instead of] for the individual fund balance sheets , the argument about incomprehensibility still applies .

But these conclusions depend upon depreciation being a substitute .
but these conclusions depend upon depreciation being a [use instead of] .

In this , we might keep the existing loan redemptions for the tax calculations but substitute depreciation charges for cost comparisons and management information generally .
in this , we might keep the existing loan redemptions for the tax calculations but [use instead of] depreciation charges for cost comparisons and management information generally .

Soviet interest was aroused by the Iranian view that ‘ there will have to be guarantees that neither the Americans nor American surrogates substitute for the departing Russians ’ , that the problem of Afghanistan should not be solved in the East/West context .
soviet interest was aroused by the iranian view that ‘ there will have to be guarantees that neither the americans nor american surrogates [use instead of] for the departing russians ’ , that the problem of afghanistan should not be solved in the east/west context .

Two bassoons and two clarinets blend admirably in four-part harmony , and two bassoons and two horns used pp or p are a good substitute for four horns .
two bassoons and two clarinets blend admirably in four-part harmony , and two bassoons and two horns used pp or p are a good [use instead of] for four horns .

In entertaining , begging , or hawking at stations they were making shift to use the railway as an inadequate substitute .
in entertaining , begging , or hawking at stations they were making shift to use the railway as an inadequate [use instead of] .

Lucien kept his eyes lowered behind his substitute veil , striving to maintain a straight spine , but with his head bent forwards .
lucien kept his eyes lowered behind his [use instead of] veil , striving to maintain a straight spine , but with his head bent forwards .

They have pointed out that the existence of other remedies for wives in this situation is no reason for disentitling a wife to the protection of the criminal law and that the possibility of bringing charges for assault or wounding is an inadequate substitute for a rape prosecution which focuses upon the denial of another 's sexual autonomy and integrity .
they have pointed out that the existence of other remedies for wives in this situation is no reason for disentitling a wife to the protection of the criminal law and that the possibility of bringing charges for assault or wounding is an inadequate [use instead of] for a rape prosecution which focuses upon the denial of another 's sexual autonomy and integrity .

‘ My father-in-law was well aware of all this ; it has been going on for some years but he would not do what was necessary to right the situation , that is cut out the loss makers and , perhaps , substitute other lines — stationery , office equipment , videos or any other line compatible with the book trade .
‘ my father-in-law was well aware of all this ; it has been going on for some years but he would not do what was necessary to right the situation , that is cut out the loss makers and , perhaps , [use instead of] other lines — stationery , office equipment , videos or any other line compatible with the book trade .

‘ Now , Mr Jordan , would it have been possible for someone to get into your shed on Friday night , remove the Scapegoat and substitute a body dressed in the Scapegoat 's clothes ? ’
‘ now , mr jordan , would it have been possible for someone to get into your shed on friday night , remove the scapegoat and [use instead of] a body dressed in the scapegoat 's clothes ? ’

The old man blinked rapidly , which Wycliffe was soon to recognise as a substitute for nodding .
the old man blinked rapidly , which wycliffe was soon to recognise as a [use instead of] for nodding .

‘ Charlie said he 'd found a substitute , but he never said it was you .
‘ charlie said he 'd found a [use instead of] , but he never said it was you .

But the accident opened the door to another hero — substitute Stephen Ross ( Glasgow Govan ) who put the game beyond Dundee 's reach by scoring goal number three in extra time .
but the accident opened the door to another hero — [use instead of] stephen ross ( glasgow govan ) who put the game beyond dundee 's reach by scoring goal number three in extra time .

Joe Farman , the British atmospheric physicist who " discovered " the hole in the ozone layer over the Antarctic , has warned that chemicals offered by the chemicals industry as a substitute for ozone-destroying CFCs could be far more damaging than the manufacturers admit .
joe farman , the british atmospheric physicist who " discovered " the hole in the ozone layer over the antarctic , has warned that chemicals offered by the chemicals industry as a [use instead of] for ozone-destroying cfcs could be far more damaging than the manufacturers admit .

Both species are being exploited increasingly as a substitute to whale meat .
both species are being exploited increasingly as a [use instead of] to whale meat .

Japanese develop synthetic ivory substitute
japanese develop synthetic ivory [use instead of]

Large numbers of narwhal are also hunted off the Canadian coast as an ivory substitute .
large numbers of narwhal are also hunted off the canadian coast as an ivory [use instead of] .

2.3 If the Landlord is unable to obtain at a reasonable cost any of the materials referred to in the Building Documents the Landlord may [ ( subject to notifying promptly the Surveyors of its intention to do so ) ] in carrying out the Works substitute for them alternative materials as nearly as may be of the same quality
2.3 if the landlord is unable to obtain at a reasonable cost any of the materials referred to in the building documents the landlord may [ ( subject to notifying promptly the surveyors of its intention to do so ) ] in carrying out the works [use instead of] for them alternative materials as nearly as may be of the same quality

2.4.2 as may be [ reasonably ] required by the Architect provided that no modification shall be made pursuant to this clause 2.4.2 which would substantially alter the design layout nature capacity or standard of construction of the Premises as provided for in the Building Documents or substantially prejudice the use of the Premises for the purpose specified in the Lease It may be preferable to substitute the word `` materially `` for the word `` substantially `` in clause 2.4.2 as the latter suggests that some alteration less than substantial may be permitted but which could result in not inconsequential prejudice occurring to the design or use of the premises .
2.4.2 as may be [ reasonably ] required by the architect provided that no modification shall be made pursuant to this clause 2.4.2 which would substantially alter the design layout nature capacity or standard of construction of the premises as provided for in the building documents or substantially prejudice the use of the premises for the purpose specified in the lease it may be preferable to [use instead of] the word `` materially `` for the word `` substantially `` in clause 2.4.2 as the latter suggests that some alteration less than substantial may be permitted but which could result in not inconsequential prejudice occurring to the design or use of the premises .

It may , therefore , be advisable to delete this clause and substitute the following :
it may , therefore , be advisable to delete this clause and [use instead of] the following :

In the latter case , if there is a provision for the tenant to provide a substitute guarantor on the bankruptcy or liquidation of the original guarantor the landlord should not be too disadvantaged and it would seem reasonable to resist the stringent forfeiture provision .
in the latter case , if there is a provision for the tenant to provide a [use instead of] guarantor on the bankruptcy or liquidation of the original guarantor the landlord should not be too disadvantaged and it would seem reasonable to resist the stringent forfeiture provision .

For instance , clauses restricting liability for late delivery , allowing for variation of the delivery date or tolerances in relation to the quantity to be delivered , clauses enabling the proferens to substitute alternative goods for those ordered , to withhold performance of its obligations or vary the terms of the contract , and force majeure clauses excusing non-performance , or extending the time for performance in the event of circumstances outside the proferens ' control , and possibly even clauses giving one party the right to withhold performance , or terminate the contract , in the event of breach by the other party , are all potentially subject to s3 .
for instance , clauses restricting liability for late delivery , allowing for variation of the delivery date or tolerances in relation to the quantity to be delivered , clauses enabling the proferens to [use instead of] alternative goods for those ordered , to withhold performance of its obligations or vary the terms of the contract , and force majeure clauses excusing non-performance , or extending the time for performance in the event of circumstances outside the proferens ' control , and possibly even clauses giving one party the right to withhold performance , or terminate the contract , in the event of breach by the other party , are all potentially subject to s3 .

8 The guardian ad litem ( a ) Appointment The court has a positive duty to appoint a guardian ad litem in the following proceedings unless satisfied that this is not necessary in order to safeguard the child 's interests ( s41 ) : ( i ) application for a care or supervision order ; ( ii ) direction to investigate under s37 when an interim care order has been made or is under consideration ; ( iii ) application for discharge of a care order ; ( iv ) application for variation or discharge of a supervision order ; ( v ) application to extend a supervision order ; ( vi ) application to substitute a supervision order for a care order ; ( vii ) consideration of a residence order for a child in care ; ( viii ) application relating to contact with a child in care ; ( ix ) proceedings relating to emergency protection and child assessment orders ; ( x ) proceedings relating to secure accommodation orders ; ( xi ) application for leave to change the surname of a child in care ; ( xii ) application for leave to remove a child in care from the United Kingdom for a period exceeding one month ; ( xiii ) application for leave to permit the emigration of a child in care ; ( xiv ) appeal against the making or refusal to make , vary or discharge above orders .
8 the guardian ad litem ( a ) appointment the court has a positive duty to appoint a guardian ad litem in the following proceedings unless satisfied that this is not necessary in order to safeguard the child 's interests ( s41 ) : ( i ) application for a care or supervision order ; ( ii ) direction to investigate under s37 when an interim care order has been made or is under consideration ; ( iii ) application for discharge of a care order ; ( iv ) application for variation or discharge of a supervision order ; ( v ) application to extend a supervision order ; ( vi ) application to [use instead of] a supervision order for a care order ; ( vii ) consideration of a residence order for a child in care ; ( viii ) application relating to contact with a child in care ; ( ix ) proceedings relating to emergency protection and child assessment orders ; ( x ) proceedings relating to secure accommodation orders ; ( xi ) application for leave to change the surname of a child in care ; ( xii ) application for leave to remove a child in care from the united kingdom for a period exceeding one month ; ( xiii ) application for leave to permit the emigration of a child in care ; ( xiv ) appeal against the making or refusal to make , vary or discharge above orders .

Regrettably , the Court of Appeal has no power in such cases to substitute its own award of damages , and the parties were sent away to face the expensive prospect of a fresh trial , which they avoided by agreeing that the damages should be £60,000 .
regrettably , the court of appeal has no power in such cases to [use instead of] its own award of damages , and the parties were sent away to face the expensive prospect of a fresh trial , which they avoided by agreeing that the damages should be £60,000 .

Following a government amendment to the Courts and Legal Services Bill , the Court of Appeal will have greater power to substitute its own award of damages .
following a government amendment to the courts and legal services bill , the court of appeal will have greater power to [use instead of] its own award of damages .

These were `` to utilise Party facilities on the platform , in public conference , and in the Party press , to displace their essential democratic and socialist character and substitute a Policy Programme based upon Communist Party principles `` .
these were `` to utilise party facilities on the platform , in public conference , and in the party press , to displace their essential democratic and socialist character and [use instead of] a policy programme based upon communist party principles `` .

You 've made this programme yours , Fran , and the public would n't be happy to accept a substitute .
you 've made this programme yours , fran , and the public would n't be happy to accept a [use instead of] .

If beverage categories are substitute goods ( and therefore in competition with each other ) the cross-price elasticities will be positive .
if beverage categories are [use instead of] goods ( and therefore in competition with each other ) the cross-price elasticities will be positive .

also leeds-fan tore pedersen made his debut for oldham last night as a substitute .
also leeds-fan tore pedersen made his debut for oldham last night as a [use instead of] .

Since the traditional extended family network seems to be playing less and less of a role in supporting the young parent there may well be a need to substitute this source of information , advice and emotional support .
since the traditional extended family network seems to be playing less and less of a role in supporting the young parent there may well be a need to [use instead of] this source of information , advice and emotional support .

Following the loss of their mother by separation or death , those children who experienced either marked indifference or markedly low control from their fathers or substitute parents were three times more likely to be depressed when interviewed in adulthood than women with no such experiences ( Brown et al .
following the loss of their mother by separation or death , those children who experienced either marked indifference or markedly low control from their fathers or [use instead of] parents were three times more likely to be depressed when interviewed in adulthood than women with no such experiences ( brown et al .

( iii ) Substitute parenting
( iii ) [use instead of] parenting

‘ Well , what is wrong with him , ’ she tells me , ‘ is that because he could n't find heroin he used a substitute .
‘ well , what is wrong with him , ’ she tells me , ‘ is that because he could n't find heroin he used a [use instead of] .

‘ There s no substitute for skill ’ — wise words mate .
‘ there s no [use instead of] for skill ’ — wise words mate .

strength : at the back , substitute Johnsen with Bratseth and that is norway 's starting line-up ( who let in a total of 2 goals in 4 matches vs England and Holland ) .
strength : at the back , [use instead of] johnsen with bratseth and that is norway 's starting line-up ( who let in a total of 2 goals in 4 matches vs england and holland ) .

actually Ronny Johnsen is even an attacker ( as shown in Poland-Norway when he netted as a substitute ) .
actually ronny johnsen is even an attacker ( as shown in poland-norway when he netted as a [use instead of] ) .

Substitute goalkeeper for last season 's visit to Man City .
[use instead of] goalkeeper for last season 's visit to man city .

Made reserve debut three days aftr his 17th birthday and after a substitute appearance at Wimbledon started the Premier League game against the scum in February .
made reserve debut three days aftr his 17th birthday and after a [use instead of] appearance at wimbledon started the premier league game against the scum in february .

The disagreement here is over the substitutability of assets . Are other assets a close substitute for money ? Are non-money assets such as stocks and shares , bonds and property close substitutes for each other ?
the disagreement here is over the substitutability of assets . are other assets a close [use instead of] for money ? are non-money assets such as stocks and shares , bonds and property close substitutes for each other ?

It is thus not a close substitute for financial assets .
it is thus not a close [use instead of] for financial assets .

At the same time monetarists argue that physical goods are a relatively close substitute for financial assets .
at the same time monetarists argue that physical goods are a relatively close [use instead of] for financial assets .

They stress the importance of money as a means of storing wealth , and argue that ( broad ) money is a close substitute for financial assets .
they stress the importance of money as a means of storing wealth , and argue that ( broad ) money is a close [use instead of] for financial assets .

They stress the importance of money as a medium of exchange , and argue that money is not a close substitute for financial assets .
they stress the importance of money as a medium of exchange , and argue that money is not a close [use instead of] for financial assets .

However , you can substitute shop-bought marzipan or almond paste if desired — some addresses of mail-order suppliers are listed on page 118 .
however , you can [use instead of] shop-bought marzipan or almond paste if desired — some addresses of mail-order suppliers are listed on page 118 .

Of course , if you prefer you can substitute a ready-bought cake of the same size , or a cake made to your own favourite recipe .
of course , if you prefer you can [use instead of] a ready-bought cake of the same size , or a cake made to your own favourite recipe .

To save effort you could substitute a bought marzipan frog if liked , or even a plastic toy one .
to save effort you could [use instead of] a bought marzipan frog if liked , or even a plastic toy one .

By the way , Jamie started 5 matches last season ( was substituted in 3 of them ) and came on once as a substitute ( all in the league ) , but no goals .
by the way , jamie started 5 matches last season ( was substituted in 3 of them ) and came on once as a [use instead of] ( all in the league ) , but no goals .

’ Rey ( or a substitute ) is in normal , if excited , action .
’ rey ( or a [use instead of] ) is in normal , if excited , action .

The conclusion kept her tossing and turning in despair for hours , the sound of traffic in the High Street a poor substitute for the lulling boom of the sea round Gullholm .
the conclusion kept her tossing and turning in despair for hours , the sound of traffic in the high street a poor [use instead of] for the lulling boom of the sea round gullholm .

If it will not be possible to substitute hard copy for electronic mail , will this premise eventually be extended to all electronic information/data either by the courts or by legislation .
if it will not be possible to [use instead of] hard copy for electronic mail , will this premise eventually be extended to all electronic information/data either by the courts or by legislation .

( The third effect should strictly speaking be regarded as a substitute for the first since it assumes a zero , or at least a very low , interest elasticity of the demand for money whereas the Keynes effect assumes that it is reasonably powerful . )
( the third effect should strictly speaking be regarded as a [use instead of] for the first since it assumes a zero , or at least a very low , interest elasticity of the demand for money whereas the keynes effect assumes that it is reasonably powerful . )

Many prominent Keynesians have sought to replace the simple formulation and substitute in its place a set of equilibrium relationships between stocks ( e.g .
many prominent keynesians have sought to replace the simple formulation and [use instead of] in its place a set of equilibrium relationships between stocks ( e.g .

This would include a sum , if necessary , for any board and lodging provided for the substitute housekeeper .
this would include a sum , if necessary , for any board and lodging provided for the [use instead of] housekeeper .

( f ) The new partnership agreement Whilst agreements on particular matters should be set down in writing as soon as they have been concluded , that should not be regarded as an adequate substitute for a properly drafted partnership agreement for the new firm to be in place from the outset of business .
( f ) the new partnership agreement whilst agreements on particular matters should be set down in writing as soon as they have been concluded , that should not be regarded as an adequate [use instead of] for a properly drafted partnership agreement for the new firm to be in place from the outset of business .

All too frequently the merger agreement ( which may itself comprise little more than random heads of agreement born of their production by separate teams working on specific issues ) will be relied upon as a sufficient substitute .
all too frequently the merger agreement ( which may itself comprise little more than random heads of agreement born of their production by separate teams working on specific issues ) will be relied upon as a sufficient [use instead of] .

Kessler added that his administration was committed to `` integrated pest management `` : farming methods that substitute the use of beneficial insects and crop rotation for some pesticides .
kessler added that his administration was committed to `` integrated pest management `` : farming methods that [use instead of] the use of beneficial insects and crop rotation for some pesticides .

The meeting agreed that solar energy held great potential for third world countries , particularly as a substitute for fast-depleting fuelwood stocks .
the meeting agreed that solar energy held great potential for third world countries , particularly as a [use instead of] for fast-depleting fuelwood stocks .

The two electricity-generating companies , National Power and PowerGen , are planning to substitute orimulsion for other fuels at two or more power stations .
the two electricity-generating companies , national power and powergen , are planning to [use instead of] orimulsion for other fuels at two or more power stations .

The Tanzanian Wildlife Department is negotiating a contract with a Botswana company for the annual culling of 2,000 hippopotamuses in order to harvest their canine and incisor teeth , which can be used as an ivory substitute .
the tanzanian wildlife department is negotiating a contract with a botswana company for the annual culling of 2,000 hippopotamuses in order to harvest their canine and incisor teeth , which can be used as an ivory [use instead of] .

The Chilean government is to allow landowners to substitute a quarter of native forest with plantations of introduced species .
the chilean government is to allow landowners to [use instead of] a quarter of native forest with plantations of introduced species .

Parliament itself could substitute an act for an earlier one .
parliament itself could [use instead of] an act for an earlier one .

This consists of a set of rules expressing the author 's intention that readers construct a discourse situation taking place in a non-actual reference world , and involving a `` substitute speaker `` and a `` substitute hearer `` ( Chapter 4 ) .
this consists of a set of rules expressing the author 's intention that readers construct a discourse situation taking place in a non-actual reference world , and involving a `` [use instead of] speaker `` and a `` [use instead of] hearer `` ( chapter 4 ) .

Another concern we have is that special employment and training measures , ( now catering for over 31,000 people in the North ) , have become a substitute for jobs — a way of reducing the official unemployment statistics and complementing the massive statistical fraud which those figures now represent .
another concern we have is that special employment and training measures , ( now catering for over 31,000 people in the north ) , have become a [use instead of] for jobs — a way of reducing the official unemployment statistics and complementing the massive statistical fraud which those figures now represent .

Tyrannosaurus rex substitute or overgrown goose — which was it ?
tyrannosaurus rex [use instead of] or overgrown goose — which was it ?

The one can not be made a substitute for the other ; indeed , any failure in right conduct inevitably brings about a downfall in right beliefs . ``
the one can not be made a [use instead of] for the other ; indeed , any failure in right conduct inevitably brings about a downfall in right beliefs . ``

Man is a satisfactory substitute until his noise causes disturbance and leads to his destruction in the flood ( see Flood Stories ) .
man is a satisfactory [use instead of] until his noise causes disturbance and leads to his destruction in the flood ( see flood stories ) .

Much is lost in Bible reading if we forget to look beyond the substitute word to the personal , intimate name of God himself .
much is lost in bible reading if we forget to look beyond the [use instead of] word to the personal , intimate name of god himself .

But God in his mercy showed them that he would accept a substitute — the death of an animal , perfect and blameless , instead of the offender .
but god in his mercy showed them that he would accept a [use instead of] — the death of an animal , perfect and blameless , instead of the offender .

The flowing blood was the symbol and proof that life had been taken in payment for the sins of the guilty and as a substitute for his own guilt-stained life .
the flowing blood was the symbol and proof that life had been taken in payment for the sins of the guilty and as a [use instead of] for his own guilt-stained life .

The second decision , personally negotiated by Macmillan at Nassau , was to substitute the submarine-launched Polaris missile for Skybolt .
the second decision , personally negotiated by macmillan at nassau , was to [use instead of] the submarine-launched polaris missile for skybolt .

Duff Cooper , an improbable standard-bearer , for he had acclaimed the victory of the independent candidate in Paddington and his wife was a close friend of Beaverbrook , offered himself as a knightly substitute ; and Baldwin , who did not want to sever his connection with Bewdley , accepted gratefully .
duff cooper , an improbable standard-bearer , for he had acclaimed the victory of the independent candidate in paddington and his wife was a close friend of beaverbrook , offered himself as a knightly [use instead of] ; and baldwin , who did not want to sever his connection with bewdley , accepted gratefully .

But as the figure mounted still further , as it became abundantly clear that the Cabinet was barren of remedy , as the harsh eloquence of Oswald Mosley 's attacks damaged without moving the Government from which he had recently resigned , so comforting oratory became less of a substitute for action .
but as the figure mounted still further , as it became abundantly clear that the cabinet was barren of remedy , as the harsh eloquence of oswald mosley 's attacks damaged without moving the government from which he had recently resigned , so comforting oratory became less of a [use instead of] for action .

They contrast his intention to supersede capitalists and managers by the elected representatives of voluntary and sectional associations of producers with ‘ the modern Socialist proposal to substitute the officials of the Municipality or State ’ which would , they recognise , have been ‘ unthinkable at a period when all local governing bodies were notoriously inefficient and corrupt and Parliament practically an oligarchy ’ .
they contrast his intention to supersede capitalists and managers by the elected representatives of voluntary and sectional associations of producers with ‘ the modern socialist proposal to [use instead of] the officials of the municipality or state ’ which would , they recognise , have been ‘ unthinkable at a period when all local governing bodies were notoriously inefficient and corrupt and parliament practically an oligarchy ’ .

This early relationship with the mother ( or , if she takes position early enough , the substitute mother ) paves the way for the relationships which follow .
this early relationship with the mother ( or , if she takes position early enough , the [use instead of] mother ) paves the way for the relationships which follow .

Perhaps equally , the parent who sees himself or herself as `` bad `` may seek atonement or solace in becoming the `` good `` child — and accepting the ministrations of a substitute parent .
perhaps equally , the parent who sees himself or herself as `` bad `` may seek atonement or solace in becoming the `` good `` child — and accepting the ministrations of a [use instead of] parent .

The Commission 's Report also suggested that the `` commercial `` side at Stockport should be expanded , but this was only partially acted upon , when in 1869 Greek was made a voluntary subject and Natural Philosophy was introduced as a substitute for Pure Mathematics .
the commission 's report also suggested that the `` commercial `` side at stockport should be expanded , but this was only partially acted upon , when in 1869 greek was made a voluntary subject and natural philosophy was introduced as a [use instead of] for pure mathematics .

1883 began in crisis , for Hamilton was taken seriously ill , and the Governors had to make special arrangements , both to have the School opened for the beginning of term and to arrange a substitute master .
1883 began in crisis , for hamilton was taken seriously ill , and the governors had to make special arrangements , both to have the school opened for the beginning of term and to arrange a [use instead of] master .

What sort of use is made of cross-reference by pronouns ( she , it , they , etc ) ? by substitute forms ( do , so , etc ) , or ellipsis ? Alternatively , is any use made of elegant variation — the avoidance of repetition by the substitution of a descriptive phrase ( as , for example , " the old lawyer " or " her uncle " may substitute for the repetition of an earlier " Mr Jones " ) ?
what sort of use is made of cross-reference by pronouns ( she , it , they , etc ) ? by [use instead of] forms ( do , so , etc ) , or ellipsis ? alternatively , is any use made of elegant variation — the avoidance of repetition by the substitution of a descriptive phrase ( as , for example , " the old lawyer " or " her uncle " may [use instead of] for the repetition of an earlier " mr jones " ) ?

In other words , money is no substitute for management .
in other words , money is no [use instead of] for management .

Sub-contracting is often a substitute for poor management .
sub-contracting is often a [use instead of] for poor management .

At worst , they become a time-consuming bureaucratic substitute for the real thing .
at worst , they become a time-consuming bureaucratic [use instead of] for the real thing .

There were fears that it was intended to remove him and substitute someone more acquiescent .
there were fears that it was intended to remove him and [use instead of] someone more acquiescent .

If a player 's fitness falls below 75 % his performance is impaired — you may need to substitute him .
if a player 's fitness falls below 75 % his performance is impaired — you may need to [use instead of] him .

David Gower survives a caught-behind appeal off Mushtaq , provoking substitute Rashid Latif ( centre , in cap ) into a dash down the length of the pitch , where he hurled his cap to the ground . His actions earned him a £115 fine
david gower survives a caught-behind appeal off mushtaq , provoking [use instead of] rashid latif ( centre , in cap ) into a dash down the length of the pitch , where he hurled his cap to the ground . his actions earned him a £115 fine

Gower , when 7 , was given not-out to a caught-behind appeal against Mushtaq , and substitute Rashid Latif suddenly took off down the middle of the pitch like some Keystone Kop , arms waving , perhaps stung by a bee or heavily influenced by a certain West Indies captain who patented an onfield war-dance .
gower , when 7 , was given not-out to a caught-behind appeal against mushtaq , and [use instead of] rashid latif suddenly took off down the middle of the pitch like some keystone kop , arms waving , perhaps stung by a bee or heavily influenced by a certain west indies captain who patented an onfield war-dance .

The first relates to the power of the court : in appeal proceedings the court has the power to substitute its decision on the matters in issue for that of the body appealed from .
the first relates to the power of the court : in appeal proceedings the court has the power to [use instead of] its decision on the matters in issue for that of the body appealed from .

On the other hand , remedial discretion should not be seen as a substitute for defining the grounds of judicial review more carefully and narrowly .
on the other hand , remedial discretion should not be seen as a [use instead of] for defining the grounds of judicial review more carefully and narrowly .

One of the characteristics of judicial review is that the supervising court does not substitute its decision for that of the public authority ; rather it leaves it to the body to make good its illegal behaviour by making a fresh decision which complies with the requirements of the law .
one of the characteristics of judicial review is that the supervising court does not [use instead of] its decision for that of the public authority ; rather it leaves it to the body to make good its illegal behaviour by making a fresh decision which complies with the requirements of the law .

To award damages , on the other hand , is in a sense to substitute a decision for that of the public authority .
to award damages , on the other hand , is in a sense to [use instead of] a decision for that of the public authority .

Yet it is an objective standard which the directors themselves define , and not one that is imposed upon them by the courts , who regard it as illegitimate to substitute their own view of what constitutes the best interests of the company or the shareholders for that of the directors of the company .
yet it is an objective standard which the directors themselves define , and not one that is imposed upon them by the courts , who regard it as illegitimate to [use instead of] their own view of what constitutes the best interests of the company or the shareholders for that of the directors of the company .

Hence they will not substitute their views as to the proper management of a company but they are prepared to articulate standards of review which are designed to catch self-dealing on the part of managers .
hence they will not [use instead of] their views as to the proper management of a company but they are prepared to articulate standards of review which are designed to catch self-dealing on the part of managers .

Ultimately , therefore , such academics abandon the rigorous analysis of the current content of criminal law and substitute criticism for legal exposition .
ultimately , therefore , such academics abandon the rigorous analysis of the current content of criminal law and [use instead of] criticism for legal exposition .

In the interviews housewives sometimes expressed dissatisfaction with the aids and amenities they had , and a desire to replace them with ‘ better ’ ones : to substitute a fitted carpet for loose rugs , a stainless steel sink for a vitreous enamel one , an inside lavatory for an outside one .
in the interviews housewives sometimes expressed dissatisfaction with the aids and amenities they had , and a desire to replace them with ‘ better ’ ones : to [use instead of] a fitted carpet for loose rugs , a stainless steel sink for a vitreous enamel one , an inside lavatory for an outside one .

In these instances loans or substitute gifts may be considered .
in these instances loans or [use instead of] gifts may be considered .

Thus , supposing this product is a substitute for the others , an increase in its output will shift the demand curves for the other products inward .
thus , supposing this product is a [use instead of] for the others , an increase in its output will shift the demand curves for the other products inward .

To the chagrin of rationalists such as John Stuart Mill , the family , not the individual , was regarded as the basic unit of society and increasingly a substitute for lost faith , so that even positivists like Frederic Harrison , who rejected supernatural religions , supported an almost Catholic orthodoxy of marriage as the gateway to family responsibility .
to the chagrin of rationalists such as john stuart mill , the family , not the individual , was regarded as the basic unit of society and increasingly a [use instead of] for lost faith , so that even positivists like frederic harrison , who rejected supernatural religions , supported an almost catholic orthodoxy of marriage as the gateway to family responsibility .

Lower-paid , unskilled and casual male workers joined , when they could , the only substitute for a Friendly Society open to them — an annual ‘ dividing-up ’ club , ‘ slate club ’ or ‘ tontine ’ — the name varied regionally .
lower-paid , unskilled and casual male workers joined , when they could , the only [use instead of] for a friendly society open to them — an annual ‘ dividing-up ’ club , ‘ slate club ’ or ‘ tontine ’ — the name varied regionally .

— ‘ substitute pleasure , in the shape of a good boiled sweet ’ .
— ‘ [use instead of] pleasure , in the shape of a good boiled sweet ’ .

During recent years , demand has been building up for greatly increased facilities for full-time substitute care .
during recent years , demand has been building up for greatly increased facilities for full-time [use instead of] care .

The use of visual aids can be helpful to your talk but they are an aid and should not substitute for what you intend to say .
the use of visual aids can be helpful to your talk but they are an aid and should not [use instead of] for what you intend to say .

These substitute for a talk and should be used sparingly .
these [use instead of] for a talk and should be used sparingly .

Whenever scientific rhetoric assumed the form of a counterreligion , it could easily become a substitute religion , as it began to do in France during the revolutionary era .
whenever scientific rhetoric assumed the form of a counterreligion , it could easily become a [use instead of] religion , as it began to do in france during the revolutionary era .

No amount of theologizing could be a substitute for mathematical analysis .
no amount of theologizing could be a [use instead of] for mathematical analysis .

On such a reference , the Court of Appeal may quash the sentence , or substitute such sentence as it thinks appropriate within the limits permitted to the court below .
on such a reference , the court of appeal may quash the sentence , or [use instead of] such sentence as it thinks appropriate within the limits permitted to the court below .

If the death penalty were abolished it would be possible either to substitute a fixed penalty of imprisonment for life or to give the Judge discretion to pass sentence of any term up to imprisonment for life .
if the death penalty were abolished it would be possible either to [use instead of] a fixed penalty of imprisonment for life or to give the judge discretion to pass sentence of any term up to imprisonment for life .

Expressing disappointment at the decision to dissolve the Royal Commission , for which the new Advisory Council would be no substitute , Heath contended that such a serious outcome could have been avoided if , after the resignation of the initial six members , the Prime Minister or the Home Secretary had said firmly that they would appoint others to take their place .
expressing disappointment at the decision to dissolve the royal commission , for which the new advisory council would be no [use instead of] , heath contended that such a serious outcome could have been avoided if , after the resignation of the initial six members , the prime minister or the home secretary had said firmly that they would appoint others to take their place .

There is no substitute for adequate training , instruction and supervision .
there is no [use instead of] for adequate training , instruction and supervision .

Drugs are no substitute for a social support network , but social support alone is not always enough .
drugs are no [use instead of] for a social support network , but social support alone is not always enough .

There is no substitute for knowledge and above all the reception staff must have a complete knowledge of the product they are selling if they are going to sell effectively .
there is no [use instead of] for knowledge and above all the reception staff must have a complete knowledge of the product they are selling if they are going to sell effectively .

Discuss the statement ‘ there is no substitute for product knowledge ’ , relating it to the receptionist as a salesperson .
discuss the statement ‘ there is no [use instead of] for product knowledge ’ , relating it to the receptionist as a salesperson .

The cardiotocography machine must certainly not be used as a poor substitute for midwifery care , nor should a shortage of midwives be used as an argument for a policy of continuous cardiotocography .
the cardiotocography machine must certainly not be used as a poor [use instead of] for midwifery care , nor should a shortage of midwives be used as an argument for a policy of continuous cardiotocography .

This work has made a great contribution to our understanding of the subject , although the structural diversity of port wine stains confounds the best attempts at mathematical modelling and there is no substitute for good clinical assessments and comparisons of different laser systems .
this work has made a great contribution to our understanding of the subject , although the structural diversity of port wine stains confounds the best attempts at mathematical modelling and there is no [use instead of] for good clinical assessments and comparisons of different laser systems .

Substitutability Can we substitute the position or function with other positions or functions ? Can we sub-contract the work ? Dependency is lost if the answer , to either question , is yes .
substitutability can we [use instead of] the position or function with other positions or functions ? can we sub-contract the work ? dependency is lost if the answer , to either question , is yes .

This resolution was offered as a substitute for that reported out by the Budget Committee , and if accepted would give the president virtually all the cuts he had asked for .
this resolution was offered as a [use instead of] for that reported out by the budget committee , and if accepted would give the president virtually all the cuts he had asked for .

On the same day , the House voted on whether to adopt an administration-backed bill in place of that sponsored by Ways and Means with Rostenkowski warning : ‘ If we accept the President 's substitute , we accept his dominance of our house for the months ahead .
on the same day , the house voted on whether to adopt an administration-backed bill in place of that sponsored by ways and means with rostenkowski warning : ‘ if we accept the president 's [use instead of] , we accept his dominance of our house for the months ahead .

Bread substitute and amino acid supplement ( 10 mg as orange flavoured drink containing minerals and vitamins ) are virtually protein free and prescribable for phenylketonuria .
bread [use instead of] and amino acid supplement ( 10 mg as orange flavoured drink containing minerals and vitamins ) are virtually protein free and prescribable for phenylketonuria .

Thorough understanding of the impact of visual presentations is not a normal part of training of teachers and other academics , and care is needed to ensure that the effect in the classroom is actually what was intended ; there is no substitute for classroom experiment in this area .
thorough understanding of the impact of visual presentations is not a normal part of training of teachers and other academics , and care is needed to ensure that the effect in the classroom is actually what was intended ; there is no [use instead of] for classroom experiment in this area .

At its most conventional , the use of word pairs is a substitute for creative poetic activity , whereas the parallelism of greater precision is a subtle relationship between or among the lines of poetry that can only be designed in by a relatively sophisticated artist .
at its most conventional , the use of word pairs is a [use instead of] for creative poetic activity , whereas the parallelism of greater precision is a subtle relationship between or among the lines of poetry that can only be designed in by a relatively sophisticated artist .

At half time you can change your tactics and bring on a substitute .
at half time you can change your tactics and bring on a [use instead of] .

If it is accepted that representative or indirect democracy is at best an inadequate substitute for personal participation , and that everything possible should be done to ensure that the views and wishes of the people are represented as accurately as possible within such a system , it must surely follow that representation should be in proportion to the weight of opinion in the society itself .
if it is accepted that representative or indirect democracy is at best an inadequate [use instead of] for personal participation , and that everything possible should be done to ensure that the views and wishes of the people are represented as accurately as possible within such a system , it must surely follow that representation should be in proportion to the weight of opinion in the society itself .

Substitute numbers in a simple formula expressed in words and evaluate the answer ; e.g .
[use instead of] numbers in a simple formula expressed in words and evaluate the answer ; e.g .

Substitute numbers in a simple formula expressed in words
[use instead of] numbers in a simple formula expressed in words

One thing that can be said in opposition to the simultaneity idea is that if we persist in thinking precisely of causation , of one thing causing another , as distinct from any related kind of connection , we are inclined to try to substitute successions for simultaneities .
one thing that can be said in opposition to the simultaneity idea is that if we persist in thinking precisely of causation , of one thing causing another , as distinct from any related kind of connection , we are inclined to try to [use instead of] successions for simultaneities .

Egyptian references maintain that the whole body was recovered , but Plutarch says that the penis had been eaten by a Nile fish and through her magic Isis had to create a substitute .
egyptian references maintain that the whole body was recovered , but plutarch says that the penis had been eaten by a nile fish and through her magic isis had to create a [use instead of] .

To attain the life after death the individual required a tomb , `` the house for eternity `` , the preservations of his body or some suitable substitute as his unique identity and material needs of food , drink and so on to ensure continued existence .
to attain the life after death the individual required a tomb , `` the house for eternity `` , the preservations of his body or some suitable [use instead of] as his unique identity and material needs of food , drink and so on to ensure continued existence .

Children need to learn that y is a substitute letter for i at the end of words , and that it likes to change back to i when it can , that is , when there is something after it .
children need to learn that y is a [use instead of] letter for i at the end of words , and that it likes to change back to i when it can , that is , when there is something after it .

Flowered percale is n't much of a substitute for love , but that 's all we can offer . ``
flowered percale is n't much of a [use instead of] for love , but that 's all we can offer . ``

There may be no alternative to leave-of-absence or annual leave but the nurse should be given the opportunity to resolve her difficulty by seeking the help of colleagues who may be prepared to substitute for her at short notice .
there may be no alternative to leave-of-absence or annual leave but the nurse should be given the opportunity to resolve her difficulty by seeking the help of colleagues who may be prepared to [use instead of] for her at short notice .

Having identified staff with dependent relatives and small children , devise methods which will enable them to invite other nurses to substitute for them when crises arise .
having identified staff with dependent relatives and small children , devise methods which will enable them to invite other nurses to [use instead of] for them when crises arise .

In fact where there is a great deal of evidence of use , this could be a substitute for poor employment practice which has failed to take account of matching manpower/patient needs .
in fact where there is a great deal of evidence of use , this could be a [use instead of] for poor employment practice which has failed to take account of matching manpower/patient needs .

Migration and fertility decline are alternative escapes from population pressure in societies sufficiently developed for mortality to be declining ( as in eighteenth century France ) and can to some extent substitute for each other ( Davis 1963 , Friedlander 1983 ) to relieve population pressure ( Woods and Smith 1983 ) .
migration and fertility decline are alternative escapes from population pressure in societies sufficiently developed for mortality to be declining ( as in eighteenth century france ) and can to some extent [use instead of] for each other ( davis 1963 , friedlander 1983 ) to relieve population pressure ( woods and smith 1983 ) .

Even granting that theory is involved in applying concepts like ‘ money supply ’ and ‘ inflation ’ , and that there is room for dispute about which is prior to which , there is no substitute for observation .
even granting that theory is involved in applying concepts like ‘ money supply ’ and ‘ inflation ’ , and that there is room for dispute about which is prior to which , there is no [use instead of] for observation .

In his monumental opus Terra Nostra — certainly one of the dozen or so most important novels to be published in any language since the Second World War — the respected Mexican novelist Carlos Fuentes depicted Jesus as surviving the Cross by means of fraudulent crucifixion involving a substitute .
in his monumental opus terra nostra — certainly one of the dozen or so most important novels to be published in any language since the second world war — the respected mexican novelist carlos fuentes depicted jesus as surviving the cross by means of fraudulent crucifixion involving a [use instead of] .

But it is certainly possible , at least , that he survived the Cross — if , indeed , it was he who was on it in the first place , rather than the substitute claimed by the Koran and by many early heresies .
but it is certainly possible , at least , that he survived the cross — if , indeed , it was he who was on it in the first place , rather than the [use instead of] claimed by the koran and by many early heresies .

The extra money balances are therefore available as a direct form of wealth holding , or else they can be used to purchase those financial assets which are a close substitute .
the extra money balances are therefore available as a direct form of wealth holding , or else they can be used to purchase those financial assets which are a close [use instead of] .

Thus the demand for money is seen to depend upon the relative yield or attraction of money and a wide range of other assets , and so ‘ money ’ is taken to be an equal substitute for all these other types of assets .
thus the demand for money is seen to depend upon the relative yield or attraction of money and a wide range of other assets , and so ‘ money ’ is taken to be an equal [use instead of] for all these other types of assets .

However , the basic argument of the monetarist is that money is a unique asset which is not a close substitute for any particular range of assets , but instead is a substitute for all assets both real and financial .
however , the basic argument of the monetarist is that money is a unique asset which is not a close [use instead of] for any particular range of assets , but instead is a [use instead of] for all assets both real and financial .

Thus the substitutability of money for other assets is one crucial area of difference between the Keynesians and monetarists : whereas the former argue that money is a close substitute for financial assets , the latter claim that money is a substitute for all assets .
thus the substitutability of money for other assets is one crucial area of difference between the keynesians and monetarists : whereas the former argue that money is a close [use instead of] for financial assets , the latter claim that money is a [use instead of] for all assets .

One difference between the two views is that Keynesians believe money is a close substitute for financial assets , whereas the monetarists argue that money is not a particularly close substitute for any specific range of assets .
one difference between the two views is that keynesians believe money is a close [use instead of] for financial assets , whereas the monetarists argue that money is not a particularly close [use instead of] for any specific range of assets .

The Keynesians would therefore expect a close relationship between the demand for money and the yield ( rate of interest ) on near-money substitutes , but the monetarist would not expect a significant relationship because of the belief that money is a substitute for all assets alike .
the keynesians would therefore expect a close relationship between the demand for money and the yield ( rate of interest ) on near-money substitutes , but the monetarist would not expect a significant relationship because of the belief that money is a [use instead of] for all assets alike .

The assumption that money is a substitute for all assets , both real and financial , leads the monetarists to conclude that an increase in the money supply brings about directly an increase in prices as a consequence of increased purchases of all types of assets .
the assumption that money is a [use instead of] for all assets , both real and financial , leads the monetarists to conclude that an increase in the money supply brings about directly an increase in prices as a consequence of increased purchases of all types of assets .

The Keynesians argue that money is a close substitute for financial assets , so they see an increase in the money supply resulting in an increase in the price of financial assets and a fall in the yield received .
the keynesians argue that money is a close [use instead of] for financial assets , so they see an increase in the money supply resulting in an increase in the price of financial assets and a fall in the yield received .

In contrast , the monetarists argue that money is a substitute for all assets , so they see an increase in the money supply resulting in an increase in prices in general , not just in the price of financial assets .
in contrast , the monetarists argue that money is a [use instead of] for all assets , so they see an increase in the money supply resulting in an increase in prices in general , not just in the price of financial assets .

We have seen earlier that the banks were able to substitute other liquid assets ( money at call , commercial bills ) as the supply of Treasury bills contracted .
we have seen earlier that the banks were able to [use instead of] other liquid assets ( money at call , commercial bills ) as the supply of treasury bills contracted .

Finally we asked for a change in the wording of supplementary benefit law which would abolish the term ‘ cohabitation ’ , with its sexual connotations , and substitute what seemed the more decent and objective phrase , ‘ living together as husband and wife ’ .
finally we asked for a change in the wording of supplementary benefit law which would abolish the term ‘ cohabitation ’ , with its sexual connotations , and [use instead of] what seemed the more decent and objective phrase , ‘ living together as husband and wife ’ .

Adults who prefer sex with animals may be returning to the stage when there was little distinction between humans and animals , and use an animal as a substitute for sexual relations with a parent .
adults who prefer sex with animals may be returning to the stage when there was little distinction between humans and animals , and use an animal as a [use instead of] for sexual relations with a parent .

In Western society , adults may play with money as an acceptable substitute for the unconscious desire to play with faeces .
in western society , adults may play with money as an acceptable [use instead of] for the unconscious desire to play with faeces .

Societies in which people saw gold as precious would give gold as a gift to a loved person , and in our culture money is a substitute for gold , which is , in turn , a symbolic substitution for the first gift — faeces .
societies in which people saw gold as precious would give gold as a gift to a loved person , and in our culture money is a [use instead of] for gold , which is , in turn , a symbolic substitution for the first gift — faeces .

Adult women can attain the aim of possessing a penis through giving birth — a child is a substitute for a penis , also confused with faeces .
adult women can attain the aim of possessing a penis through giving birth — a child is a [use instead of] for a penis , also confused with faeces .

Her wish is now to have a baby from him , the baby becoming the substitute for the penis .
her wish is now to have a baby from him , the baby becoming the [use instead of] for the penis .

That which he projects ahead of him as his ideal is merely his substitute for the lost narcissism of his childhood — the time when he was his own ideal .
that which he projects ahead of him as his ideal is merely his [use instead of] for the lost narcissism of his childhood — the time when he was his own ideal .

They , in turn , love one another , because they are each loved by the same elder brother , or substitute father figure .
they , in turn , love one another , because they are each loved by the same elder brother , or [use instead of] father figure .

The ego introjects the object which is lost or renounced as a substitute for the object .
the ego introjects the object which is lost or renounced as a [use instead of] for the object .

Sometimes the deed is a substitute for thought , and so it is likely that there was a primal crime ; they did actually kill the father and devour him .
sometimes the deed is a [use instead of] for thought , and so it is likely that there was a primal crime ; they did actually kill the father and devour him .

February 4 , 1984 was the date when then Town boss Bobby Ferguson sent Dozzell on as a substitute for the injured Eric Gates in a home First Division game with Coventry City at Portman Road .
february 4 , 1984 was the date when then town boss bobby ferguson sent dozzell on as a [use instead of] for the injured eric gates in a home first division game with coventry city at portman road .

Andy Partner appeared as a second half substitute for fellow youth team centre-half Paul Flowers , but it was second substitute Steve Ball who was quickest into the action .
andy partner appeared as a second half [use instead of] for fellow youth team centre-half paul flowers , but it was second [use instead of] steve ball who was quickest into the action .

Cornelissen make a reasonable substitute but other commercial manufacturers , such as Pelikan , offer it too .
cornelissen make a reasonable [use instead of] but other commercial manufacturers , such as pelikan , offer it too .

If you can not find a good substitute , try using prepared ‘ sepia ’ watercolour , diluted with water , or use Mars brown dark pigment , which is easy to prepare with gum water for brush wash drawing .
if you can not find a good [use instead of] , try using prepared ‘ sepia ’ watercolour , diluted with water , or use mars brown dark pigment , which is easy to prepare with gum water for brush wash drawing .

Bob Hendrie came on a substitute .
bob hendrie came on a [use instead of] .

substitute low-fat spread for butter or margarine
[use instead of] low-fat spread for butter or margarine

After the Union of the Crowns of Scotland and England in 1603 , and because the country now had an absent sovereign , the symbols of majesty became a substitute and took on an extra significance .
after the union of the crowns of scotland and england in 1603 , and because the country now had an absent sovereign , the symbols of majesty became a [use instead of] and took on an extra significance .

The bones are first modified and altered to conform to the skeletal dimensions of the body , which is then built up from the inside outwards using organic substitute flesh .
the bones are first modified and altered to conform to the skeletal dimensions of the body , which is then built up from the inside outwards using organic [use instead of] flesh .

Council was doubtful , however , if a system of internal validition could ever be a complete substitute for a system of external validation ’ .
council was doubtful , however , if a system of internal validition could ever be a complete [use instead of] for a system of external validation ’ .

It is clear that , on the most fundamental level , the ability to substitute a thought conveyed in linguistic terms for an action or a thing is an absolutely basic ingredient of the ego 's functioning : it is the key to the ego 's ability to distance itself from the immediate demands of the id and its drives and to evolve higher , more abstract thought-processes than those available to an animal , no matter how intelligent , which lacks the power of speech .
it is clear that , on the most fundamental level , the ability to [use instead of] a thought conveyed in linguistic terms for an action or a thing is an absolutely basic ingredient of the ego 's functioning : it is the key to the ego 's ability to distance itself from the immediate demands of the id and its drives and to evolve higher , more abstract thought-processes than those available to an animal , no matter how intelligent , which lacks the power of speech .

At the same time , my own researches into the origins of agriculture suggest that the women who were responsible for the discovery and early development of cultivation were motivated by drives of a masculine , aggressive kind and were unlikely to tolerate lengthy breast-feeding and the demands of selfless child-care but also , like their modern equivalents , tended to develop strong narcissistic identifications with their male children ( the masculine woman 's substitute penis ) .
at the same time , my own researches into the origins of agriculture suggest that the women who were responsible for the discovery and early development of cultivation were motivated by drives of a masculine , aggressive kind and were unlikely to tolerate lengthy breast-feeding and the demands of selfless child-care but also , like their modern equivalents , tended to develop strong narcissistic identifications with their male children ( the masculine woman 's [use instead of] penis ) .

Finally , it is worth noting Engle 's remark that the horse on which the Amazon warrior rode into battle represented ‘ a substitute for the phallic power which she envied ’ and ‘ made her feel like a man ’ .
finally , it is worth noting engle 's remark that the horse on which the amazon warrior rode into battle represented ‘ a [use instead of] for the phallic power which she envied ’ and ‘ made her feel like a man ’ .

If the all-provident mother of the hunter-gatherer societies had been lost with the coming of agriculture and weaning so that a divine substitute had had to be found in heaven in the shape of the mother-goddess , then eventually a real , human substitute had been found on earth in the person of the all-powerful emperor or king whose granaries could supply in reality what the opulent breasts of the divine mother promised in phantasy — namely , reassurance against oral anxiety and the fear of hunger .
if the all-provident mother of the hunter-gatherer societies had been lost with the coming of agriculture and weaning so that a divine [use instead of] had had to be found in heaven in the shape of the mother-goddess , then eventually a real , human [use instead of] had been found on earth in the person of the all-powerful emperor or king whose granaries could supply in reality what the opulent breasts of the divine mother promised in phantasy — namely , reassurance against oral anxiety and the fear of hunger .

The result is restlessness , discontent , depressive moods , craving for substitute satisfactions .
the result is restlessness , discontent , depressive moods , craving for [use instead of] satisfactions .

The apparatus of royal executive power at the centre was a substitute for feudal domination at village level .
the apparatus of royal executive power at the centre was a [use instead of] for feudal domination at village level .

Formal goals may be displaced by informal and incompatible goals that reflect the interests of members who happen to be in a position to substitute their goals for those of ‘ the organization ’ .
formal goals may be displaced by informal and incompatible goals that reflect the interests of members who happen to be in a position to [use instead of] their goals for those of ‘ the organization ’ .

However , if an appropriate substitute can be found by the organisation concerned or from the College 's waiting list , the claim to a forfeited fee would be waived .
however , if an appropriate [use instead of] can be found by the organisation concerned or from the college 's waiting list , the claim to a forfeited fee would be waived .

Education must be an adjunct to rather than a substitute for psychotherapy , but it is worthwhile if it does no more than alert the patient to the dangers of behaviours such as laxative misuse .
education must be an adjunct to rather than a [use instead of] for psychotherapy , but it is worthwhile if it does no more than alert the patient to the dangers of behaviours such as laxative misuse .

As a rule , though , experience has shown that in the case of modules containing program code , the description lines should be used to describe the purpose of the code and not as a substitute for good in-line comments .
as a rule , though , experience has shown that in the case of modules containing program code , the description lines should be used to describe the purpose of the code and not as a [use instead of] for good in-line comments .

‘ Resurrection Joe ’ is their finest moment , yoking substitute drummer Rat Scabies ' pummel-vision stickstorm to a mash of brawny guitars , and a vocal performance of pelvis-grinding intensity .
‘ resurrection joe ’ is their finest moment , yoking [use instead of] drummer rat scabies ' pummel-vision stickstorm to a mash of brawny guitars , and a vocal performance of pelvis-grinding intensity .

The partial pressure of component a is given by the ideal gas equation as If we repeat this for all the components and substitute these expressions into equation ( 7 ) we obtain By combining equations ( 8 ) and ( 9 ) we obtain The quantity is known as the mole fraction of component a .
the partial pressure of component a is given by the ideal gas equation as if we repeat this for all the components and [use instead of] these expressions into equation ( 7 ) we obtain by combining equations ( 8 ) and ( 9 ) we obtain the quantity is known as the mole fraction of component a .

Charcoal can also substitute for fossil fuels , which in some places is an urgent need .
charcoal can also [use instead of] for fossil fuels , which in some places is an urgent need .

The change in enthalpy that occurs when a process is carried out at constant pressure is given by We can substitute equation ( 3 ) into this equation to get : where qP is the heat absorbed by the system when the pressure of the system is constant .
the change in enthalpy that occurs when a process is carried out at constant pressure is given by we can [use instead of] equation ( 3 ) into this equation to get : where qp is the heat absorbed by the system when the pressure of the system is constant .

Workers on strike would not be paid , but would receive social security benefits , and employers would be prevented from recruiting substitute labour during a strike .
workers on strike would not be paid , but would receive social security benefits , and employers would be prevented from recruiting [use instead of] labour during a strike .

The search for spirituality can become diverted also into cults or fascination with the occult , and if it avoids these dangers it can become simply another form of aesthetic experience and move away from the major religious traditions , so that the arts become a kind of substitute for religion .
the search for spirituality can become diverted also into cults or fascination with the occult , and if it avoids these dangers it can become simply another form of aesthetic experience and move away from the major religious traditions , so that the arts become a kind of [use instead of] for religion .

As Edward Hulmes quoted in his book in this series , Education and Cultural Diversity : The great teachers of religion have always had to get rid of the useless lumber which accumulates in its progress — the rigid dogmatism , the narrow legalism , the mechanical rites , the silly superstitions which may become a substitute for religious life .
as edward hulmes quoted in his book in this series , education and cultural diversity : the great teachers of religion have always had to get rid of the useless lumber which accumulates in its progress — the rigid dogmatism , the narrow legalism , the mechanical rites , the silly superstitions which may become a [use instead of] for religious life .

The occasional discussion period , in which pupils express their current level of thinking about God , is no substitute for study in depth of how religious people understand `` God `` , why they do , and whether they are justified in so doing .
the occasional discussion period , in which pupils express their current level of thinking about god , is no [use instead of] for study in depth of how religious people understand `` god `` , why they do , and whether they are justified in so doing .

But substitute something like modern art , or even more so religion , and the repercussions of positive or negative statements on the people who do it are likely to be considerably greater .
but [use instead of] something like modern art , or even more so religion , and the repercussions of positive or negative statements on the people who do it are likely to be considerably greater .

For art , substitute science , languages , history and all the other curriculum areas including religion .
for art , [use instead of] science , languages , history and all the other curriculum areas including religion .

It is doubtful , indeed , whether the difficulties it faced in 1861 and 1862 were as great as they look , and it is highly unlikely that the tsar decided in 1861 to substitute conservatives for reformers at the heart of the imperial administration .
it is doubtful , indeed , whether the difficulties it faced in 1861 and 1862 were as great as they look , and it is highly unlikely that the tsar decided in 1861 to [use instead of] conservatives for reformers at the heart of the imperial administration .

The study of origins and influences is no substitute for looking directly at what these texts actually say and the very particular felt understanding that they mediate .
the study of origins and influences is no [use instead of] for looking directly at what these texts actually say and the very particular felt understanding that they mediate .

At best , this focused that subtle blend of doctrine and awareness of its living reality defended by Walter Hilton and Reginald Pecock , at worst it encouraged the superstitious substitute for the work of faith which was labelled idolatry by the Lollards , those enthusiasts for the study of Scripture who tended to confuse its letter with its spirit .
at best , this focused that subtle blend of doctrine and awareness of its living reality defended by walter hilton and reginald pecock , at worst it encouraged the superstitious [use instead of] for the work of faith which was labelled idolatry by the lollards , those enthusiasts for the study of scripture who tended to confuse its letter with its spirit .

Substitute `` genetic endowment `` for `` soul `` in this specification and you have the essence of contemporary sociobiological doctrine .
[use instead of] `` genetic endowment `` for `` soul `` in this specification and you have the essence of contemporary sociobiological doctrine .

There can be no substitute for thorough preparations before a negotiation session .
there can be no [use instead of] for thorough preparations before a negotiation session .

The use of the latest tackle and ’ in bai ’ is no substitute for River Craft and Fish Location , an art that anglers often neglect .
the use of the latest tackle and ’ in bai ’ is no [use instead of] for river craft and fish location , an art that anglers often neglect .

Hooks were tied onto substitute gut and we used ’ Lincoln ’ brand silk lines which were on 25 yard cards .
hooks were tied onto [use instead of] gut and we used ’ lincoln ’ brand silk lines which were on 25 yard cards .

There 's no substitute for this sort of knowledge , gradually accumulated , and when rain has added some depth to your stream you can return to fish in confidence .
there 's no [use instead of] for this sort of knowledge , gradually accumulated , and when rain has added some depth to your stream you can return to fish in confidence .

Guscott 's score came with 14 men on , but the new law that allows a temporary substitute meant that Paul Burnell had a few minutes on the pitch before Wright returned to see the Lions leading 12–5 .
guscott 's score came with 14 men on , but the new law that allows a temporary [use instead of] meant that paul burnell had a few minutes on the pitch before wright returned to see the lions leading 12–5 .

Guscott 's score came with 14 men on , but the new law that allows a temporary substitute meant that Paul Burnell had a few minutes on the pitch before Wright returned to see the Lions leading 12–5 .
guscott 's score came with 14 men on , but the new law that allows a temporary [use instead of] meant that paul burnell had a few minutes on the pitch before wright returned to see the lions leading 12–5 .

O'Leary was a surprise substitute at Wembley in extra-time , coming on to replace goalscorer Ian Wright for his 721st senior appearance for the Gunners .
o'leary was a surprise [use instead of] at wembley in extra-time , coming on to replace goalscorer ian wright for his 721st senior appearance for the gunners .

Pse substitute last par of first leader for country
pse [use instead of] last par of first leader for country

But talking on the telephone is no substitute for holding the little girl Libby loves so much .
but talking on the telephone is no [use instead of] for holding the little girl libby loves so much .

Yet it was Everton who had the clearer second half opportunities after manager Howard Kendall had gambled on the pace of substitute Stuart Barlow by introducing him as early as the 50th minute .
yet it was everton who had the clearer second half opportunities after manager howard kendall had gambled on the pace of [use instead of] stuart barlow by introducing him as early as the 50th minute .

Despite losing defensive kingpin Mark Wright with a knee injury after only 10 minutes and being forced to use substitute Jan Molby as an emergency centre-half , they dominated the game with Don Hutchison outstanding in midfield .
despite losing defensive kingpin mark wright with a knee injury after only 10 minutes and being forced to use [use instead of] jan molby as an emergency centre-half , they dominated the game with don hutchison outstanding in midfield .

Then substitute Mark Snodden hit a goal after a mix-up in the Glentoran defence , but by then it was far too late .
then [use instead of] mark snodden hit a goal after a mix-up in the glentoran defence , but by then it was far too late .

Right at the end Inst coach Denis Guiler , forced into coming on as a 50th minute substitute so depleted were his side 's ranks , almost stole the headlines with the winner , but his effort was brilliantly saved by goalkeeper Raymond Geddis .
right at the end inst coach denis guiler , forced into coming on as a 50th minute [use instead of] so depleted were his side 's ranks , almost stole the headlines with the winner , but his effort was brilliantly saved by goalkeeper raymond geddis .

And in injury time , substitute Paul Trainor — who had replaced Arsenal 's John Bacon in the Derry attack — could only watch in amazement as Bohemians keeper Dave Henderson flung himself across goal to turn away a header that looked to have decided the contest .
and in injury time , [use instead of] paul trainor — who had replaced arsenal 's john bacon in the derry attack — could only watch in amazement as bohemians keeper dave henderson flung himself across goal to turn away a header that looked to have decided the contest .

‘ Training is an integral part of any side 's preparation , but there 's no substitute for competitive games . ’
‘ training is an integral part of any side 's preparation , but there 's no [use instead of] for competitive games . ’

Then they needed the special consolation or encouragement of the substitute family at Howard ; the camaraderie of the other single girls , or the understanding of families who had shared the same kind of sadness .
then they needed the special consolation or encouragement of the [use instead of] family at howard ; the camaraderie of the other single girls , or the understanding of families who had shared the same kind of sadness .

It had proved quite an exciting substitute for lost love , and a pacifier in that time of grave trouble .
it had proved quite an exciting [use instead of] for lost love , and a pacifier in that time of grave trouble .

Crippled as he was from many falls , only lately taking their toll , he found in the lawn mower a kind of substitute for the experiences of earlier , dangerous days .
crippled as he was from many falls , only lately taking their toll , he found in the lawn mower a kind of [use instead of] for the experiences of earlier , dangerous days .

Unfortunately there seems to be no substitute for actually installing Windows on a hardware and operating system platform to find out how it 's really going to behave ! The boffins behind Double Glazing are devising some simple to execute routines that will test the compatibility of your mix of hardware and software .
unfortunately there seems to be no [use instead of] for actually installing windows on a hardware and operating system platform to find out how it 's really going to behave ! the boffins behind double glazing are devising some simple to execute routines that will test the compatibility of your mix of hardware and software .

In this version of 1-2-3 you have to substitute the cell reference of the first cell in the corresponding field when you do this .
in this version of 1-2-3 you have to [use instead of] the cell reference of the first cell in the corresponding field when you do this .

Bradford No 2 Stuart Pearson wo n't be scared to substitute player-manager Frank Stapleton
bradford no 2 stuart pearson wo n't be scared to [use instead of] player-manager frank stapleton

Substitute Mark Walters wriggled between Fleck and Hall and trickled a centre across the goal .
[use instead of] mark walters wriggled between fleck and hall and trickled a centre across the goal .

Tait , son of an ex-Wor-kington Town star , was thrust immediately into first team action , scoring a try in the Premiership Final victory over St. Helens when he came on as substitute in only his third game .
tait , son of an ex-wor-kington town star , was thrust immediately into first team action , scoring a try in the premiership final victory over st. helens when he came on as [use instead of] in only his third game .

Although she and Rune had exchanged verbal descriptions of their respective relations the previous evening , words were no substitute for flesh and blood .
although she and rune had exchanged verbal descriptions of their respective relations the previous evening , words were no [use instead of] for flesh and blood .

Even then he 'd wanted her … But surely only as a substitute for the exquisite , capricious Lotta ?
even then he 'd wanted her … but surely only as a [use instead of] for the exquisite , capricious lotta ?

He describes ( without offering evidence ) the bust as a ‘ compressed substitute for the complete human form ’ .
he describes ( without offering evidence ) the bust as a ‘ compressed [use instead of] for the complete human form ’ .

The apparent ability of these receptors to substitute for one another is strange in view of their strong evolutionary conservation ; perhaps , mused Chambon , their absence results in a phenotype that can not easily be measured in the laboratory .
the apparent ability of these receptors to [use instead of] for one another is strange in view of their strong evolutionary conservation ; perhaps , mused chambon , their absence results in a phenotype that can not easily be measured in the laboratory .

If we now divide by the total concentration and substitute for then or
if we now divide by the total concentration and [use instead of] for then or

Were one to substitute the word ‘ nature ’ for the ‘ nature of art history ’ , then Degas might unwittingly have written a fitting description of this most recent book on his work .
were one to [use instead of] the word ‘ nature ’ for the ‘ nature of art history ’ , then degas might unwittingly have written a fitting description of this most recent book on his work .

For him , trade unions were an example of attempts to create a substitute for Gemeinschaft ; one appropriate for the new era of capitalist industrialisation .
for him , trade unions were an example of attempts to create a [use instead of] for gemeinschaft ; one appropriate for the new era of capitalist industrialisation .

The availability of substitute products or services
the availability of [use instead of] products or services

Inside a minute he had the substitute microphone and its extra wires in his hand .
inside a minute he had the [use instead of] microphone and its extra wires in his hand .

By the time the Portuguese trade passed its peak in the 1760s , a more than adequate substitute had developed , with special rapidity after 1740 .
by the time the portuguese trade passed its peak in the 1760s , a more than adequate [use instead of] had developed , with special rapidity after 1740 .

Mirror tiles are also a good substitute for panels and are very much cheaper if you do n't mind the obvious break in reflection caused by the lines .
mirror tiles are also a good [use instead of] for panels and are very much cheaper if you do n't mind the obvious break in reflection caused by the lines .

Plastic mirror is another possible substitute and has the advantage that it wo n't steam over ; on the other hand it can crack very easily when it is being fixed into place and it does seem to give a more distorted reflection .
plastic mirror is another possible [use instead of] and has the advantage that it wo n't steam over ; on the other hand it can crack very easily when it is being fixed into place and it does seem to give a more distorted reflection .

She dragged herself from Luke 's grasp and stood a little apart , hugging herself protectively with her arms , as a shield , or as an ineffectual substitute for Luke — she was n't sure which .
she dragged herself from luke 's grasp and stood a little apart , hugging herself protectively with her arms , as a shield , or as an ineffectual [use instead of] for luke — she was n't sure which .

Thus , most economists agree that the key issue is not ownership itself but rather the severity of the market competition , or its substitute government competition policy , which the industry faces .
thus , most economists agree that the key issue is not ownership itself but rather the severity of the market competition , or its [use instead of] government competition policy , which the industry faces .

The environment-friendly bleaches now on sale are better than ordinary bleaches since they contain no chlorine — but the substitute , hydrogen peroxide , may still be harmful .
the environment-friendly bleaches now on sale are better than ordinary bleaches since they contain no chlorine — but the [use instead of] , hydrogen peroxide , may still be harmful .

Why is the Secretary of State so contemptuous of the evidence about student hardship when it comes from sources such as the citizens advice bureaux and from scores of cases sent to him by hon. Members on both sides of the House ? Does the Secretary of State recognise that the access funds are in no sense a substitute for student eligibility for social security and for vacation hardship allowance and that mature students in particular have been plunged into severe hardship by the Government 's policies ? In the light of that , will he reconsider the abolition of vacation hardship allowance , especially as it was abolished in clear breach of undertakings given in the House that it would remain as a safety net following the abolition of social security provision ?
why is the secretary of state so contemptuous of the evidence about student hardship when it comes from sources such as the citizens advice bureaux and from scores of cases sent to him by hon. members on both sides of the house ? does the secretary of state recognise that the access funds are in no sense a [use instead of] for student eligibility for social security and for vacation hardship allowance and that mature students in particular have been plunged into severe hardship by the government 's policies ? in the light of that , will he reconsider the abolition of vacation hardship allowance , especially as it was abolished in clear breach of undertakings given in the house that it would remain as a safety net following the abolition of social security provision ?

There can be no substitute for the courageous and difficult efforts of the security forces in upholding , impartially , the rule of law .
there can be no [use instead of] for the courageous and difficult efforts of the security forces in upholding , impartially , the rule of law .

December last year , when the Government were introducing the Community Charges ( Substitute Settings ) Bill .
december last year , when the government were introducing the community charges ( [use instead of] settings ) bill .

As reports from the Select Committee on Defence have made clear over the past few years , defence cuts are proceeding at such a pace that , if a future Labour Government continued in the same way , we would be left with Securicor and Group 4 to defend our shores and a steamship company to provide us with a substitute for the Royal Navy .
as reports from the select committee on defence have made clear over the past few years , defence cuts are proceeding at such a pace that , if a future labour government continued in the same way , we would be left with securicor and group 4 to defend our shores and a steamship company to provide us with a [use instead of] for the royal navy .

It was almost as if stroking the kitten was a substitute for touching her hair .
it was almost as if stroking the kitten was a [use instead of] for touching her hair .

Rather language acts as a substitute for the thing , or in Derrida 's formulation it acts as a supplement .
rather language acts as a [use instead of] for the thing , or in derrida 's formulation it acts as a supplement .

Truth becomes a supplement , a substitute which replaces something which is missing .
truth becomes a supplement , a [use instead of] which replaces something which is missing .

Dealers take account of the areas sown with each kind of grain , of the forwardness and weight of the crops , of the supply of things which can be used as substitutes for grain , and of the things for which grain can be used as a substitute .
dealers take account of the areas sown with each kind of grain , of the forwardness and weight of the crops , of the supply of things which can be used as substitutes for grain , and of the things for which grain can be used as a [use instead of] .

As far as the knowledge and business enterprise of the producers reach , they in each case choose those factors of production which are best for their purpose , the sum of the supply prices of those factors which are used is , as a rule , less than the sum of the supply prices of any other set of factors which could be substituted for them ; and whenever it appears to the producers that this is not the case , they will , as a rule , set to work to substitute the less expensive method .
as far as the knowledge and business enterprise of the producers reach , they in each case choose those factors of production which are best for their purpose , the sum of the supply prices of those factors which are used is , as a rule , less than the sum of the supply prices of any other set of factors which could be substituted for them ; and whenever it appears to the producers that this is not the case , they will , as a rule , set to work to [use instead of] the less expensive method .

It is to be assumed that the general circumstances of the market remain unchanged throughout this period ; that there is , for instance , no change in fashion or taste , no new substitute which might affect the demand , no new invention to disturb the supply .
it is to be assumed that the general circumstances of the market remain unchanged throughout this period ; that there is , for instance , no change in fashion or taste , no new [use instead of] which might affect the demand , no new invention to disturb the supply .

For if nature is offering a sturdy resistance to man 's efforts to wring from her a larger supply of raw material , while at that particular stage there is no great room for introducing important new economies into the manufacture , the supply price will rise ; but if the volume of production were greater , it would perhaps be profitable to substitute largely machine work for hand work and steam power for muscular force ; and the increase in the volume of production would have diminished the expenses of production of the commodity of our representative firm .
for if nature is offering a sturdy resistance to man 's efforts to wring from her a larger supply of raw material , while at that particular stage there is no great room for introducing important new economies into the manufacture , the supply price will rise ; but if the volume of production were greater , it would perhaps be profitable to [use instead of] largely machine work for hand work and steam power for muscular force ; and the increase in the volume of production would have diminished the expenses of production of the commodity of our representative firm .

Many non-socialist supporters of markets argue too that the pursuit of ex ante planning as a substitute for the ex post coordination of economic activity through the market can not be achieved in a complex society and that its pursuit is actually destructive of very basic individual freedoms .
many non-socialist supporters of markets argue too that the pursuit of ex ante planning as a [use instead of] for the ex post coordination of economic activity through the market can not be achieved in a complex society and that its pursuit is actually destructive of very basic individual freedoms .

In the period after 1945 planning was one mechanism used by governments as a substitute for market decision-making and Sartori analyses some of the problems associated with it .
in the period after 1945 planning was one mechanism used by governments as a [use instead of] for market decision-making and sartori analyses some of the problems associated with it .

As he continued to watch her she delved in her brain and came up with a substitute .
as he continued to watch her she delved in her brain and came up with a [use instead of] .

Given an aggregate production function of the form we can substitute the relevant rows of equation ( 5.37 ) into equation ( 5.36 ) , and substitute the resulting expressions into the production function to give : where we again have assumed for simplicity that αβ = 1 .
given an aggregate production function of the form we can [use instead of] the relevant rows of equation ( 5.37 ) into equation ( 5.36 ) , and [use instead of] the resulting expressions into the production function to give : where we again have assumed for simplicity that αβ = 1 .

If we substitute an atom in a molecule by an isotope of different mass , we alter the frequencies of some modes — but only those in which the substituted atom moves significantly .
if we [use instead of] an atom in a molecule by an isotope of different mass , we alter the frequencies of some modes — but only those in which the substituted atom moves significantly .

Issuing them as a substitute for bonds shortens the maturity structure of the National Debt and makes financial markets generally more liquid .
issuing them as a [use instead of] for bonds shortens the maturity structure of the national debt and makes financial markets generally more liquid .

In accepting a building society deposit as a substitute for a bank deposit , the customer may well have put that bank deposit into more active circulation .
in accepting a building society deposit as a [use instead of] for a bank deposit , the customer may well have put that bank deposit into more active circulation .

Joseph 's attempts to end the dominance of the Hungarian county assemblies by the local gentry , and to substitute German for Latin as the language of administration , provoked deep and passionate national resentment .
joseph 's attempts to end the dominance of the hungarian county assemblies by the local gentry , and to [use instead of] german for latin as the language of administration , provoked deep and passionate national resentment .

The fact that a man liable to army or militia service could almost always provide a substitute if he had the money to pay for one accentuated still further this inequality .
the fact that a man liable to army or militia service could almost always provide a [use instead of] if he had the money to pay for one accentuated still further this inequality .

For example , the word sardine in a poem would cease to function as a substitute for the thing itself , and instead its linguistic features would be ‘ maximally foregrounded ’ .
for example , the word sardine in a poem would cease to function as a [use instead of] for the thing itself , and instead its linguistic features would be ‘ maximally foregrounded ’ .

Traditionally ( that is to say , before Saussure ) the sign was regarded as a substitute for something ; signs were , by definition , signs for things .
traditionally ( that is to say , before saussure ) the sign was regarded as a [use instead of] for something ; signs were , by definition , signs for things .

In other words the traditional concept of the sign as a vehicle or substitute for an idea or a thing can fairly easily be transposed tot he structure of the sign itself , with the signifier being regarded as a substitute for the signified .
in other words the traditional concept of the sign as a vehicle or [use instead of] for an idea or a thing can fairly easily be transposed tot he structure of the sign itself , with the signifier being regarded as a [use instead of] for the signified .

Many of the key words of Derrida 's arguments are similarly polysemic and their polysemy is essential to his argument : his reading of Rousseau in Of Grammatology , for example , turns on the ambiguity of the word supplément which can mean both an addition and a substitute .
many of the key words of derrida 's arguments are similarly polysemic and their polysemy is essential to his argument : his reading of rousseau in of grammatology , for example , turns on the ambiguity of the word supplément which can mean both an addition and a [use instead of] .

If he wanted her , even if it was only to satiate a temporary need , even if she was only a substitute for the woman he really wanted , then she would oblige , because he had reduced her will-power to nothing .
if he wanted her , even if it was only to satiate a temporary need , even if she was only a [use instead of] for the woman he really wanted , then she would oblige , because he had reduced her will-power to nothing .

She gave him a helpless look and meekly accepted the substitute .
she gave him a helpless look and meekly accepted the [use instead of] .

If managers say that they gain their vision and their pragmatic skill informally and from diverse sources , if they see their own development as something which took many years and came from a wide range of contexts , it is unlikely that a short-term substitute can be found which will fit into either the narrow limits of brief in-service training courses , year-long secondments or part-time study in higher education .
if managers say that they gain their vision and their pragmatic skill informally and from diverse sources , if they see their own development as something which took many years and came from a wide range of contexts , it is unlikely that a short-term [use instead of] can be found which will fit into either the narrow limits of brief in-service training courses , year-long secondments or part-time study in higher education .

Someone with greater political vision might have seen the end of hostilities as the right moment to substitute civilian for military leadership .
someone with greater political vision might have seen the end of hostilities as the right moment to [use instead of] civilian for military leadership .

The employer who has obtained patent protection for an invention which is undergoing refinement may agree to supply customers with one of his own non patented substitute products until the development work has reached its conclusion .
the employer who has obtained patent protection for an invention which is undergoing refinement may agree to supply customers with one of his own non patented [use instead of] products until the development work has reached its conclusion .

Alternatively , the employer may have chosen not to exploit the invention at all since it would effectively reduce customer demand for an established and more expensive substitute already produced as part of his current range of activities .
alternatively , the employer may have chosen not to exploit the invention at all since it would effectively reduce customer demand for an established and more expensive [use instead of] already produced as part of his current range of activities .

The following notes should not , therefore , be relied upon as a substitute for detailed legal advice .
the following notes should not , therefore , be relied upon as a [use instead of] for detailed legal advice .

There is no substitute for truly professional practice in this regard .
there is no [use instead of] for truly professional practice in this regard .

Be aware of this , and use risk assessment methods as an aid to judgement , not as a substitute for it .
be aware of this , and use risk assessment methods as an aid to judgement , not as a [use instead of] for it .

‘ Ultimately we will have to substitute contract work with privately-owned operations .
‘ ultimately we will have to [use instead of] contract work with privately-owned operations .

this question is really a substitute for the verb phrase as a verb phrase ; it does not assume any object for the verb : ( 25 ) the nurses swam at the weekend : what did the nurses do at the weekend ?
this question is really a [use instead of] for the verb phrase as a verb phrase ; it does not assume any object for the verb : ( 25 ) the nurses swam at the weekend : what did the nurses do at the weekend ?

He uses the term reference for the latter , but as the term has become decidedly unusual for that notion ( see Lyons , 1977 , or other standard texts ) , we shall , with deference , decline to adopt his `` reference-qualification `` and `` reference-qualifiers `` , and , in general , substitute the word sense wherever he uses reference .
he uses the term reference for the latter , but as the term has become decidedly unusual for that notion ( see lyons , 1977 , or other standard texts ) , we shall , with deference , decline to adopt his `` reference-qualification `` and `` reference-qualifiers `` , and , in general , [use instead of] the word sense wherever he uses reference .

The use of the ‘ covering citation ’ is described by the MacRoberts as parsimonious citing , because the mention of the cited paper is used as a substitute for an explanation of the ideas contained in that cited paper .
the use of the ‘ covering citation ’ is described by the macroberts as parsimonious citing , because the mention of the cited paper is used as a [use instead of] for an explanation of the ideas contained in that cited paper .

Metaphor is not a substitute for logical argument based on the consistent application of valid concepts .
metaphor is not a [use instead of] for logical argument based on the consistent application of valid concepts .

In other words , statistical testing should not be used as a substitute for theoretical ideas by simply dredging the data for any statistically significant relationships that happen to be present .
in other words , statistical testing should not be used as a [use instead of] for theoretical ideas by simply dredging the data for any statistically significant relationships that happen to be present .

‘ That 's no substitute for love .
‘ that 's no [use instead of] for love .

However , the Czech government contended that it could not afford to stop selling arms until substitute industries were in place .
however , the czech government contended that it could not afford to stop selling arms until [use instead of] industries were in place .

Such a congress would not be a substitute for an elected Constituent Assembly and could not itself write a new constitution .
such a congress would not be a [use instead of] for an elected constituent assembly and could not itself write a new constitution .

The period of substitute civilian service would be reduced from 20 months to 15 months .
the period of [use instead of] civilian service would be reduced from 20 months to 15 months .

Mosbacher justified his decision on the grounds that to substitute population estimates in place of actual figures would be to `` abandon a 200-year tradition of how we actually count people `` .
mosbacher justified his decision on the grounds that to [use instead of] population estimates in place of actual figures would be to `` abandon a 200-year tradition of how we actually count people `` .

Technologies designed to replace or substitute for lost functions will also continue to improve , allowing if not complete recovery at least a greatly improved quality of life for patients .
technologies designed to replace or [use instead of] for lost functions will also continue to improve , allowing if not complete recovery at least a greatly improved quality of life for patients .

Enthusiasm , however , is no substitute for conceptual clarity and agreement on objectives .
enthusiasm , however , is no [use instead of] for conceptual clarity and agreement on objectives .

( e ) As we have seen , an intention to repay or substitute may be dishonest because the defendant can not replace the very thing taken , yet if he intends to return the property itself , he is not guilty of theft because he does not have the intention permanently to deprive .
( e ) as we have seen , an intention to repay or [use instead of] may be dishonest because the defendant can not replace the very thing taken , yet if he intends to return the property itself , he is not guilty of theft because he does not have the intention permanently to deprive .

Alternatively the statute may create an action by specific wording , either as a substitute for a common law action ( Nuclear Installations Act 1965 ) , or in addition .
alternatively the statute may create an action by specific wording , either as a [use instead of] for a common law action ( nuclear installations act 1965 ) , or in addition .

As he had shown during the German occupation , there was no substitute for an early and accurate reading of the trajectory of events .
as he had shown during the german occupation , there was no [use instead of] for an early and accurate reading of the trajectory of events .

Further , a widespread parish response to famine-level prices was to purchase supplies of wheat or substitute foodstuffs and re-sell them at subsidised prices to the poor .
further , a widespread parish response to famine-level prices was to purchase supplies of wheat or [use instead of] foodstuffs and re-sell them at subsidised prices to the poor .

Having done away with an earlier one-to-one social class to genre relationship , it is not so very surprising that Nykrog 's substitute for it proved considerably less persuasive and durable than Bédier 's had .
having done away with an earlier one-to-one social class to genre relationship , it is not so very surprising that nykrog 's [use instead of] for it proved considerably less persuasive and durable than bédier 's had .

In `` ideal `` circumstances , the male joker releases his frustration by joking about the woman with a second male — an inhibitor of the desired intimacy — who thereby becomes a conspirator with the teller in the indulgence in smut as a substitute for the sexual act .
in `` ideal `` circumstances , the male joker releases his frustration by joking about the woman with a second male — an inhibitor of the desired intimacy — who thereby becomes a conspirator with the teller in the indulgence in smut as a [use instead of] for the sexual act .

That the miller 's knives substitute for his sexual potency rather than reflect it is indicated by the superiority of the clerk 's performance in bed with his wife to anything he has managed for a long time : He has fathered two children , but , like Bayard , his sexual energy is now exhausted .
that the miller 's knives [use instead of] for his sexual potency rather than reflect it is indicated by the superiority of the clerk 's performance in bed with his wife to anything he has managed for a long time : he has fathered two children , but , like bayard , his sexual energy is now exhausted .

In both examples , one could substitute see for know with little change in meaning .
in both examples , one could [use instead of] see for know with little change in meaning .

In ( 140 ) , make can not be substituted for cause — the causation evoked is too indirect — nor can cause substitute for make in ( 141 ) , for the opposite reason .
in ( 140 ) , make can not be substituted for cause — the causation evoked is too indirect — nor can cause [use instead of] for make in ( 141 ) , for the opposite reason .

Richard was not aware that he was no longer reasoning , hut allowing a series of overlapping images — the drawing of lord Jim , Tilda cooking — to act as a substitute for argument , so that his mind was working in a way not far different from Maurice 's , or Nenna 's .
richard was not aware that he was no longer reasoning , hut allowing a series of overlapping images — the drawing of lord jim , tilda cooking — to act as a [use instead of] for argument , so that his mind was working in a way not far different from maurice 's , or nenna 's .

Nietzsche was soon to substitute a new opposition whose polar extremes were occupied by visual art and music .
nietzsche was soon to [use instead of] a new opposition whose polar extremes were occupied by visual art and music .

Substitute nourishment may be inadequate both as to quantity and quality ( including sanitation ) and may be a source of intestinal disorders ( Gordon , et al .
[use instead of] nourishment may be inadequate both as to quantity and quality ( including sanitation ) and may be a source of intestinal disorders ( gordon , et al .

The latter strip will contain words which the pupils will be expected to substitute for him and large , eg me , them , English , small .
the latter strip will contain words which the pupils will be expected to [use instead of] for him and large , eg me , them , english , small .

10 For periods of absence , the teacher should make some provision for informing the substitute teacher where lesson plans , etc are kept .
10 for periods of absence , the teacher should make some provision for informing the [use instead of] teacher where lesson plans , etc are kept .

( c ) As a substitute subject : To stay in bed on a wet day is pleasant becomes It is pleasant to stay in bed on a wet day .
( c ) as a [use instead of] subject : to stay in bed on a wet day is pleasant becomes it is pleasant to stay in bed on a wet day .

2 In psychology , generalisation refers to the process that occurs when one stimulus , which is to some degree equivalent to another , can substitute for the other in arousing a conditioned response ( behaviourist psychology ) .
2 in psychology , generalisation refers to the process that occurs when one stimulus , which is to some degree equivalent to another , can [use instead of] for the other in arousing a conditioned response ( behaviourist psychology ) .

It was also believed that Menelik visited his father Solomon , and on his departure contrived to substitute a copy of the Ark of the Covenant that his father had given him for the original , which he then carried off to Aksum .
it was also believed that menelik visited his father solomon , and on his departure contrived to [use instead of] a copy of the ark of the covenant that his father had given him for the original , which he then carried off to aksum .

: secondly , put the sounds you are practising in the frame , and substitute elsewhere , so that you do n't concentrate any more on the difficult contrast .
: secondly , put the sounds you are practising in the frame , and [use instead of] elsewhere , so that you do n't concentrate any more on the difficult contrast .

Where is no substitute for information and many problems can be solved just by making an effort to find the right information ( market research , production costs , financing availability ) .
where is no [use instead of] for information and many problems can be solved just by making an effort to find the right information ( market research , production costs , financing availability ) .

Academics love complication for the sake of complication because it is a highly marketable substitute for ideas .
academics love complication for the sake of complication because it is a highly marketable [use instead of] for ideas .

It is good advice for there is no substitute for the sort of general information that can be gathered in this way .
it is good advice for there is no [use instead of] for the sort of general information that can be gathered in this way .

There are times when a `` modus vivendi `` is a good substitute for communication .
there are times when a `` modus vivendi `` is a good [use instead of] for communication .

There is no substitute for information .
there is no [use instead of] for information .

To find the spatial expression of v we can substitute for in v , or we can use the relationship derived above ( Equation 2.10 ) ) : so that which is the velocity .
to find the spatial expression of v we can [use instead of] for in v , or we can use the relationship derived above ( equation 2.10 ) ) : so that which is the velocity .

Polymethylmethacrylate ( Perspex or Plexiglas ) , however , we use in its glassy state ( as said before , as a substitute for window glass , for example ) .
polymethylmethacrylate ( perspex or plexiglas ) , however , we use in its glassy state ( as said before , as a [use instead of] for window glass , for example ) .

In expressions for the elastic moduli of composites , such as those given in earlier parts of this chapter and above , it is justifiable to substitute complex quantities ( see Chap .
in expressions for the elastic moduli of composites , such as those given in earlier parts of this chapter and above , it is justifiable to [use instead of] complex quantities ( see chap .

If , despite the urgency and frequency of defecation associated with ulcerative colitis , older patients affirm before operation that they are continent , we believe that they are likely to remain continent after restorative proctocolectomy provided that care is taken not to weaken the sphincter in the course of the operation and that a capacious and compliant rectal substitute is provided .
if , despite the urgency and frequency of defecation associated with ulcerative colitis , older patients affirm before operation that they are continent , we believe that they are likely to remain continent after restorative proctocolectomy provided that care is taken not to weaken the sphincter in the course of the operation and that a capacious and compliant rectal [use instead of] is provided .

Head of Department said that this was the inevitable outcome of the school 's option choice system , that ‘ the most able pupils do Chemistry instead … that you ca n't substitute for talent … for creative imaginations , though you can teach technique ’ . ( verified note of meeting )
head of department said that this was the inevitable outcome of the school 's option choice system , that ‘ the most able pupils do chemistry instead … that you ca n't [use instead of] for talent … for creative imaginations , though you can teach technique ’ . ( verified note of meeting )

Applying those tests , first you did not substitute your own decision for that of the parent .
applying those tests , first you did not [use instead of] your own decision for that of the parent .

But , against a huge backcloth of mod images , bold arrows and No Entry signs and Union Jacks , beautifully executed songs like ‘ Ca n't Explain ' , ‘ Substitute ’ and ‘ Magic Bus ’ served to remind us how innovative a songwriter Townshend could be .
but , against a huge backcloth of mod images , bold arrows and no entry signs and union jacks , beautifully executed songs like ‘ ca n't explain ' , ‘ [use instead of] ’ and ‘ magic bus ’ served to remind us how innovative a songwriter townshend could be .

Brazil , a scorer as substitute at Hull and in midweek , keeps his place at Kristensen 's expense .
brazil , a scorer as [use instead of] at hull and in midweek , keeps his place at kristensen 's expense .

Fairclough , a scoring substitute in the Littlewoods Cup defeat by Oldham , returns at centre-half .
fairclough , a scoring [use instead of] in the littlewoods cup defeat by oldham , returns at centre-half .

When he got on as a substitute against Sweden he was first class ; in Albania he was one of our best players .
when he got on as a [use instead of] against sweden he was first class ; in albania he was one of our best players .

Alternatively there are several chemical additives on the market which aim to provide a substitute for lead , although the case for these products has yet to be proved .
alternatively there are several chemical additives on the market which aim to provide a [use instead of] for lead , although the case for these products has yet to be proved .

Instead he summoned up the perennial fears on the East Bank of Israeli destabilisation and denounced what he said were Zionist plots to make Jordan a substitute homeland for the Palestinians .
instead he summoned up the perennial fears on the east bank of israeli destabilisation and denounced what he said were zionist plots to make jordan a [use instead of] homeland for the palestinians .

The attempt to hold the annual procession on the feast-day itself , 1 September , with a substitute statue borrowed for the occasion from the Greyfriars , produced a riot ; ‘ the Grey Friars gaped , the Black Friars blew , the priests panted and fled ’ — and the Greyfriars lost their statue , its head shattered on an Edinburgh causeway .
the attempt to hold the annual procession on the feast-day itself , 1 september , with a [use instead of] statue borrowed for the occasion from the greyfriars , produced a riot ; ‘ the grey friars gaped , the black friars blew , the priests panted and fled ’ — and the greyfriars lost their statue , its head shattered on an edinburgh causeway .

They should have been more vigilant ; a summing-up is no substitute for reasoning and judging .
they should have been more vigilant ; a summing-up is no [use instead of] for reasoning and judging .

But , as Legge suggested , recordings are in this instance no substitute for the real thing .
but , as legge suggested , recordings are in this instance no [use instead of] for the real thing .

31 Variations , it is still possible to meet the argument that the gramophone can never be a substitute for the sound of ‘ the real thing ’ in the concert-hall .
31 variations , it is still possible to meet the argument that the gramophone can never be a [use instead of] for the sound of ‘ the real thing ’ in the concert-hall .

Their vast horizontal planes of activity could then provide a substitute horizon .
their vast horizontal planes of activity could then provide a [use instead of] horizon .

There is no substitute for personal contact in this work .
there is no [use instead of] for personal contact in this work .

There is simply no substitute for knowing your venue ( and how to get there ) thoroughly .
there is simply no [use instead of] for knowing your venue ( and how to get there ) thoroughly .

When Mrs Thatcher speaks at the traditional Lord Mayor 's banquet there , we substitute our own humbler but more practical table-top lectern .
when mrs thatcher speaks at the traditional lord mayor 's banquet there , we [use instead of] our own humbler but more practical table-top lectern .

It may be different , but it is not a substitute .
it may be different , but it is not a [use instead of] .

She also added , without being asked , that Annunciata was not , in Pen 's opinion , found to be a substitute for his Lily and that the maid had fallen ill with fever soon after Wilson left and had been useless to anyone .
she also added , without being asked , that annunciata was not , in pen 's opinion , found to be a [use instead of] for his lily and that the maid had fallen ill with fever soon after wilson left and had been useless to anyone .

And she would provide a substitute for the two weeks she reckoned it would take her , an English maid called Phoebe Crabbe with whom she had become friendly .
and she would provide a [use instead of] for the two weeks she reckoned it would take her , an english maid called phoebe crabbe with whom she had become friendly .

While the cross symbol represented values , the crown simply represents a substitute for values .
while the cross symbol represented values , the crown simply represents a [use instead of] for values .

Unity of ambition is a poor substitute for unity of vision .
unity of ambition is a poor [use instead of] for unity of vision .

Another helpful approach is to substitute some low-fat foods for their high-fat counterparts , for example , have semi-skimmed or skimmed milk instead of full-fat milk .
another helpful approach is to [use instead of] some low-fat foods for their high-fat counterparts , for example , have semi-skimmed or skimmed milk instead of full-fat milk .

Substitute polyunsaturated fat for saturated fat ( and use less of it too ) .
[use instead of] polyunsaturated fat for saturated fat ( and use less of it too ) .

Potassium salt is sometimes used as a substitute , or mixed with sodium salt .
potassium salt is sometimes used as a [use instead of] , or mixed with sodium salt .

But then a 20-yard drive from substitute Thomas was deflected off Sansom into the opposite side of net goalkeeper Ogrizovic was guarding .
but then a 20-yard drive from [use instead of] thomas was deflected off sansom into the opposite side of net goalkeeper ogrizovic was guarding .

The best use for this paste is as a substitute for tomato on pizza .
the best use for this paste is as a [use instead of] for tomato on pizza .

For Spurs , substitute Hendry was denied three times at the other end by Rees .
for spurs , [use instead of] hendry was denied three times at the other end by rees .

The home side staged an emphatic second-half fight-back and went close through Ndah , Thompson and Sparrow before substitute McCall headed home .
the home side staged an emphatic second-half fight-back and went close through ndah , thompson and sparrow before [use instead of] mccall headed home .

Sunderland brought on Owers as a substitute for his first taste of football since sustaining a pelvic injury three months ago .
sunderland brought on owers as a [use instead of] for his first taste of football since sustaining a pelvic injury three months ago .

Sharpe , a member of United 's triumvirate of wingers , emerged as a substitute for Kanchelskis , who had been asked to exploit the absence of Pearce , and almost scored with his first attack .
sharpe , a member of united 's triumvirate of wingers , emerged as a [use instead of] for kanchelskis , who had been asked to exploit the absence of pearce , and almost scored with his first attack .

Although Grubb has sent Denizen back to his New Jersey stable for a rest , before coming to Europe in May in search of a place in Britain 's Olympic team , he brings a useful substitute in Ever .
although grubb has sent denizen back to his new jersey stable for a rest , before coming to europe in may in search of a place in britain 's olympic team , he brings a useful [use instead of] in ever .

He was made aware that nuclear weapons were no substitute for the presence of frigates on station and infantry battalions on the ground in maintaining stability in Afro-Asia .
he was made aware that nuclear weapons were no [use instead of] for the presence of frigates on station and infantry battalions on the ground in maintaining stability in afro-asia .

The first task that faced the Government after the publication of Sandys ' White Paper of 1957 was to convince its European allies , the United States , and the Commonwealth , that nuclear weapons were a valid substitute for manpower , and that the proposed reductions in British forces deployed overseas would not increase world instability .
the first task that faced the government after the publication of sandys ' white paper of 1957 was to convince its european allies , the united states , and the commonwealth , that nuclear weapons were a valid [use instead of] for manpower , and that the proposed reductions in british forces deployed overseas would not increase world instability .

This minor affair underlined the Army 's contention that nuclear weapons and air power were no substitute for troops on the ground in the type of fighting in which Britain was likely to be involved as long as she remained a colonial power .
this minor affair underlined the army 's contention that nuclear weapons and air power were no [use instead of] for troops on the ground in the type of fighting in which britain was likely to be involved as long as she remained a colonial power .

Hunters are cashing in on this shortage and expense of whale meat , and are providing the Japanese market with a more affordable substitute of dolphin flesh .
hunters are cashing in on this shortage and expense of whale meat , and are providing the japanese market with a more affordable [use instead of] of dolphin flesh .

It is also a useful substitute for sesame seed oil in Chinese cookery .
it is also a useful [use instead of] for sesame seed oil in chinese cookery .

It is a good substitute for rice vinegar in Oriental cookery .
it is a good [use instead of] for rice vinegar in oriental cookery .

Sbrinz , a grana cheese from Switzerland , is a very good substitute for Parmesan , being only approximately half as expensive .
sbrinz , a grana cheese from switzerland , is a very good [use instead of] for parmesan , being only approximately half as expensive .

Left-over Stilton is very good for cooking and is an affordable substitute for Roquefort .
left-over stilton is very good for cooking and is an affordable [use instead of] for roquefort .

Jesus — Our Substitute
jesus — our [use instead of]

There are quite a few hymns which take up this notion of Jesus bearing my sin as a substitute . There is , for example :
there are quite a few hymns which take up this notion of jesus bearing my sin as a [use instead of] . there is , for example :

Kolbe died for his friend and Christ died for us — as an example for us to follow , as a pioneer who goes before us , as one who identifies with us , as our reconciler , as our sacrifice , and as our substitute .
kolbe died for his friend and christ died for us — as an example for us to follow , as a pioneer who goes before us , as one who identifies with us , as our reconciler , as our sacrifice , and as our [use instead of] .

CFCs — the main problem — have been with us since the 1930s , a valued invention because they are non-toxic , non-flammable and cheaper to make than any known substitute .
cfcs — the main problem — have been with us since the 1930s , a valued invention because they are non-toxic , non-flammable and cheaper to make than any known [use instead of] .

He 'd take 60 's songs like , ‘ Donna , Donna The Prima Donna ’ and substitute their names .
he 'd take 60 's songs like , ‘ donna , donna the prima donna ’ and [use instead of] their names .

The father found him a ready substitute for his own dead infant son , Philip , and often called the young writer ‘ Phil ’ .
the father found him a ready [use instead of] for his own dead infant son , philip , and often called the young writer ‘ phil ’ .

They are a genuine substitute for the talk and shared companionship that was missing from his first year at Oxford .
they are a genuine [use instead of] for the talk and shared companionship that was missing from his first year at oxford .

For during this first term the long regular letters to Harry Hooton appear to be a substitute for letters to Helen and a roundabout way of informing her of his progress .
for during this first term the long regular letters to harry hooton appear to be a [use instead of] for letters to helen and a roundabout way of informing her of his progress .

Michael Baly , president of the American Gas Association , reckons that within ten years gas could be a substitute for 2 billion barrels of oil — an eighth of current American oil consumption .
michael baly , president of the american gas association , reckons that within ten years gas could be a [use instead of] for 2 billion barrels of oil — an eighth of current american oil consumption .

American consumers have shown a disconcerting willingness to substitute sparkling wine for champagne , off-the-rack imitations for pricey designer clothes .
american consumers have shown a disconcerting willingness to [use instead of] sparkling wine for champagne , off-the-rack imitations for pricey designer clothes .

And he has made it clear that an all-German election should be held next year at the earliest , not as a quick substitute for the West German one in December .
and he has made it clear that an all-german election should be held next year at the earliest , not as a quick [use instead of] for the west german one in december .

But although the hunt for a substitute will go on , it looks increasingly likely that judicial pressure will make Walpole swallow the slime and Mr Weld his promise .
but although the hunt for a [use instead of] will go on , it looks increasingly likely that judicial pressure will make walpole swallow the slime and mr weld his promise .

Paul Hodkinson , the undefeated British and European featherweight champion , faces a substitute European opponent in his home town of Kirkby on December 13 .
paul hodkinson , the undefeated british and european featherweight champion , faces a [use instead of] european opponent in his home town of kirkby on december 13 .

Alexander O'Neal , Freddie Jackson and Luther Vandross could substitute for one another if one of them got sick , while a new ‘ Women ’ category has been opened to accommodate Tanita Tikaram , Suzanne Vega , Tracy Chapman etc .
alexander o'neal , freddie jackson and luther vandross could [use instead of] for one another if one of them got sick , while a new ‘ women ’ category has been opened to accommodate tanita tikaram , suzanne vega , tracy chapman etc .

The court should not substitute its own decision for that of the parent but had to say whether the parents ' decision was outside the band of reasonableness .
the court should not [use instead of] its own decision for that of the parent but had to say whether the parents ' decision was outside the band of reasonableness .

The European Footballer of the Year , who came on as substitute in Holland 's last qualifier against Wales four weeks ago , has been named in the squad and is certain to start the Group Four match as the Dutch seek the point they need to qualify for the finals .
the european footballer of the year , who came on as [use instead of] in holland 's last qualifier against wales four weeks ago , has been named in the squad and is certain to start the group four match as the dutch seek the point they need to qualify for the finals .

His landlady , Penny ( a slatternly version of Odysseus 's Penelope ) , treats Sya as a substitute for her missing soldier-husband , while her lodger Burt , a footloose unemployed actor , yearns to swap his decadent native land for the iron certainties of Iran .
his landlady , penny ( a slatternly version of odysseus 's penelope ) , treats sya as a [use instead of] for her missing soldier-husband , while her lodger burt , a footloose unemployed actor , yearns to swap his decadent native land for the iron certainties of iran .

The case , referred under powers to challenge unduly lenient sentences introduced in February , is the first in which the Appeal Court has refused to substitute a stiffer sentence .
the case , referred under powers to challenge unduly lenient sentences introduced in february , is the first in which the appeal court has refused to [use instead of] a stiffer sentence .

Mr Maxwell said that his alterations — which he would make for publication in his newspapers — were to substitute the term ombudsman for readers ' representatives and to widen the clause in the code of practice which refers to non-payment of criminals to include those benefiting from a criminal act .
mr maxwell said that his alterations — which he would make for publication in his newspapers — were to [use instead of] the term ombudsman for readers ' representatives and to widen the clause in the code of practice which refers to non-payment of criminals to include those benefiting from a criminal act .

As a touchstone for Britishness , Norman Tebbit 's ‘ cricket test ’ is no substitute for the test of war .
as a touchstone for britishness , norman tebbit 's ‘ cricket test ’ is no [use instead of] for the test of war .

It would abolish honest , manly rural sports and customs and substitute the degenerate urban pursuits of the electro-galvanic amusement arcade .
it would abolish honest , manly rural sports and customs and [use instead of] the degenerate urban pursuits of the electro-galvanic amusement arcade .

His header , from substitute Kevin Russell 's centre on the left , bobbed just over the bar .
his header , from [use instead of] kevin russell 's centre on the left , bobbed just over the bar .

Nick Robinson , a centre-forward who won a rugby Blue in the centre in 1990 , is a Cambridge substitute today .
nick robinson , a centre-forward who won a rugby blue in the centre in 1990 , is a cambridge [use instead of] today .

To help his British colleagues catch the selectors ' eyes , Tea Ropati , St Helens ' New Zealand three-quarter , has volunteered to take a substitute 's role at Warrington today in a match Saints can not afford to lose .
to help his british colleagues catch the selectors ' eyes , tea ropati , st helens ' new zealand three-quarter , has volunteered to take a [use instead of] 's role at warrington today in a match saints can not afford to lose .

He has been careful to confine his biggest tax penalties to those ‘ trapped ’ salaried employees who can not substitute leisure for work , while giving the self-employed special dispensation from higher National Insurance contributions .
he has been careful to confine his biggest tax penalties to those ‘ trapped ’ salaried employees who can not [use instead of] leisure for work , while giving the self-employed special dispensation from higher national insurance contributions .

Carl Llewellyn , 26 , the winning substitute , says he owes Adams a few big drinks after the advice he received on how to ride Party Politics .
carl llewellyn , 26 , the winning [use instead of] , says he owes adams a few big drinks after the advice he received on how to ride party politics .

‘ The concessions made by Cabinet ministers in private consultations with government backbenchers are no substitute for public scrutiny .
‘ the concessions made by cabinet ministers in private consultations with government backbenchers are no [use instead of] for public scrutiny .

However , we reserve the right to substitute alternative carriers/aircraft types as necessary .
however , we reserve the right to [use instead of] alternative carriers/aircraft types as necessary .

However , team development is not a substitute for individual development — the team is only as effective as its individual members in terms of their qualities and skills and their ability to use these in conjunction with others .
however , team development is not a [use instead of] for individual development — the team is only as effective as its individual members in terms of their qualities and skills and their ability to use these in conjunction with others .

There is no substitute for actually practising a bargaining activity and role playing is a useful method used in off the job courses .
there is no [use instead of] for actually practising a bargaining activity and role playing is a useful method used in off the job courses .

the task requires great sensitivity and understanding and it would be inappropriate for others to substitute for you
the task requires great sensitivity and understanding and it would be inappropriate for others to [use instead of] for you

The techniques mentioned above are well explained in the recommended reading and there is no substitute for practising the skills on the job .
the techniques mentioned above are well explained in the recommended reading and there is no [use instead of] for practising the skills on the job .

By all means read some of these but there is no substitute for practising on a live audience .
by all means read some of these but there is no [use instead of] for practising on a live audience .

No amount of attendance at classes or reading on the subject can substitute for the experience of making a verbal presentation as a manager in a situation where the outcome really matters .
no amount of attendance at classes or reading on the subject can [use instead of] for the experience of making a verbal presentation as a manager in a situation where the outcome really matters .

If the Queen Mother provided a mother figure for Charles , it was his great-uncle , Lord Mountbatten , who became a father substitute .
if the queen mother provided a mother figure for charles , it was his great-uncle , lord mountbatten , who became a father [use instead of] .

There was no way that any nanny in the Wales household was going to become a substitute for either parent .
there was no way that any nanny in the wales household was going to become a [use instead of] for either parent .

That is , when performance in the field is difficult to measure satisfactorily , body temperature or adrenalin rhythms might be used as a substitute .
that is , when performance in the field is difficult to measure satisfactorily , body temperature or adrenalin rhythms might be used as a [use instead of] .

For distance you must now substitute that very special , and far less abstract , sort of distance which we call height : height which speaks immediately to our muscles and nerves .
for distance you must now [use instead of] that very special , and far less abstract , sort of distance which we call height : height which speaks immediately to our muscles and nerves .

It was for them that Paul Rotha spoke when he declared : ‘ The dialogue film , at its best , can only be a poor substitute for the stage .
it was for them that paul rotha spoke when he declared : ‘ the dialogue film , at its best , can only be a poor [use instead of] for the stage .

Elsewhere , filmmakers attempted to substitute frenetic drama for intense conflict .
elsewhere , filmmakers attempted to [use instead of] frenetic drama for intense conflict .

Soya-protein meat substitute .
soya-protein meat [use instead of] .

True , Old Vic has carried off the French and Irish Derbys , but Michelozzo 's success in the substitute St Leger has been his only major English strike .
true , old vic has carried off the french and irish derbys , but michelozzo 's success in the [use instead of] st leger has been his only major english strike .

All too often , however , such fittings and materials are not only historically inappropriate — stained tropical hardwood from razed rainforests , horse brasses and rows of unwanted Book Club volumes are no substitute for an original , atmospheric interior — but also pay scant attention to the history and development of each individual building .
all too often , however , such fittings and materials are not only historically inappropriate — stained tropical hardwood from razed rainforests , horse brasses and rows of unwanted book club volumes are no [use instead of] for an original , atmospheric interior — but also pay scant attention to the history and development of each individual building .

Sniffing is also a cheap and easy substitute for alcohol and can be a pleasurable experience .
sniffing is also a cheap and easy [use instead of] for alcohol and can be a pleasurable experience .

Drugs are no substitute for real living .
drugs are no [use instead of] for real living .

Underground safe Another solution is to dig a hole in the garden , place the bowls in this , and cover them with a thick layer of leaf mould , peat or peat substitute , but the bowls must have drainage holes or they could become waterlogged during heavy rainfall .
underground safe another solution is to dig a hole in the garden , place the bowls in this , and cover them with a thick layer of leaf mould , peat or peat [use instead of] , but the bowls must have drainage holes or they could become waterlogged during heavy rainfall .

2 In the garden , mound peat or peat substitute over the pots .
2 in the garden , mound peat or peat [use instead of] over the pots .

• Towards the end of the month lift carrots and beetroot and store in boxes of peat , peat substitute or sand .
• towards the end of the month lift carrots and beetroot and store in boxes of peat , peat [use instead of] or sand .

Pack them carefully in boxes of peat , peat substitute or sand Common chickweed , another familiar annual nuisance On some varieties green fruits ripen to a deep glowing red ‘ Gypsy ’ produces early , heavy crops , especially under glass
pack them carefully in boxes of peat , peat [use instead of] or sand common chickweed , another familiar annual nuisance on some varieties green fruits ripen to a deep glowing red ‘ gypsy ’ produces early , heavy crops , especially under glass

There is no substitute for this kind of training .
there is no [use instead of] for this kind of training .

Therefore , do not substitute a side-thrust kick where a front kick will work .
therefore , do not [use instead of] a side-thrust kick where a front kick will work .

On a typical day , Macci 's students go to classes from 7.30 am to 1.15 pm ( they substitute their physical education classes with tennis ) .
on a typical day , macci 's students go to classes from 7.30 am to 1.15 pm ( they [use instead of] their physical education classes with tennis ) .

Is the dive computer the result of a fiendish plot by manufacturers to relieve the diver of hard earned cash ? Or is it a viable substitute for the dive table ? Four dive computers were reviewed ; read on — the results may surprise you .
is the dive computer the result of a fiendish plot by manufacturers to relieve the diver of hard earned cash ? or is it a viable [use instead of] for the dive table ? four dive computers were reviewed ; read on — the results may surprise you .

She sounds an emotional mess , and is using you as a substitute for her lost love .
she sounds an emotional mess , and is using you as a [use instead of] for her lost love .

Pesto ( Italian basil and pine nut sauce ) is delicious tossed over hot pasta , and it makes a useful substitute for fresh basil in a vinaigrette dressing .
pesto ( italian basil and pine nut sauce ) is delicious tossed over hot pasta , and it makes a useful [use instead of] for fresh basil in a vinaigrette dressing .

No book or course of lectures can substitute for experience , but as you learn the vernacular and gain confidence in your practical ability , you can derive both inspiration and a sense of direction through reading the works of wise men .
no book or course of lectures can [use instead of] for experience , but as you learn the vernacular and gain confidence in your practical ability , you can derive both inspiration and a sense of direction through reading the works of wise men .

The ideal structure is created by plant and animal life in the soil : man 's efforts to produce it mechanically are , at best , a poor substitute for nature .
the ideal structure is created by plant and animal life in the soil : man 's efforts to produce it mechanically are , at best , a poor [use instead of] for nature .

Is this obsessive watching of trains sliding in and out of stations to be construed , in the child , as a substitute for sex and , in the adult , as a desire to prolong childhood indefinitely and avoid coming to terms with mature sexuality ?
is this obsessive watching of trains sliding in and out of stations to be construed , in the child , as a [use instead of] for sex and , in the adult , as a desire to prolong childhood indefinitely and avoid coming to terms with mature sexuality ?

Oriental Night is a rich plum-coloured alyssum with a fairly even habit and would make a good , easy-to-grow substitute for lobelias .
oriental night is a rich plum-coloured alyssum with a fairly even habit and would make a good , easy-to-grow [use instead of] for lobelias .

In the 64th minute Gascoigne performed a similar duty for England but , after he had crossed from the right-hand byline , Newell rose to head past Lekovic , the substitute goalkeeper .
in the 64th minute gascoigne performed a similar duty for england but , after he had crossed from the right-hand byline , newell rose to head past lekovic , the [use instead of] goalkeeper .

There are , in fact , other powerful reasons for making jojoba a universal substitute for whale oil .
there are , in fact , other powerful reasons for making jojoba a universal [use instead of] for whale oil .

These changes stimulated the search for some substitute for the individual proof of need or ‘ means test ’ .
these changes stimulated the search for some [use instead of] for the individual proof of need or ‘ means test ’ .

Makarenko made the important deduction that as the theories discarded at the Revolution had not been replaced by precise new ones , the abstract and muddled notions of officials like the education inspector were no substitute for practical self-help .
makarenko made the important deduction that as the theories discarded at the revolution had not been replaced by precise new ones , the abstract and muddled notions of officials like the education inspector were no [use instead of] for practical self-help .

The revolt was squashed , but Tambov peasants in 1922 were still compelled to pay a levy on the acorns they picked to eat as a substitute for bread .
the revolt was squashed , but tambov peasants in 1922 were still compelled to pay a levy on the acorns they picked to eat as a [use instead of] for bread .

As the son of a school-inspector and a typical representative of the pre-Soviet intelligentsia , Lenin was torn between the conflicting needs of creating a politically and culturally conscious nation as fast as possible , yet at the same time ensuring that vulgarized , superficial agitation did not become a substitute for thoroughgoing education on a broad base .
as the son of a school-inspector and a typical representative of the pre-soviet intelligentsia , lenin was torn between the conflicting needs of creating a politically and culturally conscious nation as fast as possible , yet at the same time ensuring that vulgarized , superficial agitation did not become a [use instead of] for thoroughgoing education on a broad base .

aid is essentially a substitute for saving and … a large fraction of foreign capital is used to increase consumption rather than investment .
aid is essentially a [use instead of] for saving and … a large fraction of foreign capital is used to increase consumption rather than investment .

In the same speech she said that she wanted her government to be remembered as one ‘ which decisively broke with a debilitating consensus of a paternalistic Government and a dependent people ; which rejected the notion that the State is all powerful and the citizen is merely its beneficiary ; which shattered the illusion that Government could somehow substitute for individual performance ’ .
in the same speech she said that she wanted her government to be remembered as one ‘ which decisively broke with a debilitating consensus of a paternalistic government and a dependent people ; which rejected the notion that the state is all powerful and the citizen is merely its beneficiary ; which shattered the illusion that government could somehow [use instead of] for individual performance ’ .

When the original object of a wishful impulse has been lost as a result of repression , it is frequently represented by an endless series of substitute objects none of which , however , brings full satisfaction ’ ( vii .
when the original object of a wishful impulse has been lost as a result of repression , it is frequently represented by an endless series of [use instead of] objects none of which , however , brings full satisfaction ’ ( vii .

Meyers finds ‘ The equation of the anus with the life source … an obscene and outrageous idea ’ ( Homosexuality and Literature , 148 ) and concludes that Birkin is using Ursula as a homosexual substitute — this being even more perverse than homosexuality proper because ( according to Clifford Allen in a book ominously titled Homosexuality : Its Nature , Causation and Treatment ) the anus in homosexual love symbolizes the vagina and ‘ anal intercourse is only unconscious incestuous behaviour ’ ( p. 50 , quoted by Meyers , Homosexuality and Literature , 178 ) .
meyers finds ‘ the equation of the anus with the life source … an obscene and outrageous idea ’ ( homosexuality and literature , 148 ) and concludes that birkin is using ursula as a homosexual [use instead of] — this being even more perverse than homosexuality proper because ( according to clifford allen in a book ominously titled homosexuality : its nature , causation and treatment ) the anus in homosexual love symbolizes the vagina and ‘ anal intercourse is only unconscious incestuous behaviour ’ ( p. 50 , quoted by meyers , homosexuality and literature , 178 ) .

The object of the exercise is for Vitelli doubly to substitute himself for Clara 's father : first as her husband , then as himself in , and as the father of , her son .
the object of the exercise is for vitelli doubly to [use instead of] himself for clara 's father : first as her husband , then as himself in , and as the father of , her son .

Again , sword and phallus substitute for each other , but in a uniquely revealing way : not only is Vitelli 's violence against Clara 's father erotically identified with the sexual act performed ‘ with ’ her , but the disembowelment of him is aligned with her childbirth .
again , sword and phallus [use instead of] for each other , but in a uniquely revealing way : not only is vitelli 's violence against clara 's father erotically identified with the sexual act performed ‘ with ’ her , but the disembowelment of him is aligned with her childbirth .

But it is no substitute for social justice .
but it is no [use instead of] for social justice .

But if your repertoire includes standards like Wo n't Get Fooled Again , Substitute , and My Generation , it must be galling to be made to justify your desire to go out and play them .
but if your repertoire includes standards like wo n't get fooled again , [use instead of] , and my generation , it must be galling to be made to justify your desire to go out and play them .

This , according to Miller was used to produce all the common turpentine in the shops , until a substitute from cone-bearing trees had replaced it .
this , according to miller was used to produce all the common turpentine in the shops , until a [use instead of] from cone-bearing trees had replaced it .

Examination of the courses they attended suggested that these were not uniformly suitable for wives and that more courses aimed at helping wives to substitute for husbands in an emergency would be useful .
examination of the courses they attended suggested that these were not uniformly suitable for wives and that more courses aimed at helping wives to [use instead of] for husbands in an emergency would be useful .

It should be noted that videos were not seen as a substitute for training but rather as a useful tool for the instructor .
it should be noted that videos were not seen as a [use instead of] for training but rather as a useful tool for the instructor .

Possible ways of improving the situation included : the provision of a welfare scheme of holiday and sickness relief like that in Norway ; the identification and training of a farmer substitute ; and the provision of alternative work techniques and better handling facilities .
possible ways of improving the situation included : the provision of a welfare scheme of holiday and sickness relief like that in norway ; the identification and training of a farmer [use instead of] ; and the provision of alternative work techniques and better handling facilities .

We must n't make buying things a substitute for developing the skills that will give us real and lasting confidence in ourselves .
we must n't make buying things a [use instead of] for developing the skills that will give us real and lasting confidence in ourselves .

He considered Anne as a child , as a schoolgirl , as a college student , as a would-be parent substitute , as a journalist .
he considered anne as a child , as a schoolgirl , as a college student , as a would-be parent [use instead of] , as a journalist .

The instability of Zaire , now going through its third major political upheaval in the three decades since independence , will probably encourage this kind of research into substitute materials to reduce the western world 's dependence on this critical metal .
the instability of zaire , now going through its third major political upheaval in the three decades since independence , will probably encourage this kind of research into [use instead of] materials to reduce the western world 's dependence on this critical metal .

Webb , relegated to the substitute 's bench since March 21 , was always behind United 's best attacks in the second half .
webb , relegated to the [use instead of] 's bench since march 21 , was always behind united 's best attacks in the second half .

Done improperly elsewhere they resemble semolina substitute infested with shotgun pellets ) .
done improperly elsewhere they resemble semolina [use instead of] infested with shotgun pellets ) .

Substitute care was seen as supporting parents as well as providing for children 's needs , and practical assistance as preserving the family unit .
[use instead of] care was seen as supporting parents as well as providing for children 's needs , and practical assistance as preserving the family unit .

In the early 1970s research into substitute care revealed lack of attention to planning and continuity , resulting in ‘ children who wait ’ ( Rowe and Lambert , 1973 ) ; these criticisms were taken up by a number of organizations .
in the early 1970s research into [use instead of] care revealed lack of attention to planning and continuity , resulting in ‘ children who wait ’ ( rowe and lambert , 1973 ) ; these criticisms were taken up by a number of organizations .

, 1973 ) which emphasized the damaging effects of ‘ drift ’ in care , they came to constitute a formidable ‘ Permanence Movement ’ , campaigning for early decision-making over whether a child entering care was to return to parents or be placed in permanent substitute care .
, 1973 ) which emphasized the damaging effects of ‘ drift ’ in care , they came to constitute a formidable ‘ permanence movement ’ , campaigning for early decision-making over whether a child entering care was to return to parents or be placed in permanent [use instead of] care .

The emphasis on permanence gave a high profile to ( and often statusful careers in ) adoption work and substitute care , including the identification of children whose links with natural parents should be broken .
the emphasis on permanence gave a high profile to ( and often statusful careers in ) adoption work and [use instead of] care , including the identification of children whose links with natural parents should be broken .

, 1986 ) highlighted children with no meaningful links with their natural families and no satisfactory substitute homes to replace them — echoing ‘ Children Who Wait ’ ( Rowe and Lambert , 1973 ) , but recognizing a different causal chain to the same result .
, 1986 ) highlighted children with no meaningful links with their natural families and no satisfactory [use instead of] homes to replace them — echoing ‘ children who wait ’ ( rowe and lambert , 1973 ) , but recognizing a different causal chain to the same result .

The emphasis passes from provisions that substitute for family functions to those that supplement and strengthen them .
the emphasis passes from provisions that [use instead of] for family functions to those that supplement and strengthen them .

The youth department not only supervises the quality of substitute care provided in professional terms but is mandated to involve natural parents in the assessment of the relevance of a programme to the needs of their child .
the youth department not only supervises the quality of [use instead of] care provided in professional terms but is mandated to involve natural parents in the assessment of the relevance of a programme to the needs of their child .

Tertiary , prevention … would aim at avoiding the worst consequences of a child actually having to spend long periods in substitute care .
tertiary , prevention … would aim at avoiding the worst consequences of a child actually having to spend long periods in [use instead of] care .

Yet , as is the case in Flanders and the Netherlands , the residential sector in Britain has continuing relevance , not least in performing a valuable ‘ fail safe ’ role in substitute child care , which includes helping to deal with the aftermath of fostering breakdowns ( see Berridge , 1985 ; Berridge and Cleaver , 1987 ) .
yet , as is the case in flanders and the netherlands , the residential sector in britain has continuing relevance , not least in performing a valuable ‘ fail safe ’ role in [use instead of] child care , which includes helping to deal with the aftermath of fostering breakdowns ( see berridge , 1985 ; berridge and cleaver , 1987 ) .

Each will expand to contribute to a wide variety of approaches to children and families , such as preventative work , rehabilitation , substitute care , and therapy .
each will expand to contribute to a wide variety of approaches to children and families , such as preventative work , rehabilitation , [use instead of] care , and therapy .

The simple provision of substitute care for children and an uncritical belief in welfare will not be enough as concerns with outcomes and standards increase .
the simple provision of [use instead of] care for children and an uncritical belief in welfare will not be enough as concerns with outcomes and standards increase .

An interesting and ambitious solution to the oil import bill problem is to substitute synthetic petrol made from natural gas .
an interesting and ambitious solution to the oil import bill problem is to [use instead of] synthetic petrol made from natural gas .

Prices will be decided by such factors as the supply/demand relationship , the cost of recovery as the search for fossil fuels moves to less and less hospitable regions and as the shift to more highly processed secondary fuels such as substitute natural gas and synthetic liquid continues .
prices will be decided by such factors as the supply/demand relationship , the cost of recovery as the search for fossil fuels moves to less and less hospitable regions and as the shift to more highly processed secondary fuels such as [use instead of] natural gas and synthetic liquid continues .

Biddy had produced crash-helmets for Hoomey and Nails and they were all keeping their fingers crossed that Jazz 's turban would be allowed as a substitute , as for motor-cyclists ; they had also acquired jodhpurs and boots second-hand ( one pair from Mrs Smith herself ) and a roughly matched set of yellow jerseys .
biddy had produced crash-helmets for hoomey and nails and they were all keeping their fingers crossed that jazz 's turban would be allowed as a [use instead of] , as for motor-cyclists ; they had also acquired jodhpurs and boots second-hand ( one pair from mrs smith herself ) and a roughly matched set of yellow jerseys .

There was , therefore , usually some scope for an enterprise to substitute domestically produced materials for imported materials , and there was never any guarantee that foreign exchange retained by enterprises would be used solely for producing exports .
there was , therefore , usually some scope for an enterprise to [use instead of] domestically produced materials for imported materials , and there was never any guarantee that foreign exchange retained by enterprises would be used solely for producing exports .

He will be supported up front by Hamburg 's Jan Furtok and the tousle-haired Roman Kosecki , a lively substitute at Wembley who , like his captain , Dariusz Wdowczyk , will be hoping to impress British talent spotters .
he will be supported up front by hamburg 's jan furtok and the tousle-haired roman kosecki , a lively [use instead of] at wembley who , like his captain , dariusz wdowczyk , will be hoping to impress british talent spotters .

But Argonaut , brought in as a substitute for Walzerkoenig , ended the German 's week on a happier note with some powerful jumping and nimble turning .
but argonaut , brought in as a [use instead of] for walzerkoenig , ended the german 's week on a happier note with some powerful jumping and nimble turning .

He gives us no sign that he believes God will provide a substitute at the last moment , no sign of a conviction that all will be well in the end .
he gives us no sign that he believes god will provide a [use instead of] at the last moment , no sign of a conviction that all will be well in the end .

The Philistines in the narrative of 1 Samuel have no image of the Israelites ' god , Yahweh , but they understand , or think they understand , the significance of the ark , and regard it as a convenient substitute .
the philistines in the narrative of 1 samuel have no image of the israelites ' god , yahweh , but they understand , or think they understand , the significance of the ark , and regard it as a convenient [use instead of] .

The frustrated resorted to petting as a substitute .
the frustrated resorted to petting as a [use instead of] .

Goldie , the Blue Peter dog , was pet of the year in 1981 and was deemed to have been a substitute pet for many youngsters unable to keep pets of their own at home .
goldie , the blue peter dog , was pet of the year in 1981 and was deemed to have been a [use instead of] pet for many youngsters unable to keep pets of their own at home .

Presentations will concentrate on growing , harvesting , storage and feeding as well as the economics of the crop as a bulk feed , concentrate substitute and profit-improver .
presentations will concentrate on growing , harvesting , storage and feeding as well as the economics of the crop as a bulk feed , concentrate [use instead of] and profit-improver .

So how close are we to seeing dual-fuel powerplants in tractors ? Not very , despite the fact that gas can substitute 50–80% of diesel oil .
so how close are we to seeing dual-fuel powerplants in tractors ? not very , despite the fact that gas can [use instead of] 50–80% of diesel oil .

They lived with the shepherds and survived chiefly on mutton cooked with wild herbs , spignel meu they found to be a good substitute for rosemary and the child loved to eat the aniseed-flavoured seedheads .
they lived with the shepherds and survived chiefly on mutton cooked with wild herbs , spignel meu they found to be a good [use instead of] for rosemary and the child loved to eat the aniseed-flavoured seedheads .

So ‘ Safety First ’ was not a substitute for lack of ideas and policies : it was deliberately chosen by Baldwin from a number of possible election platforms .
so ‘ safety first ’ was not a [use instead of] for lack of ideas and policies : it was deliberately chosen by baldwin from a number of possible election platforms .

Exercises in a room were all very well , but they were no substitute for running every day .
exercises in a room were all very well , but they were no [use instead of] for running every day .

Bark : Already widely used as a mulch , it also shows promise , after suitable treatment , as a substitute for peat .
bark : already widely used as a mulch , it also shows promise , after suitable treatment , as a [use instead of] for peat .

The aim in both cases was to substitute Man for God in a new temple of humanity .
the aim in both cases was to [use instead of] man for god in a new temple of humanity .

Scepticism and an attitude of indifference to the prospect of final extinction have proved , as a matter of practical experience , no adequate substitute for the doctrine of immortality , however illusory one may hold it to be .
scepticism and an attitude of indifference to the prospect of final extinction have proved , as a matter of practical experience , no adequate [use instead of] for the doctrine of immortality , however illusory one may hold it to be .

Into the vacancy in men 's minds left by the retreat of the centennial myths of Christianity , crept strange cults and substitute faiths , some of which we shall look at in chapter ten .
into the vacancy in men 's minds left by the retreat of the centennial myths of christianity , crept strange cults and [use instead of] faiths , some of which we shall look at in chapter ten .

19ff ) ; one of the earliest attested acts of faith centred upon the near sacrifice of a human being ( Isaac , son of Abraham ) , replaced at the last moment by a substitute ram which was given as a burnt-offering ( Gen. 22 ) ; and the first redemption of the embryonic nation Israel involved the smearing of the blood of the Passover lamb on the doorposts and lintels of the Hebrews ' homes in Egypt as a sign to the Angel of Death to leave them in safety ( Exod .
19ff ) ; one of the earliest attested acts of faith centred upon the near sacrifice of a human being ( isaac , son of abraham ) , replaced at the last moment by a [use instead of] ram which was given as a burnt-offering ( gen. 22 ) ; and the first redemption of the embryonic nation israel involved the smearing of the blood of the passover lamb on the doorposts and lintels of the hebrews ' homes in egypt as a sign to the angel of death to leave them in safety ( exod .

Already at this stage of the rite 's evolution , the absence of a similar rite or substitute ceremony for the girl was a loaded omission .
already at this stage of the rite 's evolution , the absence of a similar rite or [use instead of] ceremony for the girl was a loaded omission .

Grandparents were in a uniquely strong position as substitute parents , for they were both progenitors and chosen friends .
grandparents were in a uniquely strong position as [use instead of] parents , for they were both progenitors and chosen friends .

For practical and economic reasons , therefore and in general , the main objective of systematic cleaning will be to reduce the use of manual labour as far as possible and to substitute other forms of energy mainly chemical .
for practical and economic reasons , therefore and in general , the main objective of systematic cleaning will be to reduce the use of manual labour as far as possible and to [use instead of] other forms of energy mainly chemical .

In many situations , however , there is no substitute for the use of chemicals as the application of heat is impracticable .
in many situations , however , there is no [use instead of] for the use of chemicals as the application of heat is impracticable .

Great emphasis is put on writing and drawing skills and typewriters are not seen as a substitute for writing .
great emphasis is put on writing and drawing skills and typewriters are not seen as a [use instead of] for writing .

Starting with 30 monitoring points , the system offers massive flexibility due to the fact that it can substitute two wires , punctuated by individually programmed chips , for the massive bunch of wires which would be needed by a conventional system .
starting with 30 monitoring points , the system offers massive flexibility due to the fact that it can [use instead of] two wires , punctuated by individually programmed chips , for the massive bunch of wires which would be needed by a conventional system .

Time magazine still regarded him as a bit of an upstart , stating that his attempts at humour made him look like a third Smothers Brothers , and his laconic manner appeared to be a handy substitute for acting .
time magazine still regarded him as a bit of an upstart , stating that his attempts at humour made him look like a third smothers brothers , and his laconic manner appeared to be a handy [use instead of] for acting .

It also exonerates the community from taking on some of these tasks — caring for the elderly , the chronically sick and the disabled , and it is this aspects of the emphasis on family responsibility that produces scepticism about the motivation of exponents of active citizenship : it is seen as a substitute for the state 's responsibility for the social element of the citizenship of entitlement .
it also exonerates the community from taking on some of these tasks — caring for the elderly , the chronically sick and the disabled , and it is this aspects of the emphasis on family responsibility that produces scepticism about the motivation of exponents of active citizenship : it is seen as a [use instead of] for the state 's responsibility for the social element of the citizenship of entitlement .

’ In other words , active citizenship should be regarded as a supplement to , not as a substitute for , the citizenship of entitlement .
’ in other words , active citizenship should be regarded as a supplement to , not as a [use instead of] for , the citizenship of entitlement .

The Committee was disappointed that there was not an evening round-up of each day 's business ; it found the morning programme a less than adequate substitute .
the committee was disappointed that there was not an evening round-up of each day 's business ; it found the morning programme a less than adequate [use instead of] .

It is acidic , hence the rhododendron ; gardeners with limy or heavy clay soil could substitute yellow-flowered Mahonia japonica , and go for a lively contrast .
it is acidic , hence the rhododendron ; gardeners with limy or heavy clay soil could [use instead of] yellow-flowered mahonia japonica , and go for a lively contrast .

‘ We do n't want to get too bogged in permutations , ’ said Mr Reid , a likely substitute again tonight .
‘ we do n't want to get too bogged in permutations , ’ said mr reid , a likely [use instead of] again tonight .

Mr Hay left out the experienced campaigners Karen Brown , Vickey Dixon and Jane Sixsmith from the starting line-up , though Sixsmith came on as a late substitute for Joanne Menown .
mr hay left out the experienced campaigners karen brown , vickey dixon and jane sixsmith from the starting line-up , though sixsmith came on as a late [use instead of] for joanne menown .

City : Chalker substitute at Euro bank summit
city : chalker [use instead of] at euro bank summit

For women or wife substitute children . Just who are we trying to protect with these archaic attitudes ?
for women or wife [use instead of] children . just who are we trying to protect with these archaic attitudes ?

Like the English Marxists , though for more pragmatic reasons , he wants to demystify literary study , and to substitute ‘ textual study ’ for it .
like the english marxists , though for more pragmatic reasons , he wants to demystify literary study , and to [use instead of] ‘ textual study ’ for it .

The forwards exerted pressure from time to time , with Thompson and the substitute Garcia both going close to scoring .
the forwards exerted pressure from time to time , with thompson and the [use instead of] garcia both going close to scoring .

In the 52nd minute England had two chances to clear before the second-half substitute Qamar Ibrahim scored .
in the 52nd minute england had two chances to clear before the second-half [use instead of] qamar ibrahim scored .

It was the fate of countless unfortunates a few seasons ago to become the terraces ' substitute for Sylvester Stallone .
it was the fate of countless unfortunates a few seasons ago to become the terraces ' [use instead of] for sylvester stallone .

Urine advertised as free of detectable drugs is on offer by mail-order to anxious test takers , who could try to substitute it for their own .
urine advertised as free of detectable drugs is on offer by mail-order to anxious test takers , who could try to [use instead of] it for their own .

Job-related performance testing , such as use of flight simulators to check the condition of pilots , has been suggested as a preferable substitute for the drug hunt .
job-related performance testing , such as use of flight simulators to check the condition of pilots , has been suggested as a preferable [use instead of] for the drug hunt .

It was the fate of countless unfortunates a few seasons ago to become the terraces ' substitute for Sylvester Stallone .
it was the fate of countless unfortunates a few seasons ago to become the terraces ' [use instead of] for sylvester stallone .

Leota , aged 25 , was an exciting member of the party though his Test contribution was restricted to an appearance as substitute .
leota , aged 25 , was an exciting member of the party though his test contribution was restricted to an appearance as [use instead of] .

It was a quality goal nearly upstaged five minutes later by a 25-yard screamer from the substitute Horne .
it was a quality goal nearly upstaged five minutes later by a 25-yard screamer from the [use instead of] horne .

She was of course interested in his progress , but as he had already told them , a mother substitute had been appointed to give the child his direct physical care .
she was of course interested in his progress , but as he had already told them , a mother [use instead of] had been appointed to give the child his direct physical care .

Agendas , minutes and related papers are available For inspection at the school , but this is no substitute for attendance at meetings if public information and debate is fully intended .
agendas , minutes and related papers are available for inspection at the school , but this is no [use instead of] for attendance at meetings if public information and debate is fully intended .

Time would show that it was not quite , perhaps , such a close union as the Queen thought and that mutual esteem between sovereigns , while useful , was no substitute for hard and fast agreements between states .
time would show that it was not quite , perhaps , such a close union as the queen thought and that mutual esteem between sovereigns , while useful , was no [use instead of] for hard and fast agreements between states .

Some even promoted the idea of an enlightened socialist administration of the colonies — ‘ until the Federation of the world becomes an accomplished fact , we must accept the most responsible imperial federations available as a substitute for it ' ( George Bernard Shaw ) .
some even promoted the idea of an enlightened socialist administration of the colonies — ‘ until the federation of the world becomes an accomplished fact , we must accept the most responsible imperial federations available as a [use instead of] for it ' ( george bernard shaw ) .

Nevertheless , it is still open to question whether these arrangements are an adequate substitute for parliamentary scrutiny .
nevertheless , it is still open to question whether these arrangements are an adequate [use instead of] for parliamentary scrutiny .

Quite the contrary , all the evidence from experiments with mice , which have been intensively studied , shows that it is not even possible for the nucleus of a very early embryonic mouse cell to substitute for the egg nucleus .
quite the contrary , all the evidence from experiments with mice , which have been intensively studied , shows that it is not even possible for the nucleus of a very early embryonic mouse cell to [use instead of] for the egg nucleus .

Once he had decided on Free-range chicken à la Thallium , it was fairly important not to buy anything Elinor might choose as a substitute .
once he had decided on free-range chicken à la thallium , it was fairly important not to buy anything elinor might choose as a [use instead of] .

While you can substitute another activity for one the patient wants to abandon , you should not allow him to stop and do nothing .
while you can [use instead of] another activity for one the patient wants to abandon , you should not allow him to stop and do nothing .

Skilled treatment for the hemiplegic patient is very specialized , and there is no viable substitute for it .
skilled treatment for the hemiplegic patient is very specialized , and there is no viable [use instead of] for it .

The area of medical jurisprudence is replete with such absurdities , which date from an earlier age when superstition was a substitute for knowledge .
the area of medical jurisprudence is replete with such absurdities , which date from an earlier age when superstition was a [use instead of] for knowledge .

Do not assume that storage heaters can operate satisfactorily without supplementation by fires or radiators of one sort or another — there is no substitute for instant heat when and where you want it .
do not assume that storage heaters can operate satisfactorily without supplementation by fires or radiators of one sort or another — there is no [use instead of] for instant heat when and where you want it .

Meanwhile , the influence of Mithraism had led the pagans to substitute Dies Solis ( the Sunday ) for the Dies Saturnis ( the Saturn-day ) as the first day of the week .
meanwhile , the influence of mithraism had led the pagans to [use instead of] dies solis ( the sunday ) for the dies saturnis ( the saturn-day ) as the first day of the week .

But once certified organic by the Soil Association , a farmer can charge a premium for produce to substitute the loss in yield .
but once certified organic by the soil association , a farmer can charge a premium for produce to [use instead of] the loss in yield .

This is the stuff that skiing is a poor substitute for .
this is the stuff that skiing is a poor [use instead of] for .

Ice-cream as sex substitute or sex aid ?
ice-cream as sex [use instead of] or sex aid ?

How do you rate your parents ' ( or substitute model ) marriage on a scale of to 10 in the following areas ( 10 being the highest ) :
how do you rate your parents ' ( or [use instead of] model ) marriage on a scale of to 10 in the following areas ( 10 being the highest ) :

Polish nationalism , as Rosa Luxemburg pointed out to Lenin on several occasions , was unusual in that it was not primarily a bourgeois phenomenon , but rather a substitute for ideology taken over from the szlachta by the Polish peasantry as they and the lower ranks of the gentry coalesced to form an industrial working class and a commercial bourgeoisie.14 An important component of Polish political life , and part of the damage wrought by partition , was the continuing failure to produce an ideology that went beyond the purely national to link the aspiration to exist as an independent nation with either capitalist organisation or a socialist vision of society .
polish nationalism , as rosa luxemburg pointed out to lenin on several occasions , was unusual in that it was not primarily a bourgeois phenomenon , but rather a [use instead of] for ideology taken over from the szlachta by the polish peasantry as they and the lower ranks of the gentry coalesced to form an industrial working class and a commercial bourgeoisie.14 an important component of polish political life , and part of the damage wrought by partition , was the continuing failure to produce an ideology that went beyond the purely national to link the aspiration to exist as an independent nation with either capitalist organisation or a socialist vision of society .

Hens seem to recognise and accept a moulded hollow depression separated from the main cage area as an adequate substitute for a real nest .
hens seem to recognise and accept a moulded hollow depression separated from the main cage area as an adequate [use instead of] for a real nest .

It is not a sign of aggression but is , rather , a substitute for the pecking and scratching the birds would do if they were able to forage or dustbathe in an unrestricted and varied environment .
it is not a sign of aggression but is , rather , a [use instead of] for the pecking and scratching the birds would do if they were able to forage or dustbathe in an unrestricted and varied environment .

Secondly , it was recognised that existing services were often vital but that they were unable to meet all the needs of this special group of elderly people and that different types of service might be required ; it was never intended that the project should deprive people of existing services and substitute others for them , but that it should bridge gaps between those already available , whether statutory , voluntary or private .
secondly , it was recognised that existing services were often vital but that they were unable to meet all the needs of this special group of elderly people and that different types of service might be required ; it was never intended that the project should deprive people of existing services and [use instead of] others for them , but that it should bridge gaps between those already available , whether statutory , voluntary or private .

However , in order that the scheme could , if successful , be relatively easily incorporated by local authorities into existing patterns of service provision it was decided not to substitute but to see whether it was possible to work alongside other services .
however , in order that the scheme could , if successful , be relatively easily incorporated by local authorities into existing patterns of service provision it was decided not to [use instead of] but to see whether it was possible to work alongside other services .

In some cases the development officer found it easier to substitute support workers for a home help .
in some cases the development officer found it easier to [use instead of] support workers for a home help .

Try using skimmed or semi-skimmed milk , or substitute dairy milk with soya milk .
try using skimmed or semi-skimmed milk , or [use instead of] dairy milk with soya milk .

Spiritual direction is not an elite alternative , for a guiding relationship is no substitute either for corporate life and learning within the body of Christ or for everyday relationships .
spiritual direction is not an elite alternative , for a guiding relationship is no [use instead of] either for corporate life and learning within the body of christ or for everyday relationships .

At first the army would not consider a discharge before a substitute had been supplied .
at first the army would not consider a discharge before a [use instead of] had been supplied .

With teaching , surely there is no substitute for personality .
with teaching , surely there is no [use instead of] for personality .

In later law , however , a testator would have had no need to concern himself with this , since a rescript of Severus and Caracalla introduced the rule that , failing evidence to the contrary , dispositions charged on the heir were also to be understood to be payable by a substitute .
in later law , however , a testator would have had no need to concern himself with this , since a rescript of severus and caracalla introduced the rule that , failing evidence to the contrary , dispositions charged on the heir were also to be understood to be payable by a [use instead of] .

In those days , shorthand writers formed the only means by which ordinary speech could be recorded , and it was as a substitute for the stenographer that the phonograph was first marketed .
in those days , shorthand writers formed the only means by which ordinary speech could be recorded , and it was as a [use instead of] for the stenographer that the phonograph was first marketed .

To save on personnel and consequently to minimize undesirable social contact , the original Metropolitan Commissioners had submitted the personal qualities of ‘ forbearance ’ and ‘ calm demeanour ’ as the major responses to the threat , as the inhibiters of opposition , and as a substitute for colleague support .
to save on personnel and consequently to minimize undesirable social contact , the original metropolitan commissioners had submitted the personal qualities of ‘ forbearance ’ and ‘ calm demeanour ’ as the major responses to the threat , as the inhibiters of opposition , and as a [use instead of] for colleague support .

Sir Alf Ramsey included David as substitute in his England Under 23 side against Wales at Swansea on l November 1967 , but Palace fans of the period will contend that David was worthy of further honours He eventually left us for orient in August 1973 ; his departure was regretted by the fans , who had always held this likeable young man in immense respect and affection .
sir alf ramsey included david as [use instead of] in his england under 23 side against wales at swansea on l november 1967 , but palace fans of the period will contend that david was worthy of further honours he eventually left us for orient in august 1973 ; his departure was regretted by the fans , who had always held this likeable young man in immense respect and affection .

Curiously , of John 's first hundred Palace appearances , almost half were as a substitute and , although he demonstrated great potential , he never really established himself as a regular member of our side until the autumn of 1990 .
curiously , of john 's first hundred palace appearances , almost half were as a [use instead of] and , although he demonstrated great potential , he never really established himself as a regular member of our side until the autumn of 1990 .

There is no substitute for a planned management style .
there is no [use instead of] for a planned management style .

Whilst it is certainly true that behaviour is no substitute for knowledge , the way you behave is the biggest single factor in making an impact on the way other people respond to you .
whilst it is certainly true that behaviour is no [use instead of] for knowledge , the way you behave is the biggest single factor in making an impact on the way other people respond to you .

As we leave the womb , enter the world and grow , and get over the initial wonder of walking , we change our pre-natal wheelchair for a series of substitute wheelchairs — bicycles , motor-cycles , cars , taxis , buses , trains , aeroplanes — and chairs ( in houses , schools , offices ; anywhere where people gather and sit ) .
as we leave the womb , enter the world and grow , and get over the initial wonder of walking , we change our pre-natal wheelchair for a series of [use instead of] wheelchairs — bicycles , motor-cycles , cars , taxis , buses , trains , aeroplanes — and chairs ( in houses , schools , offices ; anywhere where people gather and sit ) .

Try to break the habit of adding salt at the table , if necessary using a low sodium salt substitute .
try to break the habit of adding salt at the table , if necessary using a low sodium salt [use instead of] .

Most of us clinging to our recently lost life style can be excused for hunting an acceptable substitute for the ‘ real McCoy ’ .
most of us clinging to our recently lost life style can be excused for hunting an acceptable [use instead of] for the ‘ real mccoy ’ .

Passion fruit juice soothes burns , try the Body Shop 's Passion Fruit Cleansing Gel as a substitute for soap
passion fruit juice soothes burns , try the body shop 's passion fruit cleansing gel as a [use instead of] for soap

Reading about it in the popular press is no substitute for the scrutiny that follows the disclosure required by technical journals .
reading about it in the popular press is no [use instead of] for the scrutiny that follows the disclosure required by technical journals .

Another solution is to substitute fibre-optic signal links .
another solution is to [use instead of] fibre-optic signal links .

The computer acts as a substitute for human friends , perhaps , but the infatuation may also bring about the end of existing relationships .
the computer acts as a [use instead of] for human friends , perhaps , but the infatuation may also bring about the end of existing relationships .

They offer a way to substitute local wood and charcoal for expensive imported diesel and petrol .
they offer a way to [use instead of] local wood and charcoal for expensive imported diesel and petrol .

Gas can substitute entirely for petrol , because ignition is caused by a spark-plug .
gas can [use instead of] entirely for petrol , because ignition is caused by a spark-plug .

As he is something of a carpenter ( he built his own sail boat for use on the Chesapeake ) , he found it simple enough to take off the right-angled corners and substitute curves .
as he is something of a carpenter ( he built his own sail boat for use on the chesapeake ) , he found it simple enough to take off the right-angled corners and [use instead of] curves .

Two of the women who founded the centre in 1980 , the charismatic Mrs Penny Brohn , a cancer sufferer herself who has spurned the path of orthodox medicine , and Mrs Pat Pilkington , and Dr Alec Forbes , the centre 's medical adviser , made it quite clear in the first of the series of six , that the centre 's work was to be seen as supplementary to orthodox treatment and not a substitute for it .
two of the women who founded the centre in 1980 , the charismatic mrs penny brohn , a cancer sufferer herself who has spurned the path of orthodox medicine , and mrs pat pilkington , and dr alec forbes , the centre 's medical adviser , made it quite clear in the first of the series of six , that the centre 's work was to be seen as supplementary to orthodox treatment and not a [use instead of] for it .

One clearly libidinous writer gives thanks for my providing him with a far from platitudinous substitute for an invitation to come up and look at etchings .
one clearly libidinous writer gives thanks for my providing him with a far from platitudinous [use instead of] for an invitation to come up and look at etchings .

To deal with these , and any imperfect nuts , there is no substitute for the keen eyes and picky fingers of rows of women , who scan moving belts which cunningly tip the nuts over to expose all their weaknesses , and remove offending objects .
to deal with these , and any imperfect nuts , there is no [use instead of] for the keen eyes and picky fingers of rows of women , who scan moving belts which cunningly tip the nuts over to expose all their weaknesses , and remove offending objects .

Something else that is added to marzipan , or even used as an almond substitute , is apricot kernels .
something else that is added to marzipan , or even used as an almond [use instead of] , is apricot kernels .

Perhaps Engelberger 's idea of the paradise on Earth is robots to substitute for human teachers , hospital nurses , and doctors .
perhaps engelberger 's idea of the paradise on earth is robots to [use instead of] for human teachers , hospital nurses , and doctors .

Dr John Ball , a member of the Greenfield working party and chairman of the General Medical Services Committee of the British Medical Association , told New Scientist this week that he no longer backed the plan to substitute expensive branded products with cheaper ‘ generic ’ versions .
dr john ball , a member of the greenfield working party and chairman of the general medical services committee of the british medical association , told new scientist this week that he no longer backed the plan to [use instead of] expensive branded products with cheaper ‘ generic ’ versions .

The Greenfield report recommends that prescription forms should contain a box , which doctors should tick if they want to insist on the branded drug , rather than an approved substitute .
the greenfield report recommends that prescription forms should contain a box , which doctors should tick if they want to insist on the branded drug , rather than an approved [use instead of] .

Mysticism is the product of those who fail to understand , the substitute for comprehension and the margarine of philosophy .
mysticism is the product of those who fail to understand , the [use instead of] for comprehension and the margarine of philosophy .

The Institutions of the European Community are in angry disarray over the drafting of a code to govern the sale of infant formula — the substitute for breast milk .
the institutions of the european community are in angry disarray over the drafting of a code to govern the sale of infant formula — the [use instead of] for breast milk .

One technique is to excite a jackass with a jenny donkey and then au moment critique , substitute a mare .
one technique is to excite a jackass with a jenny donkey and then au moment critique , [use instead of] a mare .

If you are working outside as well as inside the home , try to use some of your earnings to ease household jobs — for example , substitute duvets for sheets and blankets to save laundry and bed-making , or buy a food processor to do in seconds what takes hours by hand .
if you are working outside as well as inside the home , try to use some of your earnings to ease household jobs — for example , [use instead of] duvets for sheets and blankets to save laundry and bed-making , or buy a food processor to do in seconds what takes hours by hand .

At the other extreme , some grandparents are forced by circumstances , or by their children 's choices , to behave as substitute mothers and fathers .
at the other extreme , some grandparents are forced by circumstances , or by their children 's choices , to behave as [use instead of] mothers and fathers .

Substitute parents
[use instead of] parents

When parents ceased to be available , primitive man could well have felt the loss , and the need to transfer the dependence elsewhere and this led eventually to some form of imagined substitute , or ‘ god ’ as the surrogate .
when parents ceased to be available , primitive man could well have felt the loss , and the need to transfer the dependence elsewhere and this led eventually to some form of imagined [use instead of] , or ‘ god ’ as the surrogate .

These could , probably more easily in early , rather than in later man , have been powerful enough to cause him to seek a substitute for his natural father or mother when they were no longer available to him , and he was in need .
these could , probably more easily in early , rather than in later man , have been powerful enough to cause him to seek a [use instead of] for his natural father or mother when they were no longer available to him , and he was in need .

This substitute would most likely have been an animal , and it is reasonable to assume that by this time animals were , to some extent at least , tamed if not domesticated .
this [use instead of] would most likely have been an animal , and it is reasonable to assume that by this time animals were , to some extent at least , tamed if not domesticated .

Mankind as a whole , or much more probably a tribe or race more advanced than others , had reached the conclusion that some less harsh substitute for the laws of survival which produced the human body had to be found in order to bring about the necessary control .
mankind as a whole , or much more probably a tribe or race more advanced than others , had reached the conclusion that some less harsh [use instead of] for the laws of survival which produced the human body had to be found in order to bring about the necessary control .

Rousseau ( 1762 , p.54 ) wrote in Émile : ‘ Childhood has its own ways of seeing , thinking and feeling ; nothing is more foolish than to try and substitute our ways ’ .
rousseau ( 1762 , p.54 ) wrote in émile : ‘ childhood has its own ways of seeing , thinking and feeling ; nothing is more foolish than to try and [use instead of] our ways ’ .

There is no substitute for the guidance and direction of a good coach , but such people are not always available or affordable .
there is no [use instead of] for the guidance and direction of a good coach , but such people are not always available or affordable .

There is no substitute for guidance and sharing ideas at meetings of parents , teachers , librarians , and the like .
there is no [use instead of] for guidance and sharing ideas at meetings of parents , teachers , librarians , and the like .

The principle known as novation is the key here , being an agreement with the creditor to substitute one debtor for another .
the principle known as novation is the key here , being an agreement with the creditor to [use instead of] one debtor for another .

Thus the new reality is that a small group of people substitute themselves for the class as a whole and decide what is best for all .
thus the new reality is that a small group of people [use instead of] themselves for the class as a whole and decide what is best for all .

In the wild they attach their canopies by a little silk pad to the plant 's stem , or a leaf : the lid is the obvious substitute for this .
in the wild they attach their canopies by a little silk pad to the plant 's stem , or a leaf : the lid is the obvious [use instead of] for this .

Of course , you may have to provide your own substitute for the impeccable James who serves it .
of course , you may have to provide your own [use instead of] for the impeccable james who serves it .

And not just cheesecake : Staley 's fat substitute could revolutionise the world diet food market .
and not just cheesecake : staley 's fat [use instead of] could revolutionise the world diet food market .

He also knew about Ruby , codename for a project to develop a fat substitute based on corn syrup .
he also knew about ruby , codename for a project to develop a fat [use instead of] based on corn syrup .

Tate & Lyle will also clash heads with Nutrasweet in the fat substitute sector .
tate & lyle will also clash heads with nutrasweet in the fat [use instead of] sector .

Nutrasweet markets a dairy protein-based fat substitute called Simpless , though Shaw is confident Ruby will outshine it and is installing production capacity apace .
nutrasweet markets a dairy protein-based fat [use instead of] called simpless , though shaw is confident ruby will outshine it and is installing production capacity apace .

Avoid them for two weeks , but substitute other foods that will fulfil your nutritional needs .
avoid them for two weeks , but [use instead of] other foods that will fulfil your nutritional needs .

The ideal tear substitute should promote the formation of a functional tear film which would preserve visual sharpness and restore and maintain the health of the cornea ( Fig .
the ideal tear [use instead of] should promote the formation of a functional tear film which would preserve visual sharpness and restore and maintain the health of the cornea ( fig .

Indeed , it can sometimes be used as a board substitute but can not entirely replace it .
indeed , it can sometimes be used as a board [use instead of] but can not entirely replace it .

The following list of the main nutrients in food shows that if there is one type of food that you do n't like , or find too expensive , it is possible to substitute another within the same group to keep the diet balanced .
the following list of the main nutrients in food shows that if there is one type of food that you do n't like , or find too expensive , it is possible to [use instead of] another within the same group to keep the diet balanced .

However , Hills found , in the investigation of self-teaching methods referred to above , that when tape-slide presentations were used as a substitute for normal lectures , these were ‘ not well received ’ .
however , hills found , in the investigation of self-teaching methods referred to above , that when tape-slide presentations were used as a [use instead of] for normal lectures , these were ‘ not well received ’ .

Cakes baked on the gridiron were regarded as a luxury , and sometimes a substitute for tea was made by pouring boiling water over burnt crusts of bread .
cakes baked on the gridiron were regarded as a luxury , and sometimes a [use instead of] for tea was made by pouring boiling water over burnt crusts of bread .

Could we substitute a Dennis Nilsen version of Treasure Hunt in which you have to guess where he 's buried the bodies ?
could we [use instead of] a dennis nilsen version of treasure hunt in which you have to guess where he 's buried the bodies ?

Wittgenstein , according to Don , explored the way we use language to substitute for reality .
wittgenstein , according to don , explored the way we use language to [use instead of] for reality .

Love which makes the world go round is no substitute for gelatine when it comes to holding together a lasting peace , for love is the most abused four letter word in the language .
love which makes the world go round is no [use instead of] for gelatine when it comes to holding together a lasting peace , for love is the most abused four letter word in the language .

This is why the responsibility of ( say ) looking after a small brother or sister is so valuable in enhancing the social awareness and maturity of the older boy or girl who is doing the substitute parenting .
this is why the responsibility of ( say ) looking after a small brother or sister is so valuable in enhancing the social awareness and maturity of the older boy or girl who is doing the [use instead of] parenting .

Urban Programme funding has , therefore , all too often operated not as a last resort , supporting imaginative projects , but as a substitute for resources cut from other budgets .
urban programme funding has , therefore , all too often operated not as a last resort , supporting imaginative projects , but as a [use instead of] for resources cut from other budgets .

There is no quick substitute .
there is no quick [use instead of] .

As Ives ( 1987 ) comments , findings such as these have important implications for the formulation of mitigating plans ; the introduction of more efficient wood-burning stoves , for example , while reducing the need for fuelwood does not provide a substitute for arable land .
as ives ( 1987 ) comments , findings such as these have important implications for the formulation of mitigating plans ; the introduction of more efficient wood-burning stoves , for example , while reducing the need for fuelwood does not provide a [use instead of] for arable land .

To emphasise his authority the unforgiving Rangers boss exposed Roberts to a humiliating period as a reserve team substitute .
to emphasise his authority the unforgiving rangers boss exposed roberts to a humiliating period as a reserve team [use instead of] .

Throughout his career he has lurched from one extreme to another , noisy then quiet , a prolific goal scorer then a famine victim , a superstar then a substitute .
throughout his career he has lurched from one extreme to another , noisy then quiet , a prolific goal scorer then a famine victim , a superstar then a [use instead of] .

It is never a substitute for calling your medical practitioner .
it is never a [use instead of] for calling your medical practitioner .

It should be plain that cases such as this require urgent , expert medical attention for which Arnica is no substitute even though it may well help .
it should be plain that cases such as this require urgent , expert medical attention for which arnica is no [use instead of] even though it may well help .

To grant children adequate attention and involvement , there is no substitute for slowing down and reexamining the pace of everyday life .
to grant children adequate attention and involvement , there is no [use instead of] for slowing down and reexamining the pace of everyday life .

Looking back , I ’ d say they were her substitute family ; she ‘ adopted ’ them , and they ‘ adopted ’ her .
looking back , i ’ d say they were her [use instead of] family ; she ‘ adopted ’ them , and they ‘ adopted ’ her .

In their ﬁrst efforts to write , preschoolers commonly assume that letters ( just like pictures and ﬁrst substitute objects ) look like their meanings .
in their ﬁrst efforts to write , preschoolers commonly assume that letters ( just like pictures and ﬁrst [use instead of] objects ) look like their meanings .

This generally involves modifications to improve the efficiency of the bundle system , using a variety of methods : “ engineering ” the assembly process to reduce direct labor requirements for each step , changing the incentive rate to encourage workers to increase their pace , or adopting new technologies to substitute for labor-intensive assembly steps .
this generally involves modifications to improve the efficiency of the bundle system , using a variety of methods : “ engineering ” the assembly process to reduce direct labor requirements for each step , changing the incentive rate to encourage workers to increase their pace , or adopting new technologies to [use instead of] for labor-intensive assembly steps .

Such retailers can also gather data about customer demographics , past purchases , and responses to potential substitute items , all of which add up to a gold mine of information about consumer preferences .
such retailers can also gather data about customer demographics , past purchases , and responses to potential [use instead of] items , all of which add up to a gold mine of information about consumer preferences .

Will the customer buy a substitute item if a particular item is out of stock or return to the same store at a later date to purchase the item when it is again in stock ?
will the customer buy a [use instead of] item if a particular item is out of stock or return to the same store at a later date to purchase the item when it is again in stock ?

That is , while it ’ s fun to read recipes and look at photographs of table settings in Gourmet magazine , no one I know considers this a substitute for eating .
that is , while it ’ s fun to read recipes and look at photographs of table settings in gourmet magazine , no one i know considers this a [use instead of] for eating .

This is another case where photographs are a poor substitute .
this is another case where photographs are a poor [use instead of] .

Because , as in Lego World , the more objects there are in the economy , the more complement and substitute relations exist among those objects , as well as potential new objects in the adjacent possible .
because , as in lego world , the more objects there are in the economy , the more complement and [use instead of] relations exist among those objects , as well as potential new objects in the adjacent possible .

If there are N objects , the number of potential complement or substitute relations scales at least as N squared since each object might be a complement or substitute of any object .
if there are n objects , the number of potential complement or [use instead of] relations scales at least as n squared since each object might be a complement or [use instead of] of any object .

The concrete Causeway was built as a temporary substitute for the bridge lost after a hurricane in the early part of the 20th century , but it has never been replaced .
the concrete causeway was built as a temporary [use instead of] for the bridge lost after a hurricane in the early part of the 20th century , but it has never been replaced .

However , for the full trekking experience , nothing can substitute for the fully-catered tenting trek , which is patterned on the first Everest expeditions of the 1950s .
however , for the full trekking experience , nothing can [use instead of] for the fully-catered tenting trek , which is patterned on the first everest expeditions of the 1950s .

However , keep in mind that there is no substitute for your own tried-and-true equipment .
however , keep in mind that there is no [use instead of] for your own tried-and-true equipment .

Only an expert can distinguish between a genuine tusk and substitute material .
only an expert can distinguish between a genuine tusk and [use instead of] material .

These ink stamps ( also called “ chops ” ) are the traditional Chinese substitute for handwritten signatures .
these ink stamps ( also called “ chops ” ) are the traditional chinese [use instead of] for handwritten signatures .

Reorganization Homeland Security Strategy In recent testimony before the Congress , GAO urged that the proposal for establishing DHS should not be considered a substitute for , nor should it supplant , the timely issuance of a national homeland security strategy.2 Based on our prior work , GAO believes that the consolidation of some homeland security functions makes sense and will , if properly organized and implemented , over time lead to more efficient , effective , and coordinated programs ; better intelligence sharing ; and a more robust protection of our people , borders , and critical infrastructure .
reorganization homeland security strategy in recent testimony before the congress , gao urged that the proposal for establishing dhs should not be considered a [use instead of] for , nor should it supplant , the timely issuance of a national homeland security strategy.2 based on our prior work , gao believes that the consolidation of some homeland security functions makes sense and will , if properly organized and implemented , over time lead to more efficient , effective , and coordinated programs ; better intelligence sharing ; and a more robust protection of our people , borders , and critical infrastructure .

In addition , GAO has said the national strategy development and implementation should include 1 ) a regular update of a national-level threat and risk assessment effort , 2 ) formulate realistic budget and resource plans to eliminate gaps , avoid duplicate effort , avoid `` hitchhiker '' spending , and protect against federal funds being used to substitute for funding that would have occurred anyway , 3 ) coordinate the strategy for combating terrorism with efforts to prevent , detect , and respond to computer-based attacks , 4 ) coordinate agency implementation by reviewing agency and interagency programs to accomplish the national strategy , and 5 ) carefully choose the most appropriate policy tools of government to best implement the national strategy and achieve national goals .
in addition , gao has said the national strategy development and implementation should include 1 ) a regular update of a national-level threat and risk assessment effort , 2 ) formulate realistic budget and resource plans to eliminate gaps , avoid duplicate effort , avoid `` hitchhiker '' spending , and protect against federal funds being used to [use instead of] for funding that would have occurred anyway , 3 ) coordinate the strategy for combating terrorism with efforts to prevent , detect , and respond to computer-based attacks , 4 ) coordinate agency implementation by reviewing agency and interagency programs to accomplish the national strategy , and 5 ) carefully choose the most appropriate policy tools of government to best implement the national strategy and achieve national goals .

In some cases , IRS employees are authorized to prepare substitute tax returns for taxpayers that did not file or filed a false return .
in some cases , irs employees are authorized to prepare [use instead of] tax returns for taxpayers that did not file or filed a false return .

The Government Paperwork Elimination Act requires OMB to issue guidance to agencies regarding automated systems that maintain electronic information as a substitute for paper and use electronic signatures .
the government paperwork elimination act requires omb to issue guidance to agencies regarding automated systems that maintain electronic information as a [use instead of] for paper and use electronic signatures .

APHIS stated that the precise impacts of pork-product imports were difficult to predict because of the uncertainty as to how they would substitute for domestic and/or foreign pork products .
aphis stated that the precise impacts of pork-product imports were difficult to predict because of the uncertainty as to how they would [use instead of] for domestic and/or foreign pork products .

Such communication , which may be oral or written , is not a substitute for a final report , but it does alert officials to matters needing immediate attention and permits them to correct them before the final report is completed .
such communication , which may be oral or written , is not a [use instead of] for a final report , but it does alert officials to matters needing immediate attention and permits them to correct them before the final report is completed .

GPEA requires agencies to comply with the guidance issued by OMB regarding automated systems that maintain electronic information as a substitute for paper and use of electronic signatures .
gpea requires agencies to comply with the guidance issued by omb regarding automated systems that maintain electronic information as a [use instead of] for paper and use of electronic signatures .

C , Title XVII ) -GPEA requires that by 2003 federal agencies provide , where practicable , for the option of submitting , maintaining , or disclosing information in electronic form as a substitute for paper , and for the use and acceptance of electronic signatures .
c , title xvii ) -gpea requires that by 2003 federal agencies provide , where practicable , for the option of submitting , maintaining , or disclosing information in electronic form as a [use instead of] for paper , and for the use and acceptance of electronic signatures .

However , LSC , in the proper exercise of its statutory authority , may sometimes reject a state plan as insufficiently responsive to the tenets of State Planning and substitute a reconfiguration plan adjudged to better maximize effective and efficient delivery of high quality legal services .
however , lsc , in the proper exercise of its statutory authority , may sometimes reject a state plan as insufficiently responsive to the tenets of state planning and [use instead of] a reconfiguration plan adjudged to better maximize effective and efficient delivery of high quality legal services .

Courts may be unlikely to allow withdrawal where no substitute counsel is available .
courts may be unlikely to allow withdrawal where no [use instead of] counsel is available .

Other commentators stated that , even where rules of professional responsibility would not absolutely bar representation , the unavailability of substitute counsel could ethically compel LSC attorneys to refuse representation .
other commentators stated that , even where rules of professional responsibility would not absolutely bar representation , the unavailability of [use instead of] counsel could ethically compel lsc attorneys to refuse representation .

Further , the Conferees intend that the Conference substitute will secure the rights of H-2 agricultural workers under the specific contract under which they were admitted to this country .
further , the conferees intend that the conference [use instead of] will secure the rights of h-2 agricultural workers under the specific contract under which they were admitted to this country .

Dried , powdered , alfalfa leaves obtained from health food stores have been found to be a satisfactory substitute for cereal leaves .
dried , powdered , alfalfa leaves obtained from health food stores have been found to be a satisfactory [use instead of] for cereal leaves .

This section also retains the requirements in the existing Section 412 concerning the use of substitute data when emission data from a CEMS or an approved alternative monitoring system are not available during any period and the owner or operator can not provide information , satisfactory to the Administrator , on emissions during that period .
this section also retains the requirements in the existing section 412 concerning the use of [use instead of] data when emission data from a cems or an approved alternative monitoring system are not available during any period and the owner or operator can not provide information , satisfactory to the administrator , on emissions during that period .

The owner or operator of a unit listed in table A shall not substitute another unit or units without the prior approval of the Administrator .
the owner or operator of a unit listed in table a shall not [use instead of] another unit or units without the prior approval of the administrator .

The Administrator shall allocate allowances for the original and substitute affected units in accordance with the approved substitution proposal pursuant to section 412 .
the administrator shall allocate allowances for the original and [use instead of] affected units in accordance with the approved substitution proposal pursuant to section 412 .

The owner or operator of any original or substitute affected unit operated in violation of this subsection shall be fully liable for such violation , including liability for fulfilling the obligations specified in section 406 .
the owner or operator of any original or [use instead of] affected unit operated in violation of this subsection shall be fully liable for such violation , including liability for fulfilling the obligations specified in section 406 .

The conference substitute adopts the House provision ( for a freestanding entity ) …changing the name to the ( Senate proposed ) Postal Rate Commission…
the conference [use instead of] adopts the house provision ( for a freestanding entity ) …changing the name to the ( senate proposed ) postal rate commission…

KSM may have instructed Binalshibh to send money to Moussaoui in order to help prepare Moussaoui as a potential substitute pilot for Jarrah .
ksm may have instructed binalshibh to send money to moussaoui in order to help prepare moussaoui as a potential [use instead of] pilot for jarrah .

There 's no substitute for face-to-face , '' one officer told us .
there 's no [use instead of] for face-to-face , '' one officer told us .

In addition , an understanding of the molecular signaling events that drive the beneficial effects of exercise on human physiology could foster the development of novel drugs , devices , or biological agents designed to substitute for exercise .
in addition , an understanding of the molecular signaling events that drive the beneficial effects of exercise on human physiology could foster the development of novel drugs , devices , or biological agents designed to [use instead of] for exercise .

Further advances in our understanding of signaling mechanisms that govern activity-dependent gene regulation in skeletal muscle could lead to drugs , gene therapy , or devices that can , at least in part , substitute for daily exercise .
further advances in our understanding of signaling mechanisms that govern activity-dependent gene regulation in skeletal muscle could lead to drugs , gene therapy , or devices that can , at least in part , [use instead of] for daily exercise .

Important as it is in this transition period , it is no substitute for a systemic change .
important as it is in this transition period , it is no [use instead of] for a systemic change .

The subject was August Sander , a 1920s photographer who also set out to catalogue a large category of people , in his case Germans , but you could substitute Leibovitz for Sander and come out with an apt reading :
the subject was august sander , a 1920s photographer who also set out to catalogue a large category of people , in his case germans , but you could [use instead of] leibovitz for sander and come out with an apt reading :

Identity politics can sometimes substitute for geography when it comes to breaking down the Web wedding industry into usable chunks .
identity politics can sometimes [use instead of] for geography when it comes to breaking down the web wedding industry into usable chunks .

Gore also pledges to renounce all TV and radio advertising in the primary campaign if Bradley will go along and challenges the former senator to two debates per week as a substitute for the forgone ads .
gore also pledges to renounce all tv and radio advertising in the primary campaign if bradley will go along and challenges the former senator to two debates per week as a [use instead of] for the forgone ads .

For example , in Havana the weekly Juventud Rebelde announced that Cuba would be the first country in the region to substitute the euro for the dollar in its foreign commercial transactions .
for example , in havana the weekly juventud rebelde announced that cuba would be the first country in the region to [use instead of] the euro for the dollar in its foreign commercial transactions .

Dissenters assail the soap-opera plot : `` [ H ] istorical information ... is no substitute for drama '' ( John Kock , the Boston Globe ) .
dissenters assail the soap-opera plot : `` [ h ] istorical information ... is no [use instead of] for drama '' ( john kock , the boston globe ) .

I would vastly prefer to travel by aeroplane -- there is no substitute for the swiftness , the ease , the comfort -- but here we are , bumping along the ground like a crippled millipede , waging a campaign that could have been waged in the latter days of the last century . ''
i would vastly prefer to travel by aeroplane -- there is no [use instead of] for the swiftness , the ease , the comfort -- but here we are , bumping along the ground like a crippled millipede , waging a campaign that could have been waged in the latter days of the last century . ''

Maybe Dalmatian burger is an ecologically efficient substitute for beef ( though it might dampen enthusiasm for McDonald 's current 101 Dalmatians promotional campaign ) .
maybe dalmatian burger is an ecologically efficient [use instead of] for beef ( though it might dampen enthusiasm for mcdonald 's current 101 dalmatians promotional campaign ) .

In service , Clinton could not allow words to substitute for actions .
in service , clinton could not allow words to [use instead of] for actions .

The anthropologist Ashley Montagu , whose Anatomy of Swearing , published in 1967 , is the definitive modern take on the subject , saw profanity as a safety valve rather than a stimulant , a verbal substitute for physical aggression .
the anthropologist ashley montagu , whose anatomy of swearing , published in 1967 , is the definitive modern take on the subject , saw profanity as a safety valve rather than a stimulant , a verbal [use instead of] for physical aggression .

Previously , he was senior editor at The New Republic in Washington , D.C. , and co-host of the CNN 's Crossfire , for which he continues to act as a substitute co-host .
previously , he was senior editor at the new republic in washington , d.c. , and co-host of the cnn 's crossfire , for which he continues to act as a [use instead of] co-host .

No Clinton administration figure depends more on image than the attorney general , and none has relied so much on words and symbols as a substitute for action .
no clinton administration figure depends more on image than the attorney general , and none has relied so much on words and symbols as a [use instead of] for action .

Meanwhile one of the routine , strictly business clocks glimpsed through windows during the rounds of my unofficial beat could substitute for a watch .
meanwhile one of the routine , strictly business clocks glimpsed through windows during the rounds of my unofficial beat could [use instead of] for a watch .

South Park abounds in screamingly campy parodies , from the opening ensemble to Terrance and Phillip 's peppy rap duet `` Shut Your Fucking Face , Uncle-Fucker '' to the principal 's exhortation to substitute `` bum , '' `` poo , '' and the phlegmatic `` M'kay '' for , respectively , `` ass , '' `` shit , '' and `` fuck '' while leading a Busby Berkeley-ish dance line .
south park abounds in screamingly campy parodies , from the opening ensemble to terrance and phillip 's peppy rap duet `` shut your fucking face , uncle-fucker '' to the principal 's exhortation to [use instead of] `` bum , '' `` poo , '' and the phlegmatic `` m'kay '' for , respectively , `` ass , '' `` shit , '' and `` fuck '' while leading a busby berkeley-ish dance line .

Similarly , if more slowly , the term `` miracle '' has evolved from sacred mystery to a substitute for mayonnaise .
similarly , if more slowly , the term `` miracle '' has evolved from sacred mystery to a [use instead of] for mayonnaise .

Others dismiss this phrase as `` weasel words '' designed to substitute for positions on specific issues .
others dismiss this phrase as `` weasel words '' designed to [use instead of] for positions on specific issues .

Even so , it 's worth considering that a more vigorous pursuit of Serbian war criminals , while unlikely to stop every retaliatory killing , might nonetheless send a signal that the world believes justice to be a substitute -- not an instrument -- for revenge .
even so , it 's worth considering that a more vigorous pursuit of serbian war criminals , while unlikely to stop every retaliatory killing , might nonetheless send a signal that the world believes justice to be a [use instead of] -- not an instrument -- for revenge .

Presumably , only someone with legal training -- though not necessarily a practicing lawyer -- would know that an affidavit could substitute for a deposition .
presumably , only someone with legal training -- though not necessarily a practicing lawyer -- would know that an affidavit could [use instead of] for a deposition .

Heavy drinkers also are at risk of malnutrition because alcohol contains calories that may substitute for those in more nutritious foods .
heavy drinkers also are at risk of malnutrition because alcohol contains calories that may [use instead of] for those in more nutritious foods .

Macdonald 's point was that the obsessive accumulation of data had become an unsatisfactory substitute for formulating notions about what anything meant -- an argument that seems even more compelling since the advent of the Internet and all-news cable TV channels .
macdonald 's point was that the obsessive accumulation of data had become an unsatisfactory [use instead of] for formulating notions about what anything meant -- an argument that seems even more compelling since the advent of the internet and all-news cable tv channels .

The judge said the attempt to regulate guns through tort law represented an `` improper attempt to have this court substitute its judgment for that of the legislature . ''
the judge said the attempt to regulate guns through tort law represented an `` improper attempt to have this court [use instead of] its judgment for that of the legislature . ''

The young man has found a substitute dad in Cameron ( Stacy Keach ) , a glowering fount of white supremacist hate literature who uses his protégé to enlist and incite other youths .
the young man has found a [use instead of] dad in cameron ( stacy keach ) , a glowering fount of white supremacist hate literature who uses his protégé to enlist and incite other youths .

The scholarly , patrician black principal ( Avery Brooks ) threatens the boy with expulsion unless he delivers a substitute essay the following day : an analysis of his brother 's crime and its impact on both their family and society .
the scholarly , patrician black principal ( avery brooks ) threatens the boy with expulsion unless he delivers a [use instead of] essay the following day : an analysis of his brother 's crime and its impact on both their family and society .

If the debates essentially substitute for commercials , then they 're equivalent to the scenario where the government gives a certain amount of money to each candidate , and expenditures do n't change .
if the debates essentially [use instead of] for commercials , then they 're equivalent to the scenario where the government gives a certain amount of money to each candidate , and expenditures do n't change .

Another piece raps Republican National Senatorial Committee Chairman Mitch McConnell for allowing money to substitute for good politics .
another piece raps republican national senatorial committee chairman mitch mcconnell for allowing money to [use instead of] for good politics .

Substitute `` gays '' or `` Irish '' or `` farmers '' or `` cancer victims '' or `` bankers '' for `` Jews , '' and you begin to see Schumer 's struggle .
[use instead of] `` gays '' or `` irish '' or `` farmers '' or `` cancer victims '' or `` bankers '' for `` jews , '' and you begin to see schumer 's struggle .

It 's probably because the director , Pat O'Connor , ca n't tell the difference between images that express Friel 's themes and Hibernian wallpaper , and because his idea of expansive , pictorial beauty proves no substitute for Friel 's powerfully compressed stage pictures .
it 's probably because the director , pat o'connor , ca n't tell the difference between images that express friel 's themes and hibernian wallpaper , and because his idea of expansive , pictorial beauty proves no [use instead of] for friel 's powerfully compressed stage pictures .

Which perhaps explains the success of New York Sen. Al D'Amato ( if you accept a bald head as a substitute for a bare chest ) .
which perhaps explains the success of new york sen. al d'amato ( if you accept a bald head as a [use instead of] for a bare chest ) .

Shots of cute animals are deemed an inadequate substitute for the cutting wit that made the earlier film ( by the same cast , and also written by John Cleese ) a cult hit .
shots of cute animals are deemed an inadequate [use instead of] for the cutting wit that made the earlier film ( by the same cast , and also written by john cleese ) a cult hit .

Thesis : Dance is the substitute for the home and family that he never really had .
thesis : dance is the [use instead of] for the home and family that he never really had .

If many more welfare parents do find and hold jobs , their children might well benefit from the intellectually stimulating care many of their mothers can not provide -- if that 's the sort of substitute care they actually get .
if many more welfare parents do find and hold jobs , their children might well benefit from the intellectually stimulating care many of their mothers can not provide -- if that 's the sort of [use instead of] care they actually get .

Today it is used for special effects in movies and for time-release medicines , as a grease-sponge in frozen dinners , as an egg-white substitute for vegans , and as a thickener in soups , sauces , and gravies .
today it is used for special effects in movies and for time-release medicines , as a grease-sponge in frozen dinners , as an egg-white [use instead of] for vegans , and as a thickener in soups , sauces , and gravies .

It rejected the idea that the United States might be planning to substitute China for Japan as its key Asian ally .
it rejected the idea that the united states might be planning to [use instead of] china for japan as its key asian ally .

The tabloid Daily Mail said that `` high on Herr Schröder 's list is likely to be a forging of a closer alliance with Britain , not as a substitute for French influence but at least as a counterweight to it . ''
the tabloid daily mail said that `` high on herr schröder 's list is likely to be a forging of a closer alliance with britain , not as a [use instead of] for french influence but at least as a counterweight to it . ''

The far left likes to substitute it for broken windows because it proves that I am a fascist conducting a war on `` homeless '' and the poor ; the far right loves the term `` zero tolerance '' as a replacement for broken windows because it justifies police `` ass kicking . ''
the far left likes to [use instead of] it for broken windows because it proves that i am a fascist conducting a war on `` homeless '' and the poor ; the far right loves the term `` zero tolerance '' as a replacement for broken windows because it justifies police `` ass kicking . ''

They substitute intensity for emotion and give us bombast when we want passion .
they [use instead of] intensity for emotion and give us bombast when we want passion .

Personal shoppers are a poor substitute for the communal pleasure of hunting down the perfect sweater with pals .
personal shoppers are a poor [use instead of] for the communal pleasure of hunting down the perfect sweater with pals .

It argues that most families do n't need two incomes , and that day care is a lousy substitute for parental care .
it argues that most families do n't need two incomes , and that day care is a lousy [use instead of] for parental care .

For one thing , if for `` hot dogs '' you substitute `` manufactures '' and for `` buns '' you substitute `` services , '' my story actually looks quite a lot like the history of the U.S. economy over the past generation .
for one thing , if for `` hot dogs '' you [use instead of] `` manufactures '' and for `` buns '' you [use instead of] `` services , '' my story actually looks quite a lot like the history of the u.s. economy over the past generation .

It may turn out that the X Percent gimmick is just that , and that if you want to substitute class-based preferences for race-based preferences , there 's no short-cut that miraculously avoids the need to examine each individual 's record -- or that automatically produces high minority admissions .
it may turn out that the x percent gimmick is just that , and that if you want to [use instead of] class-based preferences for race-based preferences , there 's no short-cut that miraculously avoids the need to examine each individual 's record -- or that automatically produces high minority admissions .

I do n't claim to have any answers , but I ca n't help thinking about Chris Rock 's routine comparing Jesse Jackson to Martin Luther King and Louis Farrakhan to Malcolm X , and his conclusion that , while in the '60s we had leaders , now we have substitute teachers .
i do n't claim to have any answers , but i ca n't help thinking about chris rock 's routine comparing jesse jackson to martin luther king and louis farrakhan to malcolm x , and his conclusion that , while in the '60s we had leaders , now we have [use instead of] teachers .

Unity 's piercingly innocent gray eyes contrast with the nightmarish black holes that substitute for the dolls ' .
unity 's piercingly innocent gray eyes contrast with the nightmarish black holes that [use instead of] for the dolls ' .

He would instead substitute a blanket rule decreeing that all searches that are not `` unreasonable '' -- an issue to be decided on an ad hoc basis by juries -- satisfy the Fourth Amendment standard .
he would instead [use instead of] a blanket rule decreeing that all searches that are not `` unreasonable '' -- an issue to be decided on an ad hoc basis by juries -- satisfy the fourth amendment standard .

Amar advocates that all criminal defendants be compelled to give pretrial depositions , but his book is vague about whether these depositions would substitute for or supplement police interrogation .
amar advocates that all criminal defendants be compelled to give pretrial depositions , but his book is vague about whether these depositions would [use instead of] for or supplement police interrogation .

Substitute the word `` depression '' for `` despair '' and you have a cornerstone of modern psychotherapy .
[use instead of] the word `` depression '' for `` despair '' and you have a cornerstone of modern psychotherapy .

It 's no substitute for a doctor 's evaluation , but it can show how you 're doing in relation to your own previous condition and to others similarly treated .
it 's no [use instead of] for a doctor 's evaluation , but it can show how you 're doing in relation to your own previous condition and to others similarly treated .

You remember when confirmed reservations meant the airline would a ) hold your seat and b ) feel obliged to find you a substitute -- on another carrier if necessary -- if , for some reason , your flight did n't take off .
you remember when confirmed reservations meant the airline would a ) hold your seat and b ) feel obliged to find you a [use instead of] -- on another carrier if necessary -- if , for some reason , your flight did n't take off .

Adjectives flash before the words Mr. Ripley , with `` talented '' an imperfect substitute for about 30 other possibilities , including `` confused . ''
adjectives flash before the words mr. ripley , with `` talented '' an imperfect [use instead of] for about 30 other possibilities , including `` confused . ''

After Reps. Charles Canaday of Florida and John Coyners of Michigan criticized the Watts substitute ( which failed to get the two-thirds vote required for passage ) , Watts answered them from the floor :
after reps. charles canaday of florida and john coyners of michigan criticized the watts [use instead of] ( which failed to get the two-thirds vote required for passage ) , watts answered them from the floor :

Since you like your children but do not wish to see the image you describe , by all means articulate your discomfort and suggest they throw a blanket over the `` art '' when you come to call , or temporarily substitute a nice still life .
since you like your children but do not wish to see the image you describe , by all means articulate your discomfort and suggest they throw a blanket over the `` art '' when you come to call , or temporarily [use instead of] a nice still life .

I 'm grateful to Daniel Radosh for filling in with disconcerting skill and to all of you for attenuating the pranks while he was the substitute .
i 'm grateful to daniel radosh for filling in with disconcerting skill and to all of you for attenuating the pranks while he was the [use instead of] .

In the leading Saudi daily Asharq al-Awsat , Huda al-Husseini said the bombing reflected the Clinton administration 's growing penchant for `` military solutions as a substitute for considered plans to impose peace and protect people from massacres . ''
in the leading saudi daily asharq al-awsat , huda al-husseini said the bombing reflected the clinton administration 's growing penchant for `` military solutions as a [use instead of] for considered plans to impose peace and protect people from massacres . ''

You are correct , of course , that a thank-you is always appropriate , but that does not mean a substitute phrase is improper .
you are correct , of course , that a thank-you is always appropriate , but that does not mean a [use instead of] phrase is improper .

He still seems to believe that litigation is a substitute for regulation and legislation .
he still seems to believe that litigation is a [use instead of] for regulation and legislation .

Her mother calls to check on her , but this is no substitute for the time and attention her daughter needs .
her mother calls to check on her , but this is no [use instead of] for the time and attention her daughter needs .

Where adjectives are concerned , there 's no substitute for tough love .
where adjectives are concerned , there 's no [use instead of] for tough love .

When it comes to dictating to others , it always amazes me when people -- particularly politicians and preachers -- substitute their own interpretation of the Bible for medical and psychiatric findings .
when it comes to dictating to others , it always amazes me when people -- particularly politicians and preachers -- [use instead of] their own interpretation of the bible for medical and psychiatric findings .

For the word `` indecent '' I would substitute `` unappetizing . ''
for the word `` indecent '' i would [use instead of] `` unappetizing . ''

Studios will also try to substitute for expensive star vehicles more animated films and explosive special-effects movies such as Twister and Independence Day -- the biggest box-office successes last year , with grosses of more than $ 200 million apiece .
studios will also try to [use instead of] for expensive star vehicles more animated films and explosive special-effects movies such as twister and independence day -- the biggest box-office successes last year , with grosses of more than $ 200 million apiece .

Options : The downward acceleration produced by option-linked selling ( the current substitute for the `` portfolio insurance '' that was a prominent factor in the 1987 crash ) is blamed by some analysts for as much as 30 percent of last month 's slide .
options : the downward acceleration produced by option-linked selling ( the current [use instead of] for the `` portfolio insurance '' that was a prominent factor in the 1987 crash ) is blamed by some analysts for as much as 30 percent of last month 's slide .

This kind of public execution of reform would look terrible , so Lott might try to mitigate a filibuster by offering as a substitute his own phony reform bill .
this kind of public execution of reform would look terrible , so lott might try to mitigate a filibuster by offering as a [use instead of] his own phony reform bill .

Feel free to substitute your favorite dessert or to embroider and fabricate generally .
feel free to [use instead of] your favorite dessert or to embroider and fabricate generally .

Like our other Briefing features , Pundit Central can be used either as a guide for what to read and watch or as an efficient ( and , we hope , entertaining ) substitute for reading and watching .
like our other briefing features , pundit central can be used either as a guide for what to read and watch or as an efficient ( and , we hope , entertaining ) [use instead of] for reading and watching .

Meanwhile , Russia is debating whether to cut its conventional forces and authorize first use of its nukes as a substitute deterrent ( as the United States will still do ) .
meanwhile , russia is debating whether to cut its conventional forces and authorize first use of its nukes as a [use instead of] deterrent ( as the united states will still do ) .

Cow 's message is n't that Nikes are a substitute for working out .
cow 's message is n't that nikes are a [use instead of] for working out .

Meanwhile , Russia is debating whether to cut its conventional forces and authorize first use of its nukes as a substitute deterrent ( as the United States will still do ) .
meanwhile , russia is debating whether to cut its conventional forces and authorize first use of its nukes as a [use instead of] deterrent ( as the united states will still do ) .

Substitute a different -- and , almost invariably , male -- name for Lola , and you 'll get a good picture of what ensues in the boardroom .
[use instead of] a different -- and , almost invariably , male -- name for lola , and you 'll get a good picture of what ensues in the boardroom .

Maybe it 's because the NYT ran an almost identical piece on emus just two months ago -- substitute `` emu '' for each appearance of `` alpaca '' and the pieces are the same ( except apparently alpacas are more lucrative ) .
maybe it 's because the nyt ran an almost identical piece on emus just two months ago -- [use instead of] `` emu '' for each appearance of `` alpaca '' and the pieces are the same ( except apparently alpacas are more lucrative ) .

At The New Yorker this Victorian attitude persists , albeit with a new twist : time and again men 's trousers are not given substitute names but are left out of otherwise quite detailed sartorial descriptions .
at the new yorker this victorian attitude persists , albeit with a new twist : time and again men 's trousers are not given [use instead of] names but are left out of otherwise quite detailed sartorial descriptions .

Apresyan ( Russki Yazyk Publishing House , 1980 ) ; this compendium contains 350 synonymic series , and each article in the dictionary explains the meaning of the lexemes comprising the synonymic series , provides a best approximation translation , and -- crucially -- supplies a detailed characterization of the similarities and differences between the synonyms , offering at the same time an analysis of the conditions in which each synonym is appropriate and where they may substitute for each other .
apresyan ( russki yazyk publishing house , 1980 ) ; this compendium contains 350 synonymic series , and each article in the dictionary explains the meaning of the lexemes comprising the synonymic series , provides a best approximation translation , and -- crucially -- supplies a detailed characterization of the similarities and differences between the synonyms , offering at the same time an analysis of the conditions in which each synonym is appropriate and where they may [use instead of] for each other .

Occasionally , rhyme and reason happily coincide , as in skin-and-blister = sister , but for true metaphors there must be some sense connexion , otherwise the substitute word or phrase is merely used randomly , or like a secret code .
occasionally , rhyme and reason happily coincide , as in skin-and-blister = sister , but for true metaphors there must be some sense connexion , otherwise the [use instead of] word or phrase is merely used randomly , or like a secret code .

To substitute pictures would be to enter the world of graphic art and to desert literature .
to [use instead of] pictures would be to enter the world of graphic art and to desert literature .

Pomposity of expression is no substitute for clarity of meaning .
pomposity of expression is no [use instead of] for clarity of meaning .

The answer has nothing to do with their cause , however , but with the simple fact that dictionaries are not exercises in bi-unique substitutability ; in other words , if one of the senses of run is ` operate ' ( as in She runs an engine factory ) , that does not make it valid to assume that one can substitute operate for run in We run in the marathon every year .
the answer has nothing to do with their cause , however , but with the simple fact that dictionaries are not exercises in bi-unique substitutability ; in other words , if one of the senses of run is ` operate ' ( as in she runs an engine factory ) , that does not make it valid to assume that one can [use instead of] operate for run in we run in the marathon every year .

Suggested the visitor , Why do n't you at least substitute your whole first name for that awful A ?
suggested the visitor , why do n't you at least [use instead of] your whole first name for that awful a ?

A sheriff 's substitute in performing the duty of returning a jury , used when the sheriff is interested in the suit .
a sheriff 's [use instead of] in performing the duty of returning a jury , used when the sheriff is interested in the suit .

Letters can be changed to mimic pronunciation , for example d may replace th ( dat , dese , dem ) or a may substitute a final ow ( fella , sparra , tomorra ) .
letters can be changed to mimic pronunciation , for example d may replace th ( dat , dese , dem ) or a may [use instead of] a final ow ( fella , sparra , tomorra ) .

This book ( the possession of which may become a substitute for reading it , to paraphrase Anthony Burgess in The New York Times Book Review ) should appeal to anyone over the age of thirty who has developed a sufficiently mature sense of reality to become a cynic .
this book ( the possession of which may become a [use instead of] for reading it , to paraphrase anthony burgess in the new york times book review ) should appeal to anyone over the age of thirty who has developed a sufficiently mature sense of reality to become a cynic .

Because it has the same number of free electrons as hydrogen , sodium is useful in a great many compounds as a substitute for one of the two atoms of hydrogen ( also valence 1 ) in a variety of acids .
because it has the same number of free electrons as hydrogen , sodium is useful in a great many compounds as a [use instead of] for one of the two atoms of hydrogen ( also valence 1 ) in a variety of acids .

A common substitute for sodium when the latter is contraindicated ( e.g .
a common [use instead of] for sodium when the latter is contraindicated ( e.g .

Potassium iodide can be used at dinner as a salt substitute ; Morton salt includes significant amounts of it as an additive because iodine ( like chlorine , a valence-1 halogen and a gas in its natural state ) is necessary to the proper functioning of our thyroid glands .
potassium iodide can be used at dinner as a salt [use instead of] ; morton salt includes significant amounts of it as an additive because iodine ( like chlorine , a valence-1 halogen and a gas in its natural state ) is necessary to the proper functioning of our thyroid glands .

Calcium has a valence of 2 , so it can substitute in many a molecule for two atoms of potassium , sodium , or hydrogen , or some combination of them ; its name derives from Latin calx , which means both lime—the substance , not the fruit—and heelbone .
calcium has a valence of 2 , so it can [use instead of] in many a molecule for two atoms of potassium , sodium , or hydrogen , or some combination of them ; its name derives from latin calx , which means both lime—the substance , not the fruit—and heelbone .

In The Psalms , the translator writes in his preface , “ I have tried not to substitute without necessity new English phrases for what was old and well-loved , but unity and modernization of language as well as the true meaning of Hebrew have often made changes inevitable. ” Is “ He will bring me into meadows of young grass ” really any closer to the Hebrew than “ He maketh me to lie down in green pastures ” ?
in the psalms , the translator writes in his preface , “ i have tried not to [use instead of] without necessity new english phrases for what was old and well-loved , but unity and modernization of language as well as the true meaning of hebrew have often made changes inevitable. ” is “ he will bring me into meadows of young grass ” really any closer to the hebrew than “ he maketh me to lie down in green pastures ” ?

Since the translator may not “ substitute his own modern images for the old ones ” how can the shepherd metaphor retain its old-fashioned pastoral simplicity when its sense and the reader 's senses are jarred out of the authentic Bible-time setting and are forced into a frame of the “ language we use today ” ?
since the translator may not “ [use instead of] his own modern images for the old ones ” how can the shepherd metaphor retain its old-fashioned pastoral simplicity when its sense and the reader 's senses are jarred out of the authentic bible-time setting and are forced into a frame of the “ language we use today ” ?

The usage of these words is easy to spot : they all have an extra syllable or two that adds little but excess bulk ( for usage , delete and substitute use ) .
the usage of these words is easy to spot : they all have an extra syllable or two that adds little but excess bulk ( for usage , delete and [use instead of] use ) .

In each listing below , the boldface word is the word at which Framework stopped , offering to SUGGEST a substitute ; the words following are the substitutions it suggested .
in each listing below , the boldface word is the word at which framework stopped , offering to suggest a [use instead of] ; the words following are the substitutions it suggested .

Spanish lacks the phoneme i as in sit for which the Hispanic ear and tongue tend to substitute the i of Francine .
spanish lacks the phoneme i as in sit for which the hispanic ear and tongue tend to [use instead of] the i of francine .

Useful spoonerisms substitute a common or meaningful phrase for another when transposition occurs , as when “ the movement was dealt a crushing blow ” becomes “ the movement was dealt a blushing crow . ” Changing “ there 's a cozy nook in my kitchen ” to “ there 's a nosey cook in my kitchen ” not only introduces a totally new meaning , but also injects humor .
useful spoonerisms [use instead of] a common or meaningful phrase for another when transposition occurs , as when “ the movement was dealt a crushing blow ” becomes “ the movement was dealt a blushing crow . ” changing “ there 's a cozy nook in my kitchen ” to “ there 's a nosey cook in my kitchen ” not only introduces a totally new meaning , but also injects humor .

