From the luggage , they learned that the two air pirates , far from being Cubans , were native Americans , subsequently identified as Leon Bearden , 50-year-old ex-convict from Coolidge , Ariz. , and his son , Cody , 16 , a high-school junior .
from the luggage , they learned that the two air pirates , far from being cubans , were native americans , [later] identified as leon bearden , 50-year-old ex-convict from coolidge , ariz. , and his son , cody , 16 , a high-school junior .

After all , Alger Hiss , subsequently convicted of perjury in denying that he gave secret State Department documents to Soviet agents , was at Yalta .
after all , alger hiss , [later] convicted of perjury in denying that he gave secret state department documents to soviet agents , was at yalta .

As a matter of fact , Fogg and his plane didn't get beyond Pennsylvania in the race -- an engine oil leak forced him down -- but the flying service and school he started subsequently were first steps in paying off his wry-faced backers .
as a matter of fact , fogg and his plane didn't get beyond pennsylvania in the race -- an engine oil leak forced him down -- but the flying service and school he started [later] were first steps in paying off his wry-faced backers .

they subsequently occupied their leisure hours in searching for something exciting and diverting .
they [later] occupied their leisure hours in searching for something exciting and diverting .

He was not prosecuted , however , and his case was subsequently reopened , in the light of Sicurella v. United States , 348 U.S. 385 ( 1955 ) .
he was not prosecuted , however , and his case was [later] reopened , in the light of sicurella v. united states , 348 u.s. 385 ( 1955 ) .

In one sense it can be said that one of the most important Brown & Sharpe products over the years has been the men who began work with the company and subsequently came to places of industrial eminence throughout the nation and even abroad .
in one sense it can be said that one of the most important brown & sharpe products over the years has been the men who began work with the company and [later] came to places of industrial eminence throughout the nation and even abroad .

Subsequently , we learned from Douglass that his sample contained a few percent Af impurity .
[later] , we learned from douglass that his sample contained a few percent af impurity .

Previously purified chlorine was subsequently admitted and the exchange was allowed to take place .
previously purified chlorine was [later] admitted and the exchange was allowed to take place .

The serum was measured volumetrically and subsequently dialyzed in the cold for at least 24 hr against three to four changes , approximately 750 ml each , of `` starting buffer '' .
the serum was measured volumetrically and [later] dialyzed in the cold for at least 24 hr against three to four changes , approximately 750 ml each , of `` starting buffer '' .

This has subsequently been verified by the experience .
this has [later] been verified by the experience .

I heard subsequently that my Uncle and Aunt had dinner in a nearby restaurant in the French Quarter after which he went home to get into his costume to keep the date .
i heard [later] that my uncle and aunt had dinner in a nearby restaurant in the french quarter after which he went home to get into his costume to keep the date .

Fourteen-year-old Craig Ralphs and eighteen year old Glenn Cameron were subsequently arrested and charged with reckless driving and taking cars without consent .
fourteen-year-old craig ralphs and eighteen year old glenn cameron were [later] arrested and charged with reckless driving and taking cars without consent .

Fourteen-year-old Craig Ralphs and eighteen year old Glenn Cameron were subsequently arrested and charged with reckless driving and taking cars without consent .
fourteen-year-old craig ralphs and eighteen year old glenn cameron were [later] arrested and charged with reckless driving and taking cars without consent .

Olly 's background , first on the electric instrument and subsequently on the double bass , took him around the jazz and blues clubs of the London circuit for over ten years before he teamed up with Melanie .
olly 's background , first on the electric instrument and [later] on the double bass , took him around the jazz and blues clubs of the london circuit for over ten years before he teamed up with melanie .

She was subsequently alone with him for much of a two-hour period when his condition deteriorated and one consultant thought he was going to die , the court heard .
she was [later] alone with him for much of a two-hour period when his condition deteriorated and one consultant thought he was going to die , the court heard .

‘ Subsequently , the United Nations took cognisance of that action , recognising it was an important step forward and urging the parties to resume the peace process .
‘ [later] , the united nations took cognisance of that action , recognising it was an important step forward and urging the parties to resume the peace process .

He said it had differed from the Foreign Office advice because it had subsequently been been scrutinised in ‘ greater detail ’ .
he said it had differed from the foreign office advice because it had [later] been been scrutinised in ‘ greater detail ’ .

At the very outset of his charge to the jury , the trial judge told them that the questions for them were : ‘ Firstly , have the Crown proved beyond a reasonable doubt that the first accused assaulted and murdered the deceased … ? ’ Subsequently the trial judge stated in respect of charge 3 : ‘ You must consider this charge separately against each accused on the evidence which is available against that accused , and on that evidence you must return a separate verdict for each accused . ’
at the very outset of his charge to the jury , the trial judge told them that the questions for them were : ‘ firstly , have the crown proved beyond a reasonable doubt that the first accused assaulted and murdered the deceased … ? ’ [later] the trial judge stated in respect of charge 3 : ‘ you must consider this charge separately against each accused on the evidence which is available against that accused , and on that evidence you must return a separate verdict for each accused . ’

The pursuers then concluded a contract for the purchase of the house but subsequently raised an action of damages against the defenders , based on negligence , in which they averred that there were many patent defects in the house which should have been apparent to surveyors of ordinary competence exercising reasonable care .
the pursuers then concluded a contract for the purchase of the house but [later] raised an action of damages against the defenders , based on negligence , in which they averred that there were many patent defects in the house which should have been apparent to surveyors of ordinary competence exercising reasonable care .

In Mr Foley 's view the idea that high corporate gearing is responsible for holding back economic recovery is misleading , since companies on average were not particularly heavily indebted when the recession began and have subsequently reduced their borrowing levels .
in mr foley 's view the idea that high corporate gearing is responsible for holding back economic recovery is misleading , since companies on average were not particularly heavily indebted when the recession began and have [later] reduced their borrowing levels .

Wilgro provides all the compost , peat and packaging deducting the cost against mushrooms subsequently produced .
wilgro provides all the compost , peat and packaging deducting the cost against mushrooms [later] produced .

And the windfall ? ‘ It was subsequently wasted by Lawrie McMenemy . ’
and the windfall ? ‘ it was [later] wasted by lawrie mcmenemy . ’

‘ One of the most frustrating things for the police is to see someone they have spent weeks tracking down released on bail and subsequently re-offending .
‘ one of the most frustrating things for the police is to see someone they have spent weeks tracking down released on bail and [later] re-offending .

If conditions subsequently permit some slackening of the measures , that can easily be done , especially as the major tax changes do not take effect for a year .
if conditions [later] permit some slackening of the measures , that can easily be done , especially as the major tax changes do not take effect for a year .

If conditions subsequently permit some slackening of the measures , that can easily be done , especially as the major tax changes do not take effect for a year .
if conditions [later] permit some slackening of the measures , that can easily be done , especially as the major tax changes do not take effect for a year .

Allegations made subsequently by some of the children led to the ‘ dawn raids ’ a few months later .
allegations made [later] by some of the children led to the ‘ dawn raids ’ a few months later .

Allegations made subsequently by some of the children led to the forcible removal of a further nine Orkney youngsters in the so-called ‘ dawn raids ’ a few months later .
allegations made [later] by some of the children led to the forcible removal of a further nine orkney youngsters in the so-called ‘ dawn raids ’ a few months later .

The business , which has seen a remarkable change in its fortunes since Henk van Eck , a Dutch executive , rescued the ailing operation in 1985 and subsequently installed an ambitious management team , now has an impressive 20 per cent share of the Scottish market .
the business , which has seen a remarkable change in its fortunes since henk van eck , a dutch executive , rescued the ailing operation in 1985 and [later] installed an ambitious management team , now has an impressive 20 per cent share of the scottish market .

He added : ‘ There is no reason , barring unexpected changes in crude oil pricing and dollar/pound exchange rates , why Premier should not continue to prosper in 1993 and subsequently . ’
he added : ‘ there is no reason , barring unexpected changes in crude oil pricing and dollar/pound exchange rates , why premier should not continue to prosper in 1993 and [later] . ’

Still in the realm of half-backs , the original conclusion from the post-match inquest into who had called the back-row move which led indirectly to that heartbreaking injury to Craig Chalmers — that it had come from half-back — was subsequently rescinded .
still in the realm of half-backs , the original conclusion from the post-match inquest into who had called the back-row move which led indirectly to that heartbreaking injury to craig chalmers — that it had come from half-back — was [later] rescinded .

Great care was subsequently taken not to move Chalmers more than necessary other than to place a stretcher beneath him , although he could no doubt have walked from the field .
great care was [later] taken not to move chalmers more than necessary other than to place a stretcher beneath him , although he could no doubt have walked from the field .

He was divorced in 1947 by Margaret Whigham , who subsequently became the third wife of the 11th Duke of Argyll .
he was divorced in 1947 by margaret whigham , who [later] became the third wife of the 11th duke of argyll .

There is a whole slew of heavyweight biographies on the shelves , too , each of which has divulged sex secrets about their subjects which have subsequently made the front pages .
there is a whole slew of heavyweight biographies on the shelves , too , each of which has divulged sex secrets about their subjects which have [later] made the front pages .

Subsequently the council 's own officers told the inquiry that a pedestrian had been killed on Hollyhurst Road because he could n't find a safe place to cross , that ambulances struggle to get down Hollyhurst Road in emergencies , that residents cars are blocked in their drives and that buses have to drop off in the middle of the road .
[later] the council 's own officers told the inquiry that a pedestrian had been killed on hollyhurst road because he could n't find a safe place to cross , that ambulances struggle to get down hollyhurst road in emergencies , that residents cars are blocked in their drives and that buses have to drop off in the middle of the road .

He said many people who were given council houses subsequently lost them because they did not know how to pay the rent and cope with bills .
he said many people who were given council houses [later] lost them because they did not know how to pay the rent and cope with bills .

Many of his junior colleagues in Glasgow and Edinburgh subsequently filled senior academic and hospital posts in this country and overseas and he is remembered by them with much gratitude and affection .
many of his junior colleagues in glasgow and edinburgh [later] filled senior academic and hospital posts in this country and overseas and he is remembered by them with much gratitude and affection .

The one to be really wary of in this valuable contest , however , is the Irish-trained Cahervillahow who won and then was subsequently disqualified from the Whitbread Gold Cup at Sandown two years ago and is an even more formidable opponent on his own side of the Irish Sea .
the one to be really wary of in this valuable contest , however , is the irish-trained cahervillahow who won and then was [later] disqualified from the whitbread gold cup at sandown two years ago and is an even more formidable opponent on his own side of the irish sea .

Martin Pipe suspects that the filly , who subsequently bounced back to land a novice hurdle at Taunton last week , was ‘ got at ’ probably with a fast-acting tranquiliser , administered at the racecourse and not at his Nicolashayne yard .
martin pipe suspects that the filly , who [later] bounced back to land a novice hurdle at taunton last week , was ‘ got at ’ probably with a fast-acting tranquiliser , administered at the racecourse and not at his nicolashayne yard .

Futre had been substituted in a warm-up match prior to departure for Valetta and had subsequently fallen out with Quieroz and was left at home for being ‘ not in the correct frame of mind ’ to play a World Cup tie .
futre had been substituted in a warm-up match prior to departure for valetta and had [later] fallen out with quieroz and was left at home for being ‘ not in the correct frame of mind ’ to play a world cup tie .

Ray Wilkins agreed to come to Tyneside last week but subsequently turned down a playercoach job because his wife did n't want to leave London .
ray wilkins agreed to come to tyneside last week but [later] turned down a playercoach job because his wife did n't want to leave london .

They subsequently won the right to start moves to have the inquest verdict quashed and to have a judicial review .
they [later] won the right to start moves to have the inquest verdict quashed and to have a judicial review .

The idea was suggested by Mr Clinton during his election campaign last year , but subsequently shelved when British opposition to the plan was relayed to Washington .
the idea was suggested by mr clinton during his election campaign last year , but [later] shelved when british opposition to the plan was relayed to washington .

However , shark hunting boats in the area subsequently failed to find it .
however , shark hunting boats in the area [later] failed to find it .

Stella Webb discovered Medau in 1968 , and was subsequently cajoled into becoming a teacher by Cicely Harris , under whose guidance she qualified in 1973 .
stella webb discovered medau in 1968 , and was [later] cajoled into becoming a teacher by cicely harris , under whose guidance she qualified in 1973 .

The centralized bureaucratic apparatus of the state became subordinated to the interests of the dominant economic groups that were already creating a commercial agriculture and would subsequently promote industrial development : ‘ for the first time a state had been created whose policies and activities were shaped in response to the needs and movement of civil society ’ ( Gamble 1981 : 67 ) .
the centralized bureaucratic apparatus of the state became subordinated to the interests of the dominant economic groups that were already creating a commercial agriculture and would [later] promote industrial development : ‘ for the first time a state had been created whose policies and activities were shaped in response to the needs and movement of civil society ’ ( gamble 1981 : 67 ) .

Subsequently the British state evolved with a remarkable degree of ' stability and continuity when compared with the state in Spain .
[later] the british state evolved with a remarkable degree of ' stability and continuity when compared with the state in spain .

Financial constraints on investment were relatively unimportant and only developed subsequently as political concern with state enterprise deficits prompted efforts for greater commercialism .
financial constraints on investment were relatively unimportant and only developed [later] as political concern with state enterprise deficits prompted efforts for greater commercialism .

An elaborate structure of consultation has subsequently developed , in which major management decisions with implications for the staff , for example closure plans , service reductions or administrative reorganizations , are discussed at national level and then in greater detail in the regions and areas affected .
an elaborate structure of consultation has [later] developed , in which major management decisions with implications for the staff , for example closure plans , service reductions or administrative reorganizations , are discussed at national level and then in greater detail in the regions and areas affected .

Subsequently , a system of company councils and of union representatives was established as a vehicle for consultation and participation within the vertical system .
[later] , a system of company councils and of union representatives was established as a vehicle for consultation and participation within the vertical system .

Leaders of the ‘ first ’ union were subsequently sacked for alleged harassment of members of the newly formed ‘ second union ’ .
leaders of the ‘ first ’ union were [later] sacked for alleged harassment of members of the newly formed ‘ second union ’ .

Several items have subsequently been drawn to our notice by the Liquid Luncheon Club 's welcome back committee , notably the picture in Saturday 's paper of the defeated Michael Fallon 's first public reappearance in Darlington .
several items have [later] been drawn to our notice by the liquid luncheon club 's welcome back committee , notably the picture in saturday 's paper of the defeated michael fallon 's first public reappearance in darlington .

If the assurances were not given or subsequently broken , the firm could be taken to court .
if the assurances were not given or [later] broken , the firm could be taken to court .

‘ Central Office did not know the name of the child until Wednesday morning when we read it first in the Independent and subsequently in the Daily Express . ’
‘ central office did not know the name of the child until wednesday morning when we read it first in the independent and [later] in the daily express . ’

Staff at the company 's Middlesbrough office were subsequently sacked and SureStyle promised to clean up its act .
staff at the company 's middlesbrough office were [later] sacked and surestyle promised to clean up its act .

‘ Ms McGinley has turned down two reasonable offers , which have subsequently been taken up by other tenants .
‘ ms mcginley has turned down two reasonable offers , which have [later] been taken up by other tenants .

He ( Mr Winning ) was set upon and he was given a merciless beating , which caused the injuries from which he subsequently died .
he ( mr winning ) was set upon and he was given a merciless beating , which caused the injuries from which he [later] died .

Last year for instance Barton Shield skipper Colm McCarroll brought Wilson , Winston and Kehoe junior , the men who were subsequently to win the National youth title , into his line-up and Derry battled their way through to the quarter-finals before losing to Belvoir Park .
last year for instance barton shield skipper colm mccarroll brought wilson , winston and kehoe junior , the men who were [later] to win the national youth title , into his line-up and derry battled their way through to the quarter-finals before losing to belvoir park .

The ship was invited to stop , er did n't do so , er and warning shots were fired , but subsequently , erm Royal Marines went aboard , er took charge of the ship , checked it over , er and er once they 'd established that there was no erm embargoed cargo , it was able to proceed .
the ship was invited to stop , er did n't do so , er and warning shots were fired , but [later] , erm royal marines went aboard , er took charge of the ship , checked it over , er and er once they 'd established that there was no erm embargoed cargo , it was able to proceed .

It must be recognised , however , that as long as the binding of most serial parts is — as at present — contracted out to a commercial bindery , delays incurred in the processing of such items between their leaving the Library and subsequently returning to it , will remain outwith the Library 's control .
it must be recognised , however , that as long as the binding of most serial parts is — as at present — contracted out to a commercial bindery , delays incurred in the processing of such items between their leaving the library and [later] returning to it , will remain outwith the library 's control .

Subsequently , she worked for finance director Derek Henson until his retirement last year and continued to work for his successor Rosemary Thorne .
[later] , she worked for finance director derek henson until his retirement last year and continued to work for his successor rosemary thorne .

It is possible to argue against this view : in Chapters 10 and 11 , word stress was presented as something quite independent of intonation , and subsequently ( p. 157 ) it was said that ‘ intonation is carried entirely by the stressed syllables of a tone-unit ’ .
it is possible to argue against this view : in chapters 10 and 11 , word stress was presented as something quite independent of intonation , and [later] ( p. 157 ) it was said that ‘ intonation is carried entirely by the stressed syllables of a tone-unit ’ .

The 25 own label beers offered to taste were praised in reports which subsequently appeared in the press .
the 25 own label beers offered to taste were praised in reports which [later] appeared in the press .

We subsequently decided that a great many staff from parts of the country other than London would appreciate the opportunity to win tickets .
we [later] decided that a great many staff from parts of the country other than london would appreciate the opportunity to win tickets .

The early pages underline the importance of mineral movement in creating the early railway and subsequently underpinning a network of local passenger train services .
the early pages underline the importance of mineral movement in creating the early railway and [later] underpinning a network of local passenger train services .

The 17-year-old driver was subsequently fined £12.80 for drink-driving , £6 for having no insurance and £3.20 for having no driving licence .
the 17-year-old driver was [later] fined £12.80 for drink-driving , £6 for having no insurance and £3.20 for having no driving licence .

There was a 25-minute delay in sending one ambulance but the patient subsequently arrived at hospital safely .
there was a 25-minute delay in sending one ambulance but the patient [later] arrived at hospital safely .

Gas gangrene , for which an effective cure was not discovered till a few weeks before the Armistice , claimed an ever-increasing toll ; during the April fighting on the Right Bank , one French regiment had thirty-two officers wounded of whom no fewer than nineteen died subsequently , mostly from gas gangrene .
gas gangrene , for which an effective cure was not discovered till a few weeks before the armistice , claimed an ever-increasing toll ; during the april fighting on the right bank , one french regiment had thirty-two officers wounded of whom no fewer than nineteen died [later] , mostly from gas gangrene .

Swedish scientists subsequently traced the decline in their country 's population of seed-eating birds and their predators to the use of alkyl mercury seed dressings .
swedish scientists [later] traced the decline in their country 's population of seed-eating birds and their predators to the use of alkyl mercury seed dressings .

Atactic polypropylene , a waste no longer produced , used to be stored as landfill but was subsequently recovered and sold for use in the manufacture of water repellent materials such as roofing felt .
atactic polypropylene , a waste no longer produced , used to be stored as landfill but was [later] recovered and sold for use in the manufacture of water repellent materials such as roofing felt .

He was subsequently dismissed for not turning sufficient enquiries into sales .
he was [later] dismissed for not turning sufficient enquiries into sales .

So , we set objectives and sub , subsequently planned a budget to ensure that it 's successful .
so , we set objectives and sub , [later] planned a budget to ensure that it 's successful .

At the Tribute and subsequently in Seville , it must have been great to be surrounded by so many people who openly acknowledge Queen as a huge influence .
at the tribute and [later] in seville , it must have been great to be surrounded by so many people who openly acknowledge queen as a huge influence .

Subsequently there developed ‘ welfare feminism ’ as opposed to the earlier ‘ equality feminism ’ .
[later] there developed ‘ welfare feminism ’ as opposed to the earlier ‘ equality feminism ’ .

One of the arrested men subsequently committed Suicide .
one of the arrested men [later] committed suicide .

This will make matters impossible if you subsequently need to hoover it out .
this will make matters impossible if you [later] need to hoover it out .

Pickups are Höfner 's ‘ Super Response ’ double-pole types , with their slightly ‘ art deco ’ look ; these were fitted to the early versions only , and were subsequently changed around 1961 to the DeLuxe versions , which resembled the generic American humbucker …
pickups are höfner 's ‘ super response ’ double-pole types , with their slightly ‘ art deco ’ look ; these were fitted to the early versions only , and were [later] changed around 1961 to the deluxe versions , which resembled the generic american humbucker …

The Percys subsequently appear as lords of Leconfield , who built an 84 roomed castle west of Main Street , the old and original part of Leconfield , surrounded by a wide and deep moat , the remains of which are still to be seen .
the percys [later] appear as lords of leconfield , who built an 84 roomed castle west of main street , the old and original part of leconfield , surrounded by a wide and deep moat , the remains of which are still to be seen .

Each of these was then further subdivided so that he had a total of thirty-eight — each group corresponding to one of the thirty-eight remedies which he subsequently discovered .
each of these was then further subdivided so that he had a total of thirty-eight — each group corresponding to one of the thirty-eight remedies which he [later] discovered .

It 's been a popular strategy ever since The Rolling Stones played the small marquee at the 1963 National Jazz Festival in Richmond — the event that subsequently mutated into Reading — and provoked scenes of hysteria as hundreds of excited youths abandoned the main arena and jostled to catch a whiff of this liberating new air , leaving a bewildered Acker Bilk tootling his way into the footnotes of history .
it 's been a popular strategy ever since the rolling stones played the small marquee at the 1963 national jazz festival in richmond — the event that [later] mutated into reading — and provoked scenes of hysteria as hundreds of excited youths abandoned the main arena and jostled to catch a whiff of this liberating new air , leaving a bewildered acker bilk tootling his way into the footnotes of history .

They will usually have to charge for these , but you may be reimbursed if you subsequently register with the agency or fulfil a certain number of hours working for the agency .
they will usually have to charge for these , but you may be reimbursed if you [later] register with the agency or fulfil a certain number of hours working for the agency .

We had checked the story prior to publication and following the contact from the Princess Royal it was subsequently checked again with our source , who confirms the accuracy of the quotes .
we had checked the story prior to publication and following the contact from the princess royal it was [later] checked again with our source , who confirms the accuracy of the quotes .

During the debate , Mr Smith told Mr Major : ‘ You do n't know what is your economic policy — that was startlingly clear in your speech . ’ And turning on Chancellor Norman Lamont , he said : ‘ After this performance , who can ever believe you in anything you subsequently say ! ’
during the debate , mr smith told mr major : ‘ you do n't know what is your economic policy — that was startlingly clear in your speech . ’ and turning on chancellor norman lamont , he said : ‘ after this performance , who can ever believe you in anything you [later] say ! ’

Despite such a poor start , he 's subsequently risen to massive heights of fame , being second only to Cher in the showbiz hierarchy .
despite such a poor start , he 's [later] risen to massive heights of fame , being second only to cher in the showbiz hierarchy .

Nagendra Singh , in his book Nuclear Weapons and International Law ( Singh , 1959 , p. 215 ) advanced the view , subsequently taken up by many other legal writers , that the first use of nuclear weapons would be particularly questionable in international law :
nagendra singh , in his book nuclear weapons and international law ( singh , 1959 , p. 215 ) advanced the view , [later] taken up by many other legal writers , that the first use of nuclear weapons would be particularly questionable in international law :

Subsequently , however , tax-resistance on moral grounds has been centred largely , though not exclusively , on objection to ‘ war tax ’ .
[later] , however , tax-resistance on moral grounds has been centred largely , though not exclusively , on objection to ‘ war tax ’ .

The existing craft department was subsequently upgraded to provide a Design Graphics Room , Technology Workshop and two multi-purpose Technology rooms complete with material storage , and servicing areas .
the existing craft department was [later] upgraded to provide a design graphics room , technology workshop and two multi-purpose technology rooms complete with material storage , and servicing areas .

Therapeutic help for children is often delayed by the court process and court appearances can increase the trauma to the child and the length of therapeutic treatment subsequently needed .
therapeutic help for children is often delayed by the court process and court appearances can increase the trauma to the child and the length of therapeutic treatment [later] needed .

He subsequently returned to a job in the clothing trade .
he [later] returned to a job in the clothing trade .

Powerful batsman for Windward Islands and subsequently Leewards , having played once in one-day match for Barbados .
powerful batsman for windward islands and [later] leewards , having played once in one-day match for barbados .

After writing for The Observer and The Times he returned to The Guardian as cricket and , subsequently , wine correspondent in the late 1960s .
after writing for the observer and the times he returned to the guardian as cricket and , [later] , wine correspondent in the late 1960s .

So , too , was his teaching , an activity which he found invigorating , and which on both a public and a private place took up a great deal of his life , from 1905 until 1918 at the Westminster Art School , and subsequently at a wide range of other institutions .
so , too , was his teaching , an activity which he found invigorating , and which on both a public and a private place took up a great deal of his life , from 1905 until 1918 at the westminster art school , and [later] at a wide range of other institutions .

In place of a ‘ sudden death ’ , once-and-for-all examination , is growing support for assessment which is an integral part of day-to-day teaching and learning , which helps pupils come to understand themselves better , as well as helping the outside world , subsequently , to understand the qualities of that pupil .
in place of a ‘ sudden death ’ , once-and-for-all examination , is growing support for assessment which is an integral part of day-to-day teaching and learning , which helps pupils come to understand themselves better , as well as helping the outside world , [later] , to understand the qualities of that pupil .

Subsequently legal changes and current policy developments are examined and finally some examples of successful involvement of children and parents in key decision making are presented .
[later] legal changes and current policy developments are examined and finally some examples of successful involvement of children and parents in key decision making are presented .

It aims to minimize its impact and subsequently treat and cure it .
it aims to minimize its impact and [later] treat and cure it .

This powerful gift was gladly received and subsequently wielded effectively in many battles , earning Sigmar his nickname of Heldenhammer .
this powerful gift was gladly received and [later] wielded effectively in many battles , earning sigmar his nickname of heldenhammer .

When Magnus died the Imperial crown passed to Count Leopold of Stirland , and subsequently to his grandson Dieter .
when magnus died the imperial crown passed to count leopold of stirland , and [later] to his grandson dieter .

This results from a kind of double vision which blurs the difference between the historical interpretation of contemporary economic advice and the evaluation of ideas which subsequently proved to be significant in the evolution of economic theory .
this results from a kind of double vision which blurs the difference between the historical interpretation of contemporary economic advice and the evaluation of ideas which [later] proved to be significant in the evolution of economic theory .

Furthermore , detailed studies of company performance indicate that whatever the claims and expectations expressed before a merger they were not generally realised subsequently [ Meeks , 1977 ] .
furthermore , detailed studies of company performance indicate that whatever the claims and expectations expressed before a merger they were not generally realised [later] [ meeks , 1977 ] .

Subsequently , variations on this theme were advanced [ Purdy and Zis , 1974 ] .
[later] , variations on this theme were advanced [ purdy and zis , 1974 ] .

When an aircraft accident occurs there must , of course , be a legal basis for the investigation that subsequently takes place .
when an aircraft accident occurs there must , of course , be a legal basis for the investigation that [later] takes place .

These representatives are entitled to cross-examine the witnesses produced by the Attorney General and subsequently present witnesses of their own , who in turn , are subject to cross-examination by the Attorney General and all the other representatives .
these representatives are entitled to cross-examine the witnesses produced by the attorney general and [later] present witnesses of their own , who in turn , are subject to cross-examination by the attorney general and all the other representatives .

The best of them learned the basic principles from AlB and subsequently broadened their knowledge as their experience expanded .
the best of them learned the basic principles from alb and [later] broadened their knowledge as their experience expanded .

It subsequently emerged that Lady Essex had been administering debilitating potions to her husband and was implicated in the murder of Sir Thomas Overbury , who knew too much about this .
it [later] emerged that lady essex had been administering debilitating potions to her husband and was implicated in the murder of sir thomas overbury , who knew too much about this .

These early pathographic analyses nevertheless started a wave of interest in the topic and subsequently stimulated many other medical writers to apply their diagnostic acumen to the problem .
these early pathographic analyses nevertheless started a wave of interest in the topic and [later] stimulated many other medical writers to apply their diagnostic acumen to the problem .

Structural studies of the shales and greywackes of the Skiddaw Group have refined the understanding of the deformational history : the early episode of major slump folding identified previously now appears to have been followed by a period of upright folding that has been subsequently modified by south-directed thrusting .
structural studies of the shales and greywackes of the skiddaw group have refined the understanding of the deformational history : the early episode of major slump folding identified previously now appears to have been followed by a period of upright folding that has been [later] modified by south-directed thrusting .

They subsequently carried out geological mapping at 1:25 000 in the Nkhotakota Game Reserve .
they [later] carried out geological mapping at 1:25 000 in the nkhotakota game reserve .

Jumping was again the problem when he ran an appalling race at Ascot subsequently , and he simply can not be relied upon to reproduce his Boxing Day effort .
jumping was again the problem when he ran an appalling race at ascot [later] , and he simply can not be relied upon to reproduce his boxing day effort .

Nobody openly pointed to my lesbianism , over the film or subsequently , as the feature causing them problems .
nobody openly pointed to my lesbianism , over the film or [later] , as the feature causing them problems .

The council took out an enforcement notice and Mr Phillips subsequently appealed to the Department of the Environment , which twice sent an officer to inspect the site .
the council took out an enforcement notice and mr phillips [later] appealed to the department of the environment , which twice sent an officer to inspect the site .

On the contrary , there are often years on an even plateau , and periods of greater dependence , after bereavement for example , which are subsequently reversed .
on the contrary , there are often years on an even plateau , and periods of greater dependence , after bereavement for example , which are [later] reversed .

Manchester City were subsequently charged with misconduct by the Football Association and face a possible fine , or even suspension from next year 's competition .
manchester city were [later] charged with misconduct by the football association and face a possible fine , or even suspension from next year 's competition .

He was subsequently returned to Khartoum for medical treatment and is now believed to be back in Kober prison .
he was [later] returned to khartoum for medical treatment and is now believed to be back in kober prison .

The gates were subsequently burned , probably by some of the Indians .
the gates were [later] burned , probably by some of the indians .

Meanwhile Wordsworth wrote all the poems , with the exception of Tintern Abbey , which subsequently appeared in the first volume of Lyrical Ballads .
meanwhile wordsworth wrote all the poems , with the exception of tintern abbey , which [later] appeared in the first volume of lyrical ballads .

In Hamburg they visited the aged poet Klopstock , who had welcomed the Revolution but subsequently renounced the French .
in hamburg they visited the aged poet klopstock , who had welcomed the revolution but [later] renounced the french .

Diving down to a few hundred feet over Hal Far , Müncheberg then claimed another at 0754 as it was landing , but having no witness of this was credited only with a probable , although it was subsequently included in his score .
diving down to a few hundred feet over hal far , müncheberg then claimed another at 0754 as it was landing , but having no witness of this was credited only with a probable , although it was [later] included in his score .

But there was a more subtle purpose behind these proposals , fully vindicated by what subsequently happened .
but there was a more subtle purpose behind these proposals , fully vindicated by what [later] happened .

Within this hospital all aspects of operation and service provision were recently subject to an audit by the King 's Fund from which we subsequently received accreditation .
within this hospital all aspects of operation and service provision were recently subject to an audit by the king 's fund from which we [later] received accreditation .

All mail , which was subsequently returned to this office , has been passed to the families concerned .
all mail , which was [later] returned to this office , has been passed to the families concerned .

We have looked briefly at forming a limited company , but this we understand could give rise to our lower flying costs being treated as a benefit in kind by the Inland Revenue — and subsequently taxed .
we have looked briefly at forming a limited company , but this we understand could give rise to our lower flying costs being treated as a benefit in kind by the inland revenue — and [later] taxed .

He subsequently bequeathed the results of his research to Cambridge University .
he [later] bequeathed the results of his research to cambridge university .

The marketplace offers a plethora of fittings that have been created for commercial kites and subsequently reach the accessory trays .
the marketplace offers a plethora of fittings that have been created for commercial kites and [later] reach the accessory trays .

The Parafoils , created by Canadian Domina Jalbert and subsequently used for parachuting and paragliding , established that a properly-rigged , fully flexible shape would fill with ram air and fly as a kite .
the parafoils , created by canadian domina jalbert and [later] used for parachuting and paragliding , established that a properly-rigged , fully flexible shape would fill with ram air and fly as a kite .

The point about his vulnerability over his son was not mentioned specifically ; but they learned that in fact that youth was not the only hostage , for Edward had subsequently demanded that a selection of the citizenry be yielded up also , including some mere children .
the point about his vulnerability over his son was not mentioned specifically ; but they learned that in fact that youth was not the only hostage , for edward had [later] demanded that a selection of the citizenry be yielded up also , including some mere children .

Transmitters of varying quality , power and suitability were subsequently left behind to be used in the postwar development of radio for Africans .
transmitters of varying quality , power and suitability were [later] left behind to be used in the postwar development of radio for africans .

It is no accident that the rise of science and technology and subsequently industrialisation and the process of wealth creation followed the acceptance of an explicitly Biblical view of the world in which manual work was not considered contemptible and in which man was delegated the task of managing the world 's resources for his benefit .
it is no accident that the rise of science and technology and [later] industrialisation and the process of wealth creation followed the acceptance of an explicitly biblical view of the world in which manual work was not considered contemptible and in which man was delegated the task of managing the world 's resources for his benefit .

When it subsequently became apparent that there were insufficient volunteers and compulsory redundancies would be necessary , the union was informed but there was no reaction .
when it [later] became apparent that there were insufficient volunteers and compulsory redundancies would be necessary , the union was informed but there was no reaction .

We subsequently brought the bags to Grange , Co .
we [later] brought the bags to grange , co .

Published in 1974 , Pursuit was an instant success and was subsequently translated into thirteen foreign languages .
published in 1974 , pursuit was an instant success and was [later] translated into thirteen foreign languages .

Marie originally did most of the cooking , and subsequently continued to supervise menu planning and food purchasing as well as handling the accounting aspects .
marie originally did most of the cooking , and [later] continued to supervise menu planning and food purchasing as well as handling the accounting aspects .

The management have registered the building with the local Fire Officer and the plans subsequently requested have been submitted , but to date no inspection visit has been made .
the management have registered the building with the local fire officer and the plans [later] requested have been submitted , but to date no inspection visit has been made .

As is customary in the trade , tenants purchase all fixtures and fittings ( including bar furnishings ) , initially from the company and subsequently from the outgoing tenant .
as is customary in the trade , tenants purchase all fixtures and fittings ( including bar furnishings ) , initially from the company and [later] from the outgoing tenant .

Subsequently , he was often seen scratching at his groin on the set , and , guessing the nature of his problem , director Nicholas Ray marched him off to the nearest chemist for a healthy dose of crabocide .
[later] , he was often seen scratching at his groin on the set , and , guessing the nature of his problem , director nicholas ray marched him off to the nearest chemist for a healthy dose of crabocide .

was reckoned as substance , the making of an independent return by each hundred resulted in five sets of officials taking different views of the native poor , the complement of which tapered off from the modest ( 15 per cent ) in the eastern parts to the negligible ( 0.4 per cent ) in the far west , balanced to some extent by aliens , who were classed as poor and accounted for one-eighth of this category , making Penwith the antithesis of East hundred , notwithstanding that many who were subsequently taxed in Kerrier hundred were passed over in 1522 .
was reckoned as substance , the making of an independent return by each hundred resulted in five sets of officials taking different views of the native poor , the complement of which tapered off from the modest ( 15 per cent ) in the eastern parts to the negligible ( 0.4 per cent ) in the far west , balanced to some extent by aliens , who were classed as poor and accounted for one-eighth of this category , making penwith the antithesis of east hundred , notwithstanding that many who were [later] taxed in kerrier hundred were passed over in 1522 .

In October 1522 he conveyed two freehold houses and 1 ½ virgates to a certain Thomas Hyll , but subsequently seems to have taken up residence at Hagley , for in October 1526 he was presented for operating a brothel in which his own daughter was the star attraction : prostitution , it has been suggested , was a concomitant of deferred marriage , widespread among the peasantry of the West Midlands .
in october 1522 he conveyed two freehold houses and 1 ½ virgates to a certain thomas hyll , but [later] seems to have taken up residence at hagley , for in october 1526 he was presented for operating a brothel in which his own daughter was the star attraction : prostitution , it has been suggested , was a concomitant of deferred marriage , widespread among the peasantry of the west midlands .

Lukács ' early assault on Marxist economism , subsequently retracted under criticism from the Leninist orthodoxy of the Comintern , became particularly influential in the post-war period among Marxist intellectuals who sought to redefine a new Marxist humanism against the economism of Stalinism with which Lukács ' name had by that time itself become associated .
lukács ' early assault on marxist economism , [later] retracted under criticism from the leninist orthodoxy of the comintern , became particularly influential in the post-war period among marxist intellectuals who sought to redefine a new marxist humanism against the economism of stalinism with which lukács ' name had by that time itself become associated .

The difficulties in which Althusser subsequently became enmeshed were the result of his ignoring Canguilhem 's warning that although the history of science takes science for its object , it is not itself a science , and therefore can not claim to be value-free ( or , in Marxist terms , non-ideological ) .
the difficulties in which althusser [later] became enmeshed were the result of his ignoring canguilhem 's warning that although the history of science takes science for its object , it is not itself a science , and therefore can not claim to be value-free ( or , in marxist terms , non-ideological ) .

Althusserians subsequently placed much emphasis upon the ‘ epistemological break ’ , and were in turn castigated for being unable to explain how it occurred .
althusserians [later] placed much emphasis upon the ‘ epistemological break ’ , and were in turn castigated for being unable to explain how it occurred .

But as with Althusser 's modes of production , so Foucault 's attempt to elaborate a ‘ positive unconscious ’ of knowledge was criticized by Sartre , and subsequently by many others , for being unable to give any account of change and for implying a total discontinuity between periods .
but as with althusser 's modes of production , so foucault 's attempt to elaborate a ‘ positive unconscious ’ of knowledge was criticized by sartre , and [later] by many others , for being unable to give any account of change and for implying a total discontinuity between periods .

In freud , the point is similarly not just the question — on which most attention gets focused — of whether the event ‘ really ’ happened ( a good copy ) or was subsequently fantasized by the experiencing subject ( a bad copy ) , but rather that it is repeated as a disruptive event that fissures ordinary forms of psychic continuity and therefore gains analytic attention in the present .
in freud , the point is similarly not just the question — on which most attention gets focused — of whether the event ‘ really ’ happened ( a good copy ) or was [later] fantasized by the experiencing subject ( a bad copy ) , but rather that it is repeated as a disruptive event that fissures ordinary forms of psychic continuity and therefore gains analytic attention in the present .

In 1828 George Hurst became a director of the House of Industry and subsequently a member of the Board of Guardians , a position which he held until he was in his nineties .
in 1828 george hurst became a director of the house of industry and [later] a member of the board of guardians , a position which he held until he was in his nineties .

He further complained about the matron , who had lost her key which he subsequently found in the door of the laundry , and ‘ seven women busily engaged among the clothes ’ .
he further complained about the matron , who had lost her key which he [later] found in the door of the laundry , and ‘ seven women busily engaged among the clothes ’ .

The medical officer was subsequently questioned about some individual patients .
the medical officer was [later] questioned about some individual patients .

He had been given the opportunity to resign , but declined , and was then suspended , after which the matter had been reported to the Minister of Health , who subsequently consented to his dismissal .
he had been given the opportunity to resign , but declined , and was then suspended , after which the matter had been reported to the minister of health , who [later] consented to his dismissal .

( When subsequently , the hospital became crowded almost to bursting point with the influx of evacuee patients from London , the master reported to the Guardians Committee that , owing to limited cooking facilities and greatly increased numbers , it had become necessary to suspend the existing dietary — which had so displeased Mr.J. — and adopt a more simplified bill of fare . )
( when [later] , the hospital became crowded almost to bursting point with the influx of evacuee patients from london , the master reported to the guardians committee that , owing to limited cooking facilities and greatly increased numbers , it had become necessary to suspend the existing dietary — which had so displeased mr.j. — and adopt a more simplified bill of fare . )

Subsequently , however , he was able to resume the announcement of his non-attendance himself .
[later] , however , he was able to resume the announcement of his non-attendance himself .

In a postscript Dr. Yeats reported that he had subsequently seen both Dr. Thackeray and Mr. Leech who had been together since he had been with them on the previous day .
in a postscript dr. yeats reported that he had [later] seen both dr. thackeray and mr. leech who had been together since he had been with them on the previous day .

Dwarfs subsequently beaten at the Battle of East Gate by the Night Goblin Warlord Skarsnik .
dwarfs [later] beaten at the battle of east gate by the night goblin warlord skarsnik .

If forced to flee and subsequently caught by their pursuers they are destroyed .
if forced to flee and [later] caught by their pursuers they are destroyed .

They are , therefore , not required by law to have governing bodies although some LEAs , including Berkshire , established such bodies some years ago and have subsequently applied most of the requirements of legislation to the ways in which they conduct their affairs .
they are , therefore , not required by law to have governing bodies although some leas , including berkshire , established such bodies some years ago and have [later] applied most of the requirements of legislation to the ways in which they conduct their affairs .

Some described a future Anne unmarried and unhappy , for instance , or told of her helping and subsequently marrying the second-ranked , male student .
some described a future anne unmarried and unhappy , for instance , or told of her helping and [later] marrying the second-ranked , male student .

Anna told him about her childhood , about the house in West Kensington that resembled a gigantic , filthy theatrical props cupboard , smelling of face powder and cats and old ashtrays , where a five-foot plaster saint , dumped on the drawing-room sofa three years before , as a joke , by one of her mother 's lovers , had subsequently never been moved .
anna told him about her childhood , about the house in west kensington that resembled a gigantic , filthy theatrical props cupboard , smelling of face powder and cats and old ashtrays , where a five-foot plaster saint , dumped on the drawing-room sofa three years before , as a joke , by one of her mother 's lovers , had [later] never been moved .

Setting up on his own six years later to provide a service for companies recruiting people in this field , he charged a $ 200 non-returnable retainer , which was subsequently deducted from his commission : 5 % of the successful candidate 's first year 's salary .
setting up on his own six years later to provide a service for companies recruiting people in this field , he charged a $ 200 non-returnable retainer , which was [later] deducted from his commission : 5 % of the successful candidate 's first year 's salary .

But this was merely a cover , and the partners began in search from the start , subsequently headhunting many of their ex-colleagues , despite Peat Marwick Mitchell 's threats of legal action .
but this was merely a cover , and the partners began in search from the start , [later] headhunting many of their ex-colleagues , despite peat marwick mitchell 's threats of legal action .

When Young subsequently became the Chairman of Alexander Hughes , then in its original guise as an insurance company advising pension fund managers , he pushed them into entering the headhunting business .
when young [later] became the chairman of alexander hughes , then in its original guise as an insurance company advising pension fund managers , he pushed them into entering the headhunting business .

They remarked on the personal service , from the same senior consultant whom they had first met , comparing them with a larger firm who had acted in a heavy-handed way towards them and who had subsequently sent a junior consultant actually to handle the work , after they had dealt with the most senior partner at the beginning .
they remarked on the personal service , from the same senior consultant whom they had first met , comparing them with a larger firm who had acted in a heavy-handed way towards them and who had [later] sent a junior consultant actually to handle the work , after they had dealt with the most senior partner at the beginning .

Beyond them are the also-rans , other disaffected characters , who were on the receiving end of tempting , exciting , ego-boosting telephone calls which were never subsequently followed up , from headhunters of whom they never heard anything again .
beyond them are the also-rans , other disaffected characters , who were on the receiving end of tempting , exciting , ego-boosting telephone calls which were never [later] followed up , from headhunters of whom they never heard anything again .

It is not surprising that Dubček in his ascendancy gained the support of as many ‘ Stalinists ’ as backed the ‘ conservative ’ , Novotný ; nor that Novotný 's record was subsequently depicted as more ‘ Stalinist ’ than it was .
it is not surprising that dubček in his ascendancy gained the support of as many ‘ stalinists ’ as backed the ‘ conservative ’ , novotný ; nor that novotný 's record was [later] depicted as more ‘ stalinist ’ than it was .

The direct intervention of Soviet and allied forces , as in Angola ( within a year of Grechko 's pronouncement ) and , subsequently , in Ethiopia and Afghanistan , are not departures from the norms of peaceful coexistence .
the direct intervention of soviet and allied forces , as in angola ( within a year of grechko 's pronouncement ) and , [later] , in ethiopia and afghanistan , are not departures from the norms of peaceful coexistence .

Both might just by accident hit on the fraudulent behaviour eliciting the desired response , and subsequently adopt it as a strategy in such situations .
both might just by accident hit on the fraudulent behaviour eliciting the desired response , and [later] adopt it as a strategy in such situations .

In contrast , female clownfish lay their eggs around sea anemones which they subsequently help to defend .
in contrast , female clownfish lay their eggs around sea anemones which they [later] help to defend .

Nevertheless , the animals subsequently avoid the novel food .
nevertheless , the animals [later] avoid the novel food .

Subsequently , they were much less likely to avoid the saccharin solution than rats which had been given water instead of vinegar ( Revusky , 1971 ) .
[later] , they were much less likely to avoid the saccharin solution than rats which had been given water instead of vinegar ( revusky , 1971 ) .

Paradise was the lush coastal farms and the fishing islands where normal human beings preserved their traditions and their shapes by expelling all those who were born changed or who changed subsequently .
paradise was the lush coastal farms and the fishing islands where normal human beings preserved their traditions and their shapes by expelling all those who were born changed or who changed [later] .

What of the woman to whom he had recourse subsequently , on an icy world , as a fledgeling Inquisitor ?
what of the woman to whom he had recourse [later] , on an icy world , as a fledgeling inquisitor ?

Other daemons , which he confronted subsequently , had proved to be — if anything — even less appealing .
other daemons , which he confronted [later] , had proved to be — if anything — even less appealing .

Subsequently , Steve 's ice axes were found where he fell and Dave 's were located , embedded in the icy avalanche slope down which they had slid .
[later] , steve 's ice axes were found where he fell and dave 's were located , embedded in the icy avalanche slope down which they had slid .

Amongst the panda community there are many social hierarchies , subsequently when captive breeding takes place there can be no allowance made for this .
amongst the panda community there are many social hierarchies , [later] when captive breeding takes place there can be no allowance made for this .

In 1987 , for example , 2,275,000 senior middle school pupils sat the examinations but only 617,000 were subsequently enrolled in the tertiary sector ( Ethridge 1988 : 193 ) .
in 1987 , for example , 2,275,000 senior middle school pupils sat the examinations but only 617,000 were [later] enrolled in the tertiary sector ( ethridge 1988 : 193 ) .

‘ Problem pages ’ in the women 's and youth magazines carried letters from unhappy girls who had ‘ given themselves ’ to their boyfriends subsequently to be abandoned and labelled as a ‘ package of dirty linen ’ .
‘ problem pages ’ in the women 's and youth magazines carried letters from unhappy girls who had ‘ given themselves ’ to their boyfriends [later] to be abandoned and labelled as a ‘ package of dirty linen ’ .

This method can not be successfully recorded . For example , if Keith destroys ten brick towers and stabs six dolls with a plastic sword during his play therapy and subsequently attacks only one child during one day at nursery school , are we to record the number of towers , the number of stabs or the number of attacks ? Would he have attacked more children at school if he had destroyed only one tower and stabbed only two dolls ?
this method can not be successfully recorded . for example , if keith destroys ten brick towers and stabs six dolls with a plastic sword during his play therapy and [later] attacks only one child during one day at nursery school , are we to record the number of towers , the number of stabs or the number of attacks ? would he have attacked more children at school if he had destroyed only one tower and stabbed only two dolls ?

Subsequently she inappropriately rewarded this behaviour by saying ‘ Drums again !
[later] she inappropriately rewarded this behaviour by saying ‘ drums again !

Thus , when a child who calls a stool ‘ chair ’ is corrected and introduced to its more accurate name and subsequently uses the term ‘ stool ’ , it would be reasonable to say that the child had learned a new word .
thus , when a child who calls a stool ‘ chair ’ is corrected and introduced to its more accurate name and [later] uses the term ‘ stool ’ , it would be reasonable to say that the child had learned a new word .

For this reason , developmental psychologists frequently introduce descriptions of mental models , cognitive representations or conceptual understanding to provide a link between the kinds of learning which may have occurred at one point in time and the relatively sophisticated behaviours which are subsequently observed .
for this reason , developmental psychologists frequently introduce descriptions of mental models , cognitive representations or conceptual understanding to provide a link between the kinds of learning which may have occurred at one point in time and the relatively sophisticated behaviours which are [later] observed .

If the toy is subsequently hidden under a different cover or in a different place , infants of this age will almost invariably search under the cover where the toy was last found , and not where it was last seen to disappear .
if the toy is [later] hidden under a different cover or in a different place , infants of this age will almost invariably search under the cover where the toy was last found , and not where it was last seen to disappear .

While it may be possible to say , on the basis of a diagnosis , that a child will continue to experience considerable difficulties with various aspects of language , it remains true that the course and speed of language development will depend , to a great extent , upon the kinds of experience to which the child is subsequently exposed .
while it may be possible to say , on the basis of a diagnosis , that a child will continue to experience considerable difficulties with various aspects of language , it remains true that the course and speed of language development will depend , to a great extent , upon the kinds of experience to which the child is [later] exposed .

An alternative is to try and utilise the participating adults as observers who might subsequently be able to provide sufficient contextual detail to support interpretations of the transcribed speech .
an alternative is to try and utilise the participating adults as observers who might [later] be able to provide sufficient contextual detail to support interpretations of the transcribed speech .

An alternative to concurrent validity involves comparing a test score at one point in time with another measure of language performance obtained sometime subsequently .
an alternative to concurrent validity involves comparing a test score at one point in time with another measure of language performance obtained sometime [later] .

The test items were subsequently standardised on 510 children between the ages of 3 and 6 years .
the test items were [later] standardised on 510 children between the ages of 3 and 6 years .

Note the ‘ soft ’ barrage balloon tailcone which was subsequently replaced by a rigid tailcone .
note the ‘ soft ’ barrage balloon tailcone which was [later] replaced by a rigid tailcone .

Caring is frequently viewed as a low status activity , imposing a sense of personal responsibility , and possibly a sense of failure subsequently , depending on the circumstances .
caring is frequently viewed as a low status activity , imposing a sense of personal responsibility , and possibly a sense of failure [later] , depending on the circumstances .

He assumed that after the letter from the Duke of Edinburgh , the princess and her father-in-law had subsequently ‘ patched up their differences . ’
he assumed that after the letter from the duke of edinburgh , the princess and her father-in-law had [later] ‘ patched up their differences . ’

It is , however , worth mentioning that Nestlé subsequently established a special unit based in York responsible for developing the whole group 's worldwide confectionery business .
it is , however , worth mentioning that nestlé [later] established a special unit based in york responsible for developing the whole group 's worldwide confectionery business .

The Guinness bid was subsequently revamped to include the sale of a small number of minor whisky brands , which was designed to reduce the combined market share of Guinness and Distillers to below 25 per cent .
the guinness bid was [later] revamped to include the sale of a small number of minor whisky brands , which was designed to reduce the combined market share of guinness and distillers to below 25 per cent .

In addition , there were fears that , if undertakings made during a takeover bid could be put aside subsequently , then there would be calls to replace the present takeover system , based to a great extent on a voluntary code of conduct and self-regulation , by a statutory system .
in addition , there were fears that , if undertakings made during a takeover bid could be put aside [later] , then there would be calls to replace the present takeover system , based to a great extent on a voluntary code of conduct and self-regulation , by a statutory system .

Amid the growing City scandal , Ernest Saunders temporarily stepped down as Chairman and Chief Executive of Guinness and was subsequently dismissed .
amid the growing city scandal , ernest saunders temporarily stepped down as chairman and chief executive of guinness and was [later] dismissed .

The huge interest generated in the share issue meant that on the first day of trading , the partially paid price of 50p immediately increased to 93p , which emphasised the extent of the undervaluation of the company ; the share price subsequently increased by even more .
the huge interest generated in the share issue meant that on the first day of trading , the partially paid price of 50p immediately increased to 93p , which emphasised the extent of the undervaluation of the company ; the share price [later] increased by even more .

Under Phase 2 of the scheme , Nissan proposed to increase output to 100,000 cars a year by 1991 , with local content rising above 60 per cent during 1988 and subsequently rising to 80 per cent .
under phase 2 of the scheme , nissan proposed to increase output to 100,000 cars a year by 1991 , with local content rising above 60 per cent during 1988 and [later] rising to 80 per cent .

This was the case despite the great shift towards preference for owner-occupation that had occurred subsequently and , as described above , a favourable tax regime towards such housing .
this was the case despite the great shift towards preference for owner-occupation that had occurred [later] and , as described above , a favourable tax regime towards such housing .

It should be pointed out that the decline has not just been in evidence under the Conservative government , but was also apparent before 1979 , although it has accelerated subsequently .
it should be pointed out that the decline has not just been in evidence under the conservative government , but was also apparent before 1979 , although it has accelerated [later] .

Subsequently , the box was collected from the Pump-house and returned to Appleby Hall where it was returned to its place among the ruins .
[later] , the box was collected from the pump-house and returned to appleby hall where it was returned to its place among the ruins .

Others who visited the line subsequently to share the experience were not favoured to witness the sound of the ghostly train .
others who visited the line [later] to share the experience were not favoured to witness the sound of the ghostly train .

He subsequently saw them laughing and talking with the guard before the train left Birmingham and described both youngsters as well dressed ; the boy was wearing a school uniform of yellow and brown with cap to match and scarf .
he [later] saw them laughing and talking with the guard before the train left birmingham and described both youngsters as well dressed ; the boy was wearing a school uniform of yellow and brown with cap to match and scarf .

Often the result is that the child , and subsequently the adult , in order to avoid punishment , will suppress feelings which might in fact be quite normal and natural , and indeed necessary to the human condition .
often the result is that the child , and [later] the adult , in order to avoid punishment , will suppress feelings which might in fact be quite normal and natural , and indeed necessary to the human condition .

In Britain , few people were aware of Sir Alan Walter 's significance in shaping the government 's economic policy until he fell out with the Chancellor , Nigel Lawson , who subsequently resigned .
in britain , few people were aware of sir alan walter 's significance in shaping the government 's economic policy until he fell out with the chancellor , nigel lawson , who [later] resigned .

If friends are foolhardy but kind enough to let you loose in their gardens , it is a very nice idea to make them a small picture from some of the flowers you have gathered and subsequently pressed .
if friends are foolhardy but kind enough to let you loose in their gardens , it is a very nice idea to make them a small picture from some of the flowers you have gathered and [later] pressed .

Munich fully exposed the divisions and confusions within the peace movement . The Peace Pledge Union , which had praised Chamberlain 's efforts , subsequently issued a leaflet describing Munich as a pacifist victory :
munich fully exposed the divisions and confusions within the peace movement . the peace pledge union , which had praised chamberlain 's efforts , [later] issued a leaflet describing munich as a pacifist victory :

Wood can be glued very well by wetting it with water which is subsequently frozen .
wood can be glued very well by wetting it with water which is [later] frozen .

Most of the original infections in plywood are killed in the hot pressing process , but if the material is subsequently exposed to bacteria or fungi and water it will rot quite quickly .
most of the original infections in plywood are killed in the hot pressing process , but if the material is [later] exposed to bacteria or fungi and water it will rot quite quickly .

Match referee Peter Burge subsequently received a report on the incident from Aldridge , who umpired the World Cup final between Pakistan and England in Melbourne .
match referee peter burge [later] received a report on the incident from aldridge , who umpired the world cup final between pakistan and england in melbourne .

Andrew 's performances then , and subsequently , were rock solid and the die was cast .
andrew 's performances then , and [later] , were rock solid and the die was cast .

The sport 's governing body is also considering suing the American athlete for libel over accusations he made during a campaign to clear his name after he tested positive for steroids in Monte Carlo in August 1990 and was subsequently banned for two years .
the sport 's governing body is also considering suing the american athlete for libel over accusations he made during a campaign to clear his name after he tested positive for steroids in monte carlo in august 1990 and was [later] banned for two years .

However , when subsequently he became employed solely by an audit firm established in Germany , and thus ceased to fulfil the conditions described above , his authorisation to practise in Luxembourg was cancelled .
however , when [later] he became employed solely by an audit firm established in germany , and thus ceased to fulfil the conditions described above , his authorisation to practise in luxembourg was cancelled .

The farmer subsequently purchased 90 ewes and 40 cattle for fattening , and ploughed 37 acres for wheat growing .
the farmer [later] purchased 90 ewes and 40 cattle for fattening , and ploughed 37 acres for wheat growing .

The company subsequently went into receivership and the bank called in the personal guarantees .
the company [later] went into receivership and the bank called in the personal guarantees .

In another case , a director of an investment company was disqualified for 10 years and his co-director for six years because they had caused the company to continue trading while insolvent , had transferred assets to other companies which subsequently failed , and had been seriously negligent .
in another case , a director of an investment company was disqualified for 10 years and his co-director for six years because they had caused the company to continue trading while insolvent , had transferred assets to other companies which [later] failed , and had been seriously negligent .

The key to success in the best practice approach is the involvement , and subsequently the commitment , of as many people as possible .
the key to success in the best practice approach is the involvement , and [later] the commitment , of as many people as possible .

Apart from the obvious benefits of this wider involvement the initial enquiries ensure that the questions on which the analysis will subsequently be based are realistic and important to the activity to be reviewed .
apart from the obvious benefits of this wider involvement the initial enquiries ensure that the questions on which the analysis will [later] be based are realistic and important to the activity to be reviewed .

Even without this , it would be a very necessary routine as a means of adding a broader dimension to the findings leading to the subsequently confirmed conclusions .
even without this , it would be a very necessary routine as a means of adding a broader dimension to the findings leading to the [later] confirmed conclusions .

It may be instructive that the prime mover in the action was an American bank ( Allied International ) which has subsequently ceased operations in London and which withdrew from the action on those grounds , although their vice president in charge of operations at the material time was , and still is , resident here .
it may be instructive that the prime mover in the action was an american bank ( allied international ) which has [later] ceased operations in london and which withdrew from the action on those grounds , although their vice president in charge of operations at the material time was , and still is , resident here .

They offer a good deal if interest rates , high at the time of purchase , subsequently fall .
they offer a good deal if interest rates , high at the time of purchase , [later] fall .

The risk is that the procedure could possibly self-incriminate a firm if , for instance , it marked a document which subsequently proved to be fraudulent or defective and which at the time gave no rise for any audit comments .
the risk is that the procedure could possibly self-incriminate a firm if , for instance , it marked a document which [later] proved to be fraudulent or defective and which at the time gave no rise for any audit comments .

Assuming that neither the document in question , nor the tests of which its examination formed a part , gave the auditor reason to be put on enquiry , he can hardly be criticised if it subsequently transpires that the document was fraudulently created or used .
assuming that neither the document in question , nor the tests of which its examination formed a part , gave the auditor reason to be put on enquiry , he can hardly be criticised if it [later] transpires that the document was fraudulently created or used .

Where the company subsequently becomes aware that its figure is no longer the ‘ best estimate ’ , or can be replaced by an accurate figure , this information should be sent to the inspector without unreasonable delay .
where the company [later] becomes aware that its figure is no longer the ‘ best estimate ’ , or can be replaced by an accurate figure , this information should be sent to the inspector without unreasonable delay .

Subsequently , there have been attempts to bring together man in relation to his work .
[later] , there have been attempts to bring together man in relation to his work .

Experiences in a depersonalized family in childhood that subsequently bring about this readiness for schizoid withdrawal are re-awakened in a social situation that is depersonalizing .
experiences in a depersonalized family in childhood that [later] bring about this readiness for schizoid withdrawal are re-awakened in a social situation that is depersonalizing .

Subsequently , a munitions factory was erected on the Croydon side of the aerodrome , with both railway and tramway sidings leading into its yard .
[later] , a munitions factory was erected on the croydon side of the aerodrome , with both railway and tramway sidings leading into its yard .

It was subsequently sold to Croydon Corporation and used by their Refuse Department .
it was [later] sold to croydon corporation and used by their refuse department .

Purley depôt stood empty until 23 November , when it was sold for £20,000 , passing subsequently to Messrs. Schweppes Mineral Waters as a store .
purley depôt stood empty until 23 november , when it was sold for £20,000 , passing [later] to messrs. schweppes mineral waters as a store .

As delivered , these cars did not carry any destination equipment , but new cars delivered in 1906 and subsequently , had wooden destination boxes on tall stanchions above the ends of the upper deck .
as delivered , these cars did not carry any destination equipment , but new cars delivered in 1906 and [later] , had wooden destination boxes on tall stanchions above the ends of the upper deck .

Subsequently they were cannibalised to provide spare parts for other cars of the class .
[later] they were cannibalised to provide spare parts for other cars of the class .

The Urgent Issues Task Force subsequently published a ruling specifically aimed at preventing such a practice , but Trafalgar House , after taking legal and independent accounting advice , consistently refused to bow to Panel pressures to restate its accounts .
the urgent issues task force [later] published a ruling specifically aimed at preventing such a practice , but trafalgar house , after taking legal and independent accounting advice , consistently refused to bow to panel pressures to restate its accounts .

Presumably a substantial profit could be made if the church bought the land and subsequently sold it .
presumably a substantial profit could be made if the church bought the land and [later] sold it .

The church wishes to acquire the adjacent land ( a new site ) , apply for planning permission and subsequently sell the new site , realising a profit that may be applied in building a new church on the existing land .
the church wishes to acquire the adjacent land ( a new site ) , apply for planning permission and [later] sell the new site , realising a profit that may be applied in building a new church on the existing land .

If , for example , prior to a sale , the wife transfers all her shares to her husband , he should subsequently have his shareholding valued on the assumption that he held all the shares on 31 March 1982 .
if , for example , prior to a sale , the wife transfers all her shares to her husband , he should [later] have his shareholding valued on the assumption that he held all the shares on 31 march 1982 .

After quickly dispatching such topical issues as the accounting treatment for war damage contributions and claims , it proceeded to issue a series of accounting recommendations , many of which were subsequently enacted in the Companies Act of 1948 .
after quickly dispatching such topical issues as the accounting treatment for war damage contributions and claims , it proceeded to issue a series of accounting recommendations , many of which were [later] enacted in the companies act of 1948 .

The amount attributed to equity shares or warrants should not be subsequently adjusted to reflect changes in the value of the shares or warrants .
the amount attributed to equity shares or warrants should not be [later] adjusted to reflect changes in the value of the shares or warrants .

The distance was subsequently adopted as the marathon standard and the Poly Marathon was born .
the distance was [later] adopted as the marathon standard and the poly marathon was born .

Much of the credit for that must go to New Zealander George Simpkin , the man who made a name for himself as coach of Waikato and subsequently as coach of Fiji in the 1987 World Cup .
much of the credit for that must go to new zealander george simpkin , the man who made a name for himself as coach of waikato and [later] as coach of fiji in the 1987 world cup .

Amongst those who did not do duty in this year 's championship are Phil Davies ( standing down as Llanelli skipper after a highly successful five year run ; reverting to the second row and declaring his intention to challenge for a place in the Lions party in that position — remember the trouble he gave Paul Ackford when Wales last beat England in 1989 ) ; David Bryant ( controversially appointed a youthful pack leader in his first season in international rugby under the John Ryan regime , now recovered from a debilitating period of illness ) ; Andy Allen ( the front jumper was capped out of Newbridge in 1990 , subsequently becoming yet another moving down the valley to Newport ) ; Aled Williams ( one cap as a replacement wing in Namibia in 1990 , when a Bridgend player , but increasingly favoured by many to join Robert Jones in forming a club halfback partnership ) .
amongst those who did not do duty in this year 's championship are phil davies ( standing down as llanelli skipper after a highly successful five year run ; reverting to the second row and declaring his intention to challenge for a place in the lions party in that position — remember the trouble he gave paul ackford when wales last beat england in 1989 ) ; david bryant ( controversially appointed a youthful pack leader in his first season in international rugby under the john ryan regime , now recovered from a debilitating period of illness ) ; andy allen ( the front jumper was capped out of newbridge in 1990 , [later] becoming yet another moving down the valley to newport ) ; aled williams ( one cap as a replacement wing in namibia in 1990 , when a bridgend player , but increasingly favoured by many to join robert jones in forming a club halfback partnership ) .

The other interesting scenario is when a woman who has lived with a man at some stage in her life subsequently opts for marriage , either with this partner or a future one .
the other interesting scenario is when a woman who has lived with a man at some stage in her life [later] opts for marriage , either with this partner or a future one .

These views are surprisingly common among women who were extremely ambitious in their own careers and subsequently transferred those competitive and careerist feelings on to their partners and children .
these views are surprisingly common among women who were extremely ambitious in their own careers and [later] transferred those competitive and careerist feelings on to their partners and children .

If you intend to insert subtitles at a later editing stage ( rather than superimposing them live at the time of shooting ) , you will need to reserve space for these on the tape by shooting overlength material which can subsequently be erased and over-recorded by the insert .
if you intend to insert subtitles at a later editing stage ( rather than superimposing them live at the time of shooting ) , you will need to reserve space for these on the tape by shooting overlength material which can [later] be erased and over-recorded by the insert .

Subsequently , the Baring Foundation , the Wolfson Foundation and the Foundation for Sport and the Arts provided £250,000 , which will cover all the debts from this phase of building .
[later] , the baring foundation , the wolfson foundation and the foundation for sport and the arts provided £250,000 , which will cover all the debts from this phase of building .

The decision was subsequently reversed on appeal to the High Court .
the decision was [later] reversed on appeal to the high court .

Once a claim has been made and accepted by the Revenue , it may not be subsequently withdrawn .
once a claim has been made and accepted by the revenue , it may not be [later] withdrawn .

The Revenue will not subsequently be bound by any information or statements given , whether expressly or implicitly in relation to the claim .
the revenue will not [later] be bound by any information or statements given , whether expressly or implicitly in relation to the claim .

The assessment was determined by the General Commissioners and a statutory demand subsequently served on the debtor to recover the tax payable .
the assessment was determined by the general commissioners and a statutory demand [later] served on the debtor to recover the tax payable .

An assessment was raised for the year to 31 January 1978 , in the absence of accounts , which was subsequently confirmed by the General Commissioners .
an assessment was raised for the year to 31 january 1978 , in the absence of accounts , which was [later] confirmed by the general commissioners .

These would subsequently be tried out and evaluated in the classroom , the teacher having been given a set of possible procedures for doing this .
these would [later] be tried out and evaluated in the classroom , the teacher having been given a set of possible procedures for doing this .

The object would be to use them to develop learning procedures which would provide the basis for learners subsequently to process language and acquire the packaged units for themselves .
the object would be to use them to develop learning procedures which would provide the basis for learners [later] to process language and acquire the packaged units for themselves .

Minimum investment is $ 10,000 or equivalent and $ 2,000 subsequently .
minimum investment is $ 10,000 or equivalent and $ 2,000 [later] .

It was based on the Memorandum of Dissent of the minority , the late Professor ( subsequently Lord ) Kaldor and the two trades union representatives , on the Royal Commission on the Taxation of Profits and Income which published its Final Report in 1955 .
it was based on the memorandum of dissent of the minority , the late professor ( [later] lord ) kaldor and the two trades union representatives , on the royal commission on the taxation of profits and income which published its final report in 1955 .

Can you please advise what steps should be taken when registering a company name to ensure that subsequently there is no embarrassment over the use of someone else 's trade mark ?
can you please advise what steps should be taken when registering a company name to ensure that [later] there is no embarrassment over the use of someone else 's trade mark ?

The carrying value should be adjusted if dividends are subsequently paid out of profits earned prior to the change of status .
the carrying value should be adjusted if dividends are [later] paid out of profits earned prior to the change of status .

This will be 7.5 % for accounting periods ending before 1 January 1994 , and may subsequently be varied .
this will be 7.5 % for accounting periods ending before 1 january 1994 , and may [later] be varied .

Subsequently , the company failed , the investor lost its money and claimed against the auditors .
[later] , the company failed , the investor lost its money and claimed against the auditors .

In September 1984 , Caparo made a bid for the remaining shares and subsequently acquired them .
in september 1984 , caparo made a bid for the remaining shares and [later] acquired them .

Researchers working in the 1950s perhaps could be forgiven for not recognizing the importance of ethnicity in family relations , since Britain was a more monolithic society in ethnic terms than it became subsequently .
researchers working in the 1950s perhaps could be forgiven for not recognizing the importance of ethnicity in family relations , since britain was a more monolithic society in ethnic terms than it became [later] .

We do not know how this activated state is subsequently maintained throughout the healing process , although the final overrun and pile-up suggest that it takes some time to switch off .
we do not know how this activated state is [later] maintained throughout the healing process , although the final overrun and pile-up suggest that it takes some time to switch off .

These findings strongly suggest a simple model : the muscle directs the motor neuron to the synaptic zone by means of preferential adhesion mechanisms and the motor neuron subsequently directs the localization of gluRs to the synaptic zone and , either directly or indirectly , stimulates the further expression of gluRs during later synaptogenesis .
these findings strongly suggest a simple model : the muscle directs the motor neuron to the synaptic zone by means of preferential adhesion mechanisms and the motor neuron [later] directs the localization of glurs to the synaptic zone and , either directly or indirectly , stimulates the further expression of glurs during later synaptogenesis .

This can excite continuous , even steady , poleward flow as the boundary subsequently relaxes poleward .
this can excite continuous , even steady , poleward flow as the boundary [later] relaxes poleward .

What follows are the most reliable facts which his early biographies ( John Aiken , 1792 and James Baldwin Brown , 1823 ) provided and which have subsequently been checked and accepted , as far as possible , from his own works and from later accounts .
what follows are the most reliable facts which his early biographies ( john aiken , 1792 and james baldwin brown , 1823 ) provided and which have [later] been checked and accepted , as far as possible , from his own works and from later accounts .

While these clauses as such refer to the East only , the same theological principles apply elsewhere , and were subsequently explicitly applied in the Secretariat of Unity 's first Directory .
while these clauses as such refer to the east only , the same theological principles apply elsewhere , and were [later] explicitly applied in the secretariat of unity 's first directory .

If the tendency towards crime is not seen as being already determined at the point of conception through the genes we inherit , then the obvious conclusion is that it must be subsequently acquired in some way .
if the tendency towards crime is not seen as being already determined at the point of conception through the genes we inherit , then the obvious conclusion is that it must be [later] acquired in some way .

And subsequently , the practical discipline of ‘ penology ’ tended to become separated from ‘ criminology proper ’ .
and [later] , the practical discipline of ‘ penology ’ tended to become separated from ‘ criminology proper ’ .

As we saw when considering the interactionist critique of positivism , there are two particularly important reasons for this : first , the processes of definition and application produce the data specifying the nature of , and the trends in , crime , and the characteristics of criminals that are subsequently used by criminologists to construct their theories and explanations ; second , these processes of definition and application have consequences for the meanings , implications and justifications that those ‘ labelled ’ by them give to their own actions .
as we saw when considering the interactionist critique of positivism , there are two particularly important reasons for this : first , the processes of definition and application produce the data specifying the nature of , and the trends in , crime , and the characteristics of criminals that are [later] used by criminologists to construct their theories and explanations ; second , these processes of definition and application have consequences for the meanings , implications and justifications that those ‘ labelled ’ by them give to their own actions .

She 'd met him at one of Klein 's parties — a casual encounter — and had given him very little conscious thought subsequently .
she 'd met him at one of klein 's parties — a casual encounter — and had given him very little conscious thought [later] .

Subsequently , the victor fell so in love with Russia that in the late 1980s he sought to buy a flat in Moscow .
[later] , the victor fell so in love with russia that in the late 1980s he sought to buy a flat in moscow .

There we read the following definition : Subsequently Day repeats this concept in terms that seem especially relevant to the quiet tone and intimate atmosphere of the Sonnets .
there we read the following definition : [later] day repeats this concept in terms that seem especially relevant to the quiet tone and intimate atmosphere of the sonnets .

Indeed , Lord Plowden ( who was at the time a civil servant engaged in economic planning and subsequently the chairman of a public corporation ) has recently suggested that the blueprint laid down in the Act was arguably too detailed , and that questions such as the division of powers between the centre and Area Boards could rationally be placed within the purview of nationalised industry management rather than of Parliament .
indeed , lord plowden ( who was at the time a civil servant engaged in economic planning and [later] the chairman of a public corporation ) has recently suggested that the blueprint laid down in the act was arguably too detailed , and that questions such as the division of powers between the centre and area boards could rationally be placed within the purview of nationalised industry management rather than of parliament .

In the South Western Board , for example , it was decided to centralise accounting functions , reducing billing costs by more than a quarter in the first eighteen months , and there were further economies subsequently through mechanisation and centralisation on their Plymouth accounting office .
in the south western board , for example , it was decided to centralise accounting functions , reducing billing costs by more than a quarter in the first eighteen months , and there were further economies [later] through mechanisation and centralisation on their plymouth accounting office .

In theory , customs and excise appointments were made by the boards of commissioners in Edinburgh , but the fact that the commissioners ' recommendations had subsequently to be confirmed by the Treasury in London allowed plenty of opportunity for political intervention .
in theory , customs and excise appointments were made by the boards of commissioners in edinburgh , but the fact that the commissioners ' recommendations had [later] to be confirmed by the treasury in london allowed plenty of opportunity for political intervention .

Consequently , field social workers delayed the decision to admit young people to care , and , subsequently , were forced to do so when events had overtaken them .
consequently , field social workers delayed the decision to admit young people to care , and , [later] , were forced to do so when events had overtaken them .

They found that 161 of the children were admitted , and for the remaining 200 children the initial decision was that they should not come into care although subsequently a significant proportion did .
they found that 161 of the children were admitted , and for the remaining 200 children the initial decision was that they should not come into care although [later] a significant proportion did .

Workers from the integrated playscheme subsequently supported a local special school in integrating under fives into a playgroup .
workers from the integrated playscheme [later] supported a local special school in integrating under fives into a playgroup .

Attendance at a special school may automatically limit the choices subsequently offered to individuals when expectations are low and stereotyped .
attendance at a special school may automatically limit the choices [later] offered to individuals when expectations are low and stereotyped .

The proposal , subsequently explained away as part of the Treasury 's continual reassessment of revenue sources , was immediately squashed by the Department of National Heritage .
the proposal , [later] explained away as part of the treasury 's continual reassessment of revenue sources , was immediately squashed by the department of national heritage .

Although subsequently closely associated with the work of Matisse and the Fauves ( he founded the Salon d'Automne with Matisse and Marquet ) his work was seen by contemporaries as unique .
although [later] closely associated with the work of matisse and the fauves ( he founded the salon d'automne with matisse and marquet ) his work was seen by contemporaries as unique .

£250,000–350,000 ) were subsequently negotiated at £1million ( $ 1.5 million ) and £175,000 ( $ 262,500 ) respectively .
£250,000–350,000 ) were [later] negotiated at £1million ( $ 1.5 million ) and £175,000 ( $ 262,500 ) respectively .

The ad has been subsequently withdrawn from a number of magazines because of the fear of possible legal action under libel laws .
the ad has been [later] withdrawn from a number of magazines because of the fear of possible legal action under libel laws .

Hydroelectric schemes and dams , sometimes ill-conceived and subsequently damaging to the environment ; roads and cultivation ; forest clearance , often to make a quick profit : all these and many more ‘ improvements ’ drove the elephant into areas where it had never lived before .
hydroelectric schemes and dams , sometimes ill-conceived and [later] damaging to the environment ; roads and cultivation ; forest clearance , often to make a quick profit : all these and many more ‘ improvements ’ drove the elephant into areas where it had never lived before .

Of the land mammals , eleven are unique , including two that have almost certainly subsequently been introduced to nearby smaller islands by man .
of the land mammals , eleven are unique , including two that have almost certainly [later] been introduced to nearby smaller islands by man .

Subsequently , Ernest Melling ( now the Federation 's secretary ) stood for Blackburn 's staunchly Labour Trinity ward on a pensioner 's independent ticket .
[later] , ernest melling ( now the federation 's secretary ) stood for blackburn 's staunchly labour trinity ward on a pensioner 's independent ticket .

By defining retirement as coterminous with dependency , the ‘ structured dependency ’ authors inevitably see the trend towards earlier retirement as regrettable , but in fact it need not be so : this depends on the extent to which retirement leads subsequently to poverty in old age , and to discover this it is necessary to look at the other three main determinants of the financial status of the elderly .
by defining retirement as coterminous with dependency , the ‘ structured dependency ’ authors inevitably see the trend towards earlier retirement as regrettable , but in fact it need not be so : this depends on the extent to which retirement leads [later] to poverty in old age , and to discover this it is necessary to look at the other three main determinants of the financial status of the elderly .

Although these proportions changed subsequently , particularly among the 55–59 age group , after three years only one in four of the whole group ( excluding those who had retired at the normal pension ages ) were in work .
although these proportions changed [later] , particularly among the 55–59 age group , after three years only one in four of the whole group ( excluding those who had retired at the normal pension ages ) were in work .

Half of those who retired at that point or subsequently were effectively forced into early retirement by ill health or the lack of job opportunities .
half of those who retired at that point or [later] were effectively forced into early retirement by ill health or the lack of job opportunities .

This dramatic turnaround was subsequently converted into victory as Adebisi held his service game to take the set , the match and first ever championship title .
this dramatic turnaround was [later] converted into victory as adebisi held his service game to take the set , the match and first ever championship title .

Subsequently , such authors as the Brontë sisters , Jane Austen , Oliver Goldsmith , Jonathan Swift and others of great renown were the apparent signatories of letters placed in the care of Mr Singleton and sold by him by way of his bookshop or through the hands of trusted business friends who ran seemingly dowdy or seedy little second-hand enterprises in shops dark and dusty .
[later] , such authors as the brontë sisters , jane austen , oliver goldsmith , jonathan swift and others of great renown were the apparent signatories of letters placed in the care of mr singleton and sold by him by way of his bookshop or through the hands of trusted business friends who ran seemingly dowdy or seedy little second-hand enterprises in shops dark and dusty .

In Germany , both the Minister for Internal Affairs and the Ministers of Culture in the Lander can take independent decisions , while the Russian part of the commission is a consultative body and can only make recommendations which are subsequently ratified at State level .
in germany , both the minister for internal affairs and the ministers of culture in the lander can take independent decisions , while the russian part of the commission is a consultative body and can only make recommendations which are [later] ratified at state level .

The inaugural show ‘ Alternative Visions : Liu Dan and Hiromitsu Morimoto ’ ( 23 April-12 June ) juxtaposes a Chinese-American painter with a Japanese-American photographer , and will subsequently travel to four Takashimiya venues in Japan .
the inaugural show ‘ alternative visions : liu dan and hiromitsu morimoto ’ ( 23 april-12 june ) juxtaposes a chinese-american painter with a japanese-american photographer , and will [later] travel to four takashimiya venues in japan .

The Export Reviewing Committee subsequently reported that the dealers had circumvented them after withdrawing the export licence and dismembering the book , sending the individual sheets ( each valued at an sum below the licence threshold ) to New York .
the export reviewing committee [later] reported that the dealers had circumvented them after withdrawing the export licence and dismembering the book , sending the individual sheets ( each valued at an sum below the licence threshold ) to new york .

subsequently after about ten flights , and porting over the books , and speaking to people who serviced them during the war years , they discovered that all it needed was a well-placed whack with a hammer on the trailing edge of the aileron .
[later] after about ten flights , and porting over the books , and speaking to people who serviced them during the war years , they discovered that all it needed was a well-placed whack with a hammer on the trailing edge of the aileron .

subsequently , with an established case , to measure progress
[later] , with an established case , to measure progress

If anything , they have subsequently been more important and have played a more central role in theological debate than the earlier orthodox/rationalist debating points .
if anything , they have [later] been more important and have played a more central role in theological debate than the earlier orthodox/rationalist debating points .

Could not the ‘ real Jesus ’ or , as later generations were to term him , the ‘ historical Jesus ’ , conceivably have been quite a different sort of figure from the Christ who was subsequently preached and described in the terms of the Nicene Creed as God made man ?
could not the ‘ real jesus ’ or , as later generations were to term him , the ‘ historical jesus ’ , conceivably have been quite a different sort of figure from the christ who was [later] preached and described in the terms of the nicene creed as god made man ?

He subsequently concluded that , in spite of his own intentions , it was still too deeply coloured by the thought of Kierkegaard and Heidegger , that it gave faith a wrong kind of priority over revelation in the arrangement of its material , and that its account of faith was more Existentialist than Christian .
he [later] concluded that , in spite of his own intentions , it was still too deeply coloured by the thought of kierkegaard and heidegger , that it gave faith a wrong kind of priority over revelation in the arrangement of its material , and that its account of faith was more existentialist than christian .

But it was Barth himself who really carried this programme through , insisting that even the doctrines of creation and sin must be grounded in christology , that there is no predestination of God apart from Jesus Christ , that on the cross Jesus himself is the one rejected and abandoned by God , and that both judgement and mercy , reprobation and election , must be seen as worked through in him , All these lines must , so to speak , be carried into the centre where they meet in Jesus Christ himself , and be seen as opening out from him rather than as constituting a distinct frame of reference into which he can be subsequently fitted .
but it was barth himself who really carried this programme through , insisting that even the doctrines of creation and sin must be grounded in christology , that there is no predestination of god apart from jesus christ , that on the cross jesus himself is the one rejected and abandoned by god , and that both judgement and mercy , reprobation and election , must be seen as worked through in him , all these lines must , so to speak , be carried into the centre where they meet in jesus christ himself , and be seen as opening out from him rather than as constituting a distinct frame of reference into which he can be [later] fitted .

One hesitates over publicising these things for fear of sparking imitations , but you 're going to read about it somewhere so it might as well be here — over the past few weeks it has become clear that setting up telescopes to watch people tapping their numbers into automatic teller machines and then scavenging for discarded receipts bearing the account number is a really outdated way of defrauding banks and their customers — these days , you set up a bogus teller machine of your own and record the card details as the customer keys in the number : in the latest instance , a gang in Manchester , Connecticut set up a mobile teller machine in the Buckland Hills Mall Associated Press reports , sabotaged the other machines in the shopping mall to encourage people to use it , and later wheeled the machine away and debriefed it on all its card secrets , using the data to make up counterfeit cards which were subsequently used to withdraw cash from the accounts in the New York area ; moral — stick to machines you know .
one hesitates over publicising these things for fear of sparking imitations , but you 're going to read about it somewhere so it might as well be here — over the past few weeks it has become clear that setting up telescopes to watch people tapping their numbers into automatic teller machines and then scavenging for discarded receipts bearing the account number is a really outdated way of defrauding banks and their customers — these days , you set up a bogus teller machine of your own and record the card details as the customer keys in the number : in the latest instance , a gang in manchester , connecticut set up a mobile teller machine in the buckland hills mall associated press reports , sabotaged the other machines in the shopping mall to encourage people to use it , and later wheeled the machine away and debriefed it on all its card secrets , using the data to make up counterfeit cards which were [later] used to withdraw cash from the accounts in the new york area ; moral — stick to machines you know .

To Welford Beaton the great weakness of the movie industry was that it had been ‘ born without reasoning faculties ’ and had failed subsequently to develop any : since birth , he suggested , the industry had ‘ allowed the box-office to do its thinking for it ’ .
to welford beaton the great weakness of the movie industry was that it had been ‘ born without reasoning faculties ’ and had failed [later] to develop any : since birth , he suggested , the industry had ‘ allowed the box-office to do its thinking for it ’ .

You ca n't go digging at random , leaving behind mounds of earth until you find the right spot ; you just have to hope that it has n't subsequently been covered by path , patio or drive , and has been sited in the most likely place — under the lawn .
you ca n't go digging at random , leaving behind mounds of earth until you find the right spot ; you just have to hope that it has n't [later] been covered by path , patio or drive , and has been sited in the most likely place — under the lawn .

It has particular significance for those churches who over the last decade , aided by the enthusiasm which stemmed from the Archbishop of Canterbury 's report ‘ Faith in the City ’ ( December , 1985 ) and the subsequently established Church Urban Fund , have tried to put their buildings , their membership and above all their local networks at the service of the wider community .
it has particular significance for those churches who over the last decade , aided by the enthusiasm which stemmed from the archbishop of canterbury 's report ‘ faith in the city ’ ( december , 1985 ) and the [later] established church urban fund , have tried to put their buildings , their membership and above all their local networks at the service of the wider community .

Britain 's growing involvement in the highly profitable slave trade from the middle of the seventeenth century gave further impetus to the spread of racist caricatures and subsequently to the developments of the more systematic racial classifications and doctrines of the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries , which added a pseudo-scientific legitimation to earlier myths ( Banton and Harwood , 1975 ) .
britain 's growing involvement in the highly profitable slave trade from the middle of the seventeenth century gave further impetus to the spread of racist caricatures and [later] to the developments of the more systematic racial classifications and doctrines of the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries , which added a pseudo-scientific legitimation to earlier myths ( banton and harwood , 1975 ) .

However , the significance of the slave trade , and subsequently the establishment of British colonies in the Caribbean and the imperial domination of India , lay not merely in their ideological impact on the growth of racism at home , but also , and some would argue more importantly , in their economic impact on Africa , the Caribbean , India and Britain .
however , the significance of the slave trade , and [later] the establishment of british colonies in the caribbean and the imperial domination of india , lay not merely in their ideological impact on the growth of racism at home , but also , and some would argue more importantly , in their economic impact on africa , the caribbean , india and britain .

It is very rare for young people recruited on that basis to be sacked if they subsequently fail to pass the exam or gain a certain grade .
it is very rare for young people recruited on that basis to be sacked if they [later] fail to pass the exam or gain a certain grade .

One single-handed edged weapon — not a two-handed weapon or an axe — can be sharpened with this tool , and this act drains the last magic from it ( other weapons can be sharpened subsequently , but this will not enchant them ) .
one single-handed edged weapon — not a two-handed weapon or an axe — can be sharpened with this tool , and this act drains the last magic from it ( other weapons can be sharpened [later] , but this will not enchant them ) .

Subsequently , in the absence of major dislocations such as war or revolution , the provisions appear to show a good deal of tenacity , retaining many of their early characteristics despite subsequent evolution .
[later] , in the absence of major dislocations such as war or revolution , the provisions appear to show a good deal of tenacity , retaining many of their early characteristics despite subsequent evolution .

In that country the original intention was to oppose the compulsory arbitration system which employers had regarded as a fundamental challenge to management rights , and subsequently to disseminate information and advice to association members ‘ in interpreting the maze of awards , classifications and legislation that the system was producing ’ ( Plowman , 1980 , p. 253 ) .
in that country the original intention was to oppose the compulsory arbitration system which employers had regarded as a fundamental challenge to management rights , and [later] to disseminate information and advice to association members ‘ in interpreting the maze of awards , classifications and legislation that the system was producing ’ ( plowman , 1980 , p. 253 ) .

Similarly , in West Germany collective agreements have on occasion introduced new labour norms which subsequently became generalised minimum statutory standards .
similarly , in west germany collective agreements have on occasion introduced new labour norms which [later] became generalised minimum statutory standards .

It is true that these original objectives and policies of particular types of union concerning the labour and product markets of the relevant occupation and industry have subsequently been modified as the unions amalgamated or became more diversified in terms of their recruitment .
it is true that these original objectives and policies of particular types of union concerning the labour and product markets of the relevant occupation and industry have [later] been modified as the unions amalgamated or became more diversified in terms of their recruitment .

The major agreements are drawn up between a small number of tightly-controlled organisations and the outcome of their central negotiations sets guidelines and limits to the industry-wide negotiations which then subsequently take place .
the major agreements are drawn up between a small number of tightly-controlled organisations and the outcome of their central negotiations sets guidelines and limits to the industry-wide negotiations which then [later] take place .

At Durham , Neile installed a new marble altar at the east end of the cathedral , and he subsequently introduced similar changes to the interiors of Winchester Cathedral and York Minster .
at durham , neile installed a new marble altar at the east end of the cathedral , and he [later] introduced similar changes to the interiors of winchester cathedral and york minster .

Tyndale 's claim that ‘ God hath made the king in every realm judge over all ’ also made a favourable impression on Henry , and he subsequently declared : ‘ This book is for me and all kings to read .
tyndale 's claim that ‘ god hath made the king in every realm judge over all ’ also made a favourable impression on henry , and he [later] declared : ‘ this book is for me and all kings to read .

However , even though Frederick and Elizabeth were subsequently expelled from both Bohemia and the Palatinate , James resisted the clamour for war from his later parliaments and resolutely refused to agree to military intervention on behalf of his family and faith .
however , even though frederick and elizabeth were [later] expelled from both bohemia and the palatinate , james resisted the clamour for war from his later parliaments and resolutely refused to agree to military intervention on behalf of his family and faith .

From the late 1620s onwards , a significant number of courtiers had begun to attend mass at the queen 's chapel and a steady stream of them subsequently became converts to Roman Catholicism .
from the late 1620s onwards , a significant number of courtiers had begun to attend mass at the queen 's chapel and a steady stream of them [later] became converts to roman catholicism .

Subsequently , although a civilian , the German conscript was still obliged to serve in the Regular Reserve for four or five years , according to his arm .
[later] , although a civilian , the german conscript was still obliged to serve in the regular reserve for four or five years , according to his arm .

He subsequently supported Hitler and took part in his abortive putsch in 1923 .
he [later] supported hitler and took part in his abortive putsch in 1923 .

Messines also provided a sure lesson for future campaigns : surprise and limited , attainable objectives that could subsequently be held should be the tactical aim .
messines also provided a sure lesson for future campaigns : surprise and limited , attainable objectives that could [later] be held should be the tactical aim .

So chronological sequence may be marked by next , after , that , subsequently , etc .
so chronological sequence may be marked by next , after , that , [later] , etc .

Pupils exposed to this type of participatory , exploratory approach to literature can acquire a firm foundation from which to proceed to more formal literary responses , should they subsequently choose to do so .
pupils exposed to this type of participatory , exploratory approach to literature can acquire a firm foundation from which to proceed to more formal literary responses , should they [later] choose to do so .

If someone has a judgment summons filed against them , but subsequently pays the debt , they can get a Certificate of satisfaction by applying to the court in which judgment was given originally , and paying 50p .
if someone has a judgment summons filed against them , but [later] pays the debt , they can get a certificate of satisfaction by applying to the court in which judgment was given originally , and paying 50p .

Subsequently , with the sending out of the Seventy , they were to announce , ‘ The Kingdom of God has come near you ’ ( Luke 10:9 ) .
[later] , with the sending out of the seventy , they were to announce , ‘ the kingdom of god has come near you ’ ( luke 10:9 ) .

Yet these signs in themselves emphasise the provisional nature of the Kingdom , because all of those who were healed in the New Testament subsequently became sick and died .
yet these signs in themselves emphasise the provisional nature of the kingdom , because all of those who were healed in the new testament [later] became sick and died .

This evolutionary model has subsequently been replaced by a relativistic one ; this maintains that ‘ an observer should be careful to evaluate a culture first in terms of its own values , goals , and focuses before venturing to compare it ( either positively or negatively ) with any other culture ’ ( Kraft 1979:49 ) .
this evolutionary model has [later] been replaced by a relativistic one ; this maintains that ‘ an observer should be careful to evaluate a culture first in terms of its own values , goals , and focuses before venturing to compare it ( either positively or negatively ) with any other culture ’ ( kraft 1979:49 ) .

Moses is expressly commanded to count the people upon entering the Sinai wilderness to ensure that they can subsequently be accounted for .
moses is expressly commanded to count the people upon entering the sinai wilderness to ensure that they can [later] be accounted for .

He subsequently consented to explain his action to the Appeal Court , where three judges presided .
he [later] consented to explain his action to the appeal court , where three judges presided .

Over a number of days , eleven men belonging to a gang were arrested who subsequently were convicted of nineteen horrific murders .
over a number of days , eleven men belonging to a gang were arrested who [later] were convicted of nineteen horrific murders .

His success in London was immediate , and it is to the history and development of English painting that he subsequently belongs .
his success in london was immediate , and it is to the history and development of english painting that he [later] belongs .

The party was not the product of a distinct working-class movement informed by a corpus of political theory , but emerged as a pragmatic response to new challenges , and subsequently developed through political expedience .
the party was not the product of a distinct working-class movement informed by a corpus of political theory , but emerged as a pragmatic response to new challenges , and [later] developed through political expedience .

Given these conditions it was virtually inevitable that nascent labourism would be inflected and conditioned by bourgeois thought , and subsequently remain impervious , even hostile , to other traditions , most notably Marxism .
given these conditions it was virtually inevitable that nascent labourism would be inflected and conditioned by bourgeois thought , and [later] remain impervious , even hostile , to other traditions , most notably marxism .

It was within this sphere that militant challenges to labourism arose and were subsequently dismantled .
it was within this sphere that militant challenges to labourism arose and were [later] dismantled .

The attendant promotion of civic identity secured the alliance around a complex discourse articulating notions of localism , utilitarianism , paternalism and individualism into a unified whole that came subsequently to lead working-class opinion when it mounted its most concerted opposition .
the attendant promotion of civic identity secured the alliance around a complex discourse articulating notions of localism , utilitarianism , paternalism and individualism into a unified whole that came [later] to lead working-class opinion when it mounted its most concerted opposition .

The South West Ham branch subsequently decided to affiliate to the Central Labour Party in West Ham ‘ to work amicably in the coming election ’ ( ibid. 10 August 19 ) . This new mood of reconciliation was prompted by a recognition that Labour had an unprecedented opportunity to recover from damage inflicted by divisions during the war and strengthen its position in the struggle against socialist currents :
the south west ham branch [later] decided to affiliate to the central labour party in west ham ‘ to work amicably in the coming election ’ ( ibid. 10 august 19 ) . this new mood of reconciliation was prompted by a recognition that labour had an unprecedented opportunity to recover from damage inflicted by divisions during the war and strengthen its position in the struggle against socialist currents :

Clarence , by some curious quirk of fate that again linked the Mowbrays with the royal family , had been arrested on the day following Anne 's wedding and subsequently judicially executed .
clarence , by some curious quirk of fate that again linked the mowbrays with the royal family , had been arrested on the day following anne 's wedding and [later] judicially executed .

Internationally the Bolshevik revolution and the development of the Soviet system split Marxism into two distinct movements , subsequently reunited only briefly by transient ‘ popular fronts ’ .
internationally the bolshevik revolution and the development of the soviet system split marxism into two distinct movements , [later] reunited only briefly by transient ‘ popular fronts ’ .

If he refuses to admit subsequently that on one of these occasions his moral judgement was mistaken , he is certainly contradicting himself and thus being irrational .
if he refuses to admit [later] that on one of these occasions his moral judgement was mistaken , he is certainly contradicting himself and thus being irrational .

In the 1970s Abrams and colleagues carried out the ‘ Street studies ’ of neighbouring and subsequently reviewed neighbourhood care schemes .
in the 1970s abrams and colleagues carried out the ‘ street studies ’ of neighbouring and [later] reviewed neighbourhood care schemes .

Thirty-one had been discharged by 1983 but with six of these patients having been transferred to a general hospital for physical illness and having subsequently died .
thirty-one had been discharged by 1983 but with six of these patients having been transferred to a general hospital for physical illness and having [later] died .

Previously there had always been at least the possibility that it might be wound up after its current voyages were complete but under Cromwell the traders reorganized its joint-stock system so that , while individual owners might sell their shares , the Company was designed to go on trading forever ; and almost all companies founded subsequently were organized in the same way .
previously there had always been at least the possibility that it might be wound up after its current voyages were complete but under cromwell the traders reorganized its joint-stock system so that , while individual owners might sell their shares , the company was designed to go on trading forever ; and almost all companies founded [later] were organized in the same way .

Connections which appear subsequently to have been falsely conceived are rarely abrogated , but are usually just conveniently forgotten .
connections which appear [later] to have been falsely conceived are rarely abrogated , but are usually just conveniently forgotten .

With the assistance of Archbishop Romero — who was subsequently assassinated — she found her son , who was tried and sentenced to 30 years in prison .
with the assistance of archbishop romero — who was [later] assassinated — she found her son , who was tried and sentenced to 30 years in prison .

It had been thoroughly stripped by British Railways , and subsequently , vandalised so that by 1971 there were no doors , windows or roof glass left unbroken .
it had been thoroughly stripped by british railways , and [later] , vandalised so that by 1971 there were no doors , windows or roof glass left unbroken .

It began with the rebuilding of the former Foulridge station building onto the site ; the ‘ new ’ building subsequently won the Best Preserved Station Award from Ian Allan .
it began with the rebuilding of the former foulridge station building onto the site ; the ‘ new ’ building [later] won the best preserved station award from ian allan .

Subsequently it will be necessary to review the nature of the support regularly , since co-operation between professional and ancillaries in terms of provision of materials and the need for individual help in some curriculum areas will need to be continuous .
[later] it will be necessary to review the nature of the support regularly , since co-operation between professional and ancillaries in terms of provision of materials and the need for individual help in some curriculum areas will need to be continuous .

Among these was Hamid Bendourou , who is reported to have died subsequently .
among these was hamid bendourou , who is reported to have died [later] .

He became active in the independence struggle of his native Nyasaland ( later Malawi ) and subsequently formed the Nyasaland African Congress .
he became active in the independence struggle of his native nyasaland ( later malawi ) and [later] formed the nyasaland african congress .

However , on several other occasions the Kuwaiti authorities have denied holding individuals who were subsequently found to have been in incommunicado detention .
however , on several other occasions the kuwaiti authorities have denied holding individuals who were [later] found to have been in incommunicado detention .

You can not expect them to be house-trained and , indeed , this can subsequently prove a far more arduous task than normal .
you can not expect them to be house-trained and , indeed , this can [later] prove a far more arduous task than normal .

Once it realizes that going to the vet is not always an unpleasant experience , then its fear of this situation should be significantly reduced , and subsequently it should be easier for the dog to be examined without difficulty .
once it realizes that going to the vet is not always an unpleasant experience , then its fear of this situation should be significantly reduced , and [later] it should be easier for the dog to be examined without difficulty .

Kyle of Lochalsh is the next port of call , and the way to it from Plockton returns to the T-junction at Duirinish , turns along its main street and skirts the next village of Drumbuie , scene of a great hullabaloo two decades ago when a proposal to construct an oilrig installation off-shore was repulsed by spirited opposition , a home subsequently being found for it on an uninhabited shore of Loch Kishorn .
kyle of lochalsh is the next port of call , and the way to it from plockton returns to the t-junction at duirinish , turns along its main street and skirts the next village of drumbuie , scene of a great hullabaloo two decades ago when a proposal to construct an oilrig installation off-shore was repulsed by spirited opposition , a home [later] being found for it on an uninhabited shore of loch kishorn .

Fresh molten amber must be added subsequently to the shaved toes to replenish what was taken — unless , unless the amber grew of its own accord like veritable flesh due to the miraculous proximity of those bones .
fresh molten amber must be added [later] to the shaved toes to replenish what was taken — unless , unless the amber grew of its own accord like veritable flesh due to the miraculous proximity of those bones .

Each ball commemorated the initiation of a group of ex-cadets , throughout the aeons — each being a nugget of the liquid amber and blood drunk from Rogal Dorn 's own chalice by the Reclusiarch of whichever epoch , and defecated by him subsequently in this shape .
each ball commemorated the initiation of a group of ex-cadets , throughout the aeons — each being a nugget of the liquid amber and blood drunk from rogal dorn 's own chalice by the reclusiarch of whichever epoch , and defecated by him [later] in this shape .

Subsequently , guests enjoyed a ride behind ‘ The Green Knight ’ before detraining at Cranmore West for a guided visit to the workshops headed by David Shepherd .
[later] , guests enjoyed a ride behind ‘ the green knight ’ before detraining at cranmore west for a guided visit to the workshops headed by david shepherd .

The people who actually make the advances in theoretical physics do n't think in the categories that the philosophers and historians of science subsequently invent for them .
the people who actually make the advances in theoretical physics do n't think in the categories that the philosophers and historians of science [later] invent for them .

Sets of boundary conditions that tell us the state of some regions of the universe at a certain time and what effects propagate into it subsequently from the rest of the universe .
sets of boundary conditions that tell us the state of some regions of the universe at a certain time and what effects propagate into it [later] from the rest of the universe .

Many labour-only subcontractors have grasped the opportunity to expand initially to a labour and material sub-contractor and subsequently to a general contractor .
many labour-only subcontractors have grasped the opportunity to expand initially to a labour and material sub-contractor and [later] to a general contractor .

The builder will subsequently be instructed by the architect to place an order with the firm selected and enter into a formal sub-contract agreement .
the builder will [later] be instructed by the architect to place an order with the firm selected and enter into a formal sub-contract agreement .

Each sub-contractor holding a certificate will subsequently be assessed for tax and pay the Inland Revenue direct .
each sub-contractor holding a certificate will [later] be assessed for tax and pay the inland revenue direct .

The agent subsequently contacted us to advise that the company 's was the highest bid and asked if we would be prepared to proceed at that figure .
the agent [later] contacted us to advise that the company 's was the highest bid and asked if we would be prepared to proceed at that figure .

Initially this could be on the basis of individual projects or overhead accounts and subsequently in as much detail as management consider necessary .
initially this could be on the basis of individual projects or overhead accounts and [later] in as much detail as management consider necessary .

His body now exudes this pink gook which he subsequently bottles and gives to the Agent together with a bunch of other toiletries .
his body now exudes this pink gook which he [later] bottles and gives to the agent together with a bunch of other toiletries .

Government sources subsequently acknowledged that up to 3,000 people had been involved in the demonstrations , and that 200 had been injured ; unofficial sources suggested that as many as 280 students had lost their lives , together with twenty-nine policemen and soldiers .
government sources [later] acknowledged that up to 3,000 people had been involved in the demonstrations , and that 200 had been injured ; unofficial sources suggested that as many as 280 students had lost their lives , together with twenty-nine policemen and soldiers .

The Soviet negotiators arrived , as Gorbachev claimed subsequently , with a package of arms reduction proposals that would if accepted have marked a ‘ new era in the history of humanity ’ .
the soviet negotiators arrived , as gorbachev claimed [later] , with a package of arms reduction proposals that would if accepted have marked a ‘ new era in the history of humanity ’ .

Karmal was subsequently replaced as party leader and president by Najibullah , but there was little progress in establishing the broadly-based ‘ government of national reconciliation ’ which was his declared objective .
karmal was [later] replaced as party leader and president by najibullah , but there was little progress in establishing the broadly-based ‘ government of national reconciliation ’ which was his declared objective .

The party 's considered response to these and other discussions was a draft Programme , ‘ Socialism , Democracy , Progress ’ , which was approved by a Central Committee plenum in July 1991 and subsequently published for discussion .
the party 's considered response to these and other discussions was a draft programme , ‘ socialism , democracy , progress ’ , which was approved by a central committee plenum in july 1991 and [later] published for discussion .

There are just two firms which will bid , though the minerals extracted will subsequently be sold on a competitive world market .
there are just two firms which will bid , though the minerals extracted will [later] be sold on a competitive world market .

In later sections , the major theoretical contributions aimed at understanding vertical linkages will be outlined , and subsequently policy implications will be drawn from them .
in later sections , the major theoretical contributions aimed at understanding vertical linkages will be outlined , and [later] policy implications will be drawn from them .

If you cross out some words and subsequently wish to restore them , the accepted way of doing it is to put dots underneath the words so deleted and to write ‘ stet ’ in the margin .
if you cross out some words and [later] wish to restore them , the accepted way of doing it is to put dots underneath the words so deleted and to write ‘ stet ’ in the margin .

This is published in parts which are subsequently bound into a volume for the year .
this is published in parts which are [later] bound into a volume for the year .

Crystal and Davy ( 1969 ) are happy to tape-record colleagues , friends and family surreptitiously , requesting permission only subsequently to use the material .
crystal and davy ( 1969 ) are happy to tape-record colleagues , friends and family surreptitiously , requesting permission only [later] to use the material .

First , the contractual relationship between the shipper-consignor and the carrier issuer of the bill controlled subsequently acquired rights .
first , the contractual relationship between the shipper-consignor and the carrier issuer of the bill controlled [later] acquired rights .

If the receipt message is acceptable , the holder may subsequently update it by requesting , for example , that the date and place of shipment be inserted in the message as soon as the goods have been loaded on board .
if the receipt message is acceptable , the holder may [later] update it by requesting , for example , that the date and place of shipment be inserted in the message as soon as the goods have been loaded on board .

The idea was subsequently revived by Neil Kinnock after the 1987 election in modified form which allowed local union branches to retain a voice in the selection process .
the idea was [later] revived by neil kinnock after the 1987 election in modified form which allowed local union branches to retain a voice in the selection process .

The Court of Appeal subsequently upheld convictions in the case , saying that although the remarks ‘ raised the appearance of bias ’ , and were ‘ doubly deplorable ’ as involving a respected ethnic minority , they could not have affected the outcome of the trial .
the court of appeal [later] upheld convictions in the case , saying that although the remarks ‘ raised the appearance of bias ’ , and were ‘ doubly deplorable ’ as involving a respected ethnic minority , they could not have affected the outcome of the trial .

Subsequently , the Government inserted a clause of their own which went some way to meet Lord Scarman 's amendment .
[later] , the government inserted a clause of their own which went some way to meet lord scarman 's amendment .

But the court subsequently found two specific breaches involving officers of the union and held the union guilty of contempt .
but the court [later] found two specific breaches involving officers of the union and held the union guilty of contempt .

Over 90 per cent will subsequently obtain a home of their own in either the owner-occupied or local authority sectors ( Murphy and Sullivan , 1985 ) .
over 90 per cent will [later] obtain a home of their own in either the owner-occupied or local authority sectors ( murphy and sullivan , 1985 ) .

In 1971–76 their overall growth rate was already considerably in excess of that for the rest of Britain , but subsequently the gap has widened , particularly since 1981 .
in 1971–76 their overall growth rate was already considerably in excess of that for the rest of britain , but [later] the gap has widened , particularly since 1981 .

Taking data on all full-time manual workers , figure 10.2 shows that the ratio of women 's hourly pay to men 's suddenly rose in the mid-1970s from the level it seems to have previously held over recorded history , 60 per cent , to over 70 per cent in 1977 , a level more or less maintained subsequently .
taking data on all full-time manual workers , figure 10.2 shows that the ratio of women 's hourly pay to men 's suddenly rose in the mid-1970s from the level it seems to have previously held over recorded history , 60 per cent , to over 70 per cent in 1977 , a level more or less maintained [later] .

In this case much of the work shown was subsequently ( and through this emphasis ) identified as an autonomous stylistic movement in art , and of course this was often likely to be the case .
in this case much of the work shown was [later] ( and through this emphasis ) identified as an autonomous stylistic movement in art , and of course this was often likely to be the case .

In conference with Gerald Gardiner , subsequently Lord Chancellor , who had somewhat late in the day raised his flag as a member of the Labour Party , it was decided that the best course of action was for the Labour Party to be asked to be represented by Gardiner at the Vassall Tribunal and to inform Radcliffe that it had no additional witness to come to him .
in conference with gerald gardiner , [later] lord chancellor , who had somewhat late in the day raised his flag as a member of the labour party , it was decided that the best course of action was for the labour party to be asked to be represented by gardiner at the vassall tribunal and to inform radcliffe that it had no additional witness to come to him .

Alienism obstructs the progress of deaf people aiming to become professionals in education , because it is subsequently translated into policy .
alienism obstructs the progress of deaf people aiming to become professionals in education , because it is [later] translated into policy .

This reflects how expectations formed very early in the disability career can subsequently influence perceptions of the possible implications of ageing 20 , 30 or more years later .
this reflects how expectations formed very early in the disability career can [later] influence perceptions of the possible implications of ageing 20 , 30 or more years later .

Political studies did not originate in law faculties , as in continental Europe , and never subsequently developed any real interest in law .
political studies did not originate in law faculties , as in continental europe , and never [later] developed any real interest in law .

An interesting development has been the emergence of national hymnals , such as The Australian Hymn Book in 1977 ( subsequently published elsewhere as With One Voice ) .
an interesting development has been the emergence of national hymnals , such as the australian hymn book in 1977 ( [later] published elsewhere as with one voice ) .

French policy sought to create a substitute for independence by designating the protectorates of former French Indo-China , and subsequently Cochin China , as associated states within the French Union .
french policy sought to create a substitute for independence by designating the protectorates of former french indo-china , and [later] cochin china , as associated states within the french union .

If they do not have such a grounding , it will be difficult for them to pursue more advanced studies subsequently , especially in ‘ vertebrate ’ subjects such as mathematics and science ; also , a merely partial or incomplete exposure to such forms of knowledge sells them short in terms of human thought , indeed of the very concept of mind .
if they do not have such a grounding , it will be difficult for them to pursue more advanced studies [later] , especially in ‘ vertebrate ’ subjects such as mathematics and science ; also , a merely partial or incomplete exposure to such forms of knowledge sells them short in terms of human thought , indeed of the very concept of mind .

As the language system is the focus of our study here , we start with the idea of the linguistic variable ( for example the vowel /a/ in such items as cat , bad , have ) , and our first task is to discover what the possible variants of a variable may be : subsequently , the quantitative distribution of linguistic variants may be demonstrated by reference to the familiar speaker-variables of social dialectology , such as age and sex of speaker .
as the language system is the focus of our study here , we start with the idea of the linguistic variable ( for example the vowel /a/ in such items as cat , bad , have ) , and our first task is to discover what the possible variants of a variable may be : [later] , the quantitative distribution of linguistic variants may be demonstrated by reference to the familiar speaker-variables of social dialectology , such as age and sex of speaker .

Otherwise , the figures on present-day variations strongly suggest that since then it is nasal environments that have subsequently led the change , closely followed by fricative and voiced stop environments .
otherwise , the figures on present-day variations strongly suggest that since then it is nasal environments that have [later] led the change , closely followed by fricative and voiced stop environments .

Subsequently the organization centralized the management of the change effort and instituted information linkages among the parts .
[later] the organization centralized the management of the change effort and instituted information linkages among the parts .

Modernist organizations may be thought of in terms of Weber 's typification of bureaucratized , mechanistic structures of control , as these were subsequently erected upon a fully rationalized base of divided and deskilled labour .
modernist organizations may be thought of in terms of weber 's typification of bureaucratized , mechanistic structures of control , as these were [later] erected upon a fully rationalized base of divided and deskilled labour .

that he or she is or has been a director of a company which has at any time become insolvent ( whether while he or she was a director or subsequently ) ; and
that he or she is or has been a director of a company which has at any time become insolvent ( whether while he or she was a director or [later] ) ; and

It is more that industry opens up and exploits certain areas ( or rather the people of those areas ) , subsequently — when it runs into the costs of such development or encounters resistance — to abandon them to unemployment and decay .
it is more that industry opens up and exploits certain areas ( or rather the people of those areas ) , [later] — when it runs into the costs of such development or encounters resistance — to abandon them to unemployment and decay .

That is to say , characteristics of places , which give rise to the equilibrating tendencies of neo-classical theory or the reinforcing tendencies of cumulative causation , or which propel capital 's restless search for profit described by Marxism , are characteristics produced by society itself ; indeed they are products of the very industrial system which subsequently reacts to them .
that is to say , characteristics of places , which give rise to the equilibrating tendencies of neo-classical theory or the reinforcing tendencies of cumulative causation , or which propel capital 's restless search for profit described by marxism , are characteristics produced by society itself ; indeed they are products of the very industrial system which [later] reacts to them .

Subsequently , with the cuts in public expenditure , there has been a decline in the overall growth of public service jobs .
[later] , with the cuts in public expenditure , there has been a decline in the overall growth of public service jobs .

The results of these activities are subsequently evaluated by the legislative body in order to determine whether objectives have been met .
the results of these activities are [later] evaluated by the legislative body in order to determine whether objectives have been met .

Employees require information to determine whether , in the first place , to work for a public sector agency and subsequently to determine when to press for salary increases or an enhancement of conditions of employment .
employees require information to determine whether , in the first place , to work for a public sector agency and [later] to determine when to press for salary increases or an enhancement of conditions of employment .

Broad objectives are set out in enabling legislation and are subsequently amplified as a result of statutory instrument ; ministerial directions ; discussions of the House of Commons Select Committees ; Committees of Enquiry ; consumer councils ; and so on .
broad objectives are set out in enabling legislation and are [later] amplified as a result of statutory instrument ; ministerial directions ; discussions of the house of commons select committees ; committees of enquiry ; consumer councils ; and so on .

He subsequently went to law school and became a patent attorney , where he noticed how difficult and expensive it was to make copies of documents .
he [later] went to law school and became a patent attorney , where he noticed how difficult and expensive it was to make copies of documents .

Indeed , some forms of regulatory rule-breaking are dealt with by a penal style of enforcement at the outset , and in other circumstances a compliance strategy will subsequently yield to a sanctioning approach if the struggle for conformity is lost .
indeed , some forms of regulatory rule-breaking are dealt with by a penal style of enforcement at the outset , and in other circumstances a compliance strategy will [later] yield to a sanctioning approach if the struggle for conformity is lost .

But the officer must maintain a certain flexibility and be able to deviate from usual practice where necessary , especially to avoid the risk that an administrative convention may be established which can subsequently be used by others with conflicting interests as a resource in their own negotiations .
but the officer must maintain a certain flexibility and be able to deviate from usual practice where necessary , especially to avoid the risk that an administrative convention may be established which can [later] be used by others with conflicting interests as a resource in their own negotiations .

And if the agency subsequently has to treat other similar dischargers equally , Blake is concerned about a cumulative deterioration in water quality .
and if the agency [later] has to treat other similar dischargers equally , blake is concerned about a cumulative deterioration in water quality .

But if repeated calls fail to produce an answer the officer may subsequently need to account for himself .
but if repeated calls fail to produce an answer the officer may [later] need to account for himself .

If a field officer who has taken a risk and opted to negotiate should subsequently have second thoughts , he may find his evidence has disappeared .
if a field officer who has taken a risk and opted to negotiate should [later] have second thoughts , he may find his evidence has disappeared .

An officer who neglects to take a statutory sample which hindsight shows was necessary will find that his omission is more visible to senior staff than his taking a formal sample which is subsequently used in a prosecution by the authority .
an officer who neglects to take a statutory sample which hindsight shows was necessary will find that his omission is more visible to senior staff than his taking a formal sample which is [later] used in a prosecution by the authority .

When cast in this reactive role an officer inevitably becomes the recipient of prior definitions made by onlooker , complainant , or discharger ( though he may , of course , subsequently redefine what has been reported ) .
when cast in this reactive role an officer inevitably becomes the recipient of prior definitions made by onlooker , complainant , or discharger ( though he may , of course , [later] redefine what has been reported ) .

Palmer had noticed that something was wrong with the water , even before taking the sample , and volunteered the opinion ( subsequently confirmed ) that cattle had been drinking in it upstream .
palmer had noticed that something was wrong with the water , even before taking the sample , and volunteered the opinion ( [later] confirmed ) that cattle had been drinking in it upstream .

If one were subsequently to receive a report that when the event occurred , the sun had set , one would be able to infer that it had taken place at exactly 12.00 midnight .
if one were [later] to receive a report that when the event occurred , the sun had set , one would be able to infer that it had taken place at exactly 12.00 midnight .

The lives of the great had been the main subject of their stories , in romance , in drama , and subsequently in the novel .
the lives of the great had been the main subject of their stories , in romance , in drama , and [later] in the novel .

Servants no longer slept within earshot of their masters , but were banished to garret or basement , and subsequently planted out in separate wings .
servants no longer slept within earshot of their masters , but were banished to garret or basement , and [later] planted out in separate wings .

The Taylor Report recommended a strong role for the governing board in keeping the school 's activities under review ; a position backed by the Education , Science and Arts Committee ( 1981 ) of the House of Commons , and as indicated subsequently incorporated into legislation .
the taylor report recommended a strong role for the governing board in keeping the school 's activities under review ; a position backed by the education , science and arts committee ( 1981 ) of the house of commons , and as indicated [later] incorporated into legislation .

Subsequently each was interviewed by the headteacher .
[later] each was interviewed by the headteacher .

teachers in ‘ feeder ’ middle schools were invited to read the study and two schools subsequently redesigned their humanities course to provide continuity with the curriculum at Sir Frank Markham ;
teachers in ‘ feeder ’ middle schools were invited to read the study and two schools [later] redesigned their humanities course to provide continuity with the curriculum at sir frank markham ;

It became subsequently a very celebrated and gallant defeat indeed , as the subject-matter of the great Anglo-Norman epic of the Chanson de Roland , composed at least 300 years after the event .
it became [later] a very celebrated and gallant defeat indeed , as the subject-matter of the great anglo-norman epic of the chanson de roland , composed at least 300 years after the event .

The religious community that subsequently formed here was at its apogee in the twelfth century , when the present church was begun .
the religious community that [later] formed here was at its apogee in the twelfth century , when the present church was begun .

The position will subsequently be unchanged from what it is now before the introduction of this legislation .
the position will [later] be unchanged from what it is now before the introduction of this legislation .

And it was sectional organisations such as these which best survived the vicissitudes of the next twenty years , though Wilson 's own creation was bankrupt by 1894 and was only subsequently revived with difficulty .
and it was sectional organisations such as these which best survived the vicissitudes of the next twenty years , though wilson 's own creation was bankrupt by 1894 and was only [later] revived with difficulty .

In this case the sequence of events is fully documented in a series of fifty letters between the parties which were subsequently published .
in this case the sequence of events is fully documented in a series of fifty letters between the parties which were [later] published .

It has frequently been argued that temporary jobs , although possibly less desirable than permanent jobs , do provide a form of work for otherwise unemployed people and , furthermore , one that enhances their chances of subsequently obtaining permanent jobs ( Syrett , 1985 ) .
it has frequently been argued that temporary jobs , although possibly less desirable than permanent jobs , do provide a form of work for otherwise unemployed people and , furthermore , one that enhances their chances of [later] obtaining permanent jobs ( syrett , 1985 ) .

All associations and relationships declared in one space can thus be subsequently tested in another related space right up to the reference domain .
all associations and relationships declared in one space can thus be [later] tested in another related space right up to the reference domain .

The two parts have subsequently been re-assembled in an exploded relationship ( shown in Figure 6.24 ) .
the two parts have [later] been re-assembled in an exploded relationship ( shown in figure 6.24 ) .

These adults subsequently lay eggs which follow the same cycle .
these adults [later] lay eggs which follow the same cycle .

However much controversy may have arisen subsequently over the presence in each of these formations of emigres , by far the most obvious group of non-Soviet nationals involved were these Germans .
however much controversy may have arisen [later] over the presence in each of these formations of emigres , by far the most obvious group of non-soviet nationals involved were these germans .

The whole of the synthetic dyeing industry arose from this and subsequently completely replaced natural dyes .
the whole of the synthetic dyeing industry arose from this and [later] completely replaced natural dyes .

later than the word in the left field it was subsequently concluded that temporal factors were not importantly involved ( McKeever and Huling , 1971 b ) .
later than the word in the left field it was [later] concluded that temporal factors were not importantly involved ( mckeever and huling , 1971 b ) .

The left hemifield advantage reported by Kimura ( 1966 ) for the enumeration of dots was subsequently extended to include localisation of a single dot presented in any one of 25 different spatial positions ( see also Bryden , 1976 ) .
the left hemifield advantage reported by kimura ( 1966 ) for the enumeration of dots was [later] extended to include localisation of a single dot presented in any one of 25 different spatial positions ( see also bryden , 1976 ) .

Subsequently Shankweiler ( 1966 ) found right temporal lobectomised patients to be inferior to left temporal patients on a dichotic melodies test .
[later] shankweiler ( 1966 ) found right temporal lobectomised patients to be inferior to left temporal patients on a dichotic melodies test .

He subsequently found ( Gordon , 1978a ) that these two features show different laterality patterns , pitch yielding no ear difference and rhythm an advantage for the right ear .
he [later] found ( gordon , 1978a ) that these two features show different laterality patterns , pitch yielding no ear difference and rhythm an advantage for the right ear .

The simple task devised by Kinsbourne and Cook ( 1971 ) was subsequently taken up and modified by other investigations .
the simple task devised by kinsbourne and cook ( 1971 ) was [later] taken up and modified by other investigations .

Similar results were reported by Bowers , Neilman , Satz and Altman ( 1978 ) who observed a bilateral but asymmetrical impairment on finger tapping when subjects merely had to listen to a story knowing that they would subsequently be asked to recall its contents .
similar results were reported by bowers , neilman , satz and altman ( 1978 ) who observed a bilateral but asymmetrical impairment on finger tapping when subjects merely had to listen to a story knowing that they would [later] be asked to recall its contents .

Subsequently Wernicke ( 1874 ) drew attention to defects in the comprehension of language following damage to the posterior third of the superior temporal gyrus on the left side , now referred to as Wernicke 's area .
[later] wernicke ( 1874 ) drew attention to defects in the comprehension of language following damage to the posterior third of the superior temporal gyrus on the left side , now referred to as wernicke 's area .

It has the effect of temporarily depressing the functions of the cortex , initially of the hemisphere on the side of the injection and subsequently of the opposite hemisphere .
it has the effect of temporarily depressing the functions of the cortex , initially of the hemisphere on the side of the injection and [later] of the opposite hemisphere .

Subsequently McAdam and Whitaker ( 1971 ) demonstrated that prior to the production of various test words summed negative wave potentials were of greater magnitude over the left than the right hemisphere .
[later] mcadam and whitaker ( 1971 ) demonstrated that prior to the production of various test words summed negative wave potentials were of greater magnitude over the left than the right hemisphere .

One line of evidence connecting manual activity and symbolic language processes concerns cases of `` signing aphasia `` in the deaf This refers to the deficit shown by those individuals who have learned to use their hands to communicate in sign language and subsequently sustain brain damage which impairs this ability .
one line of evidence connecting manual activity and symbolic language processes concerns cases of `` signing aphasia `` in the deaf this refers to the deficit shown by those individuals who have learned to use their hands to communicate in sign language and [later] sustain brain damage which impairs this ability .

It is possible that the subject retained a single letter in the form of a visual representation of the acoustic stimulus and that he subsequently matched this representation against the visually presented probe stimulus .
it is possible that the subject retained a single letter in the form of a visual representation of the acoustic stimulus and that he [later] matched this representation against the visually presented probe stimulus .

You can talk about it to a close friend , though , which very often helps to ease the situation and subsequently make yourself better .
you can talk about it to a close friend , though , which very often helps to ease the situation and [later] make yourself better .

The dog-whelk then inserts its proboscis and secretes digestive enzymes into the body , subsequently sucking up a rich `` soup `` .
the dog-whelk then inserts its proboscis and secretes digestive enzymes into the body , [later] sucking up a rich `` soup `` .

In southwestern Britain , Cowe11 and Crothers ( 1970 ) showed that the proportion of adult shells within an enclave that showed obvious signs of surviving a stoppage in growth ( y ) was related to exposure ( x ) on Ballantine 's ( 1961 ) scale by : ( 1895 ) and , subsequently , by numerous other writers on both sides of the Atlantic .
in southwestern britain , cowe11 and crothers ( 1970 ) showed that the proportion of adult shells within an enclave that showed obvious signs of surviving a stoppage in growth ( y ) was related to exposure ( x ) on ballantine 's ( 1961 ) scale by : ( 1895 ) and , [later] , by numerous other writers on both sides of the atlantic .

Nucella , as we have seen , is a genus of temporate intertidal thaids , feeding for preference on barnacles and mussels ( which they attack by boring a hole through the shell of their victim and subsequently inserting their proboscis through the same hole in order to feed ) , and lacking a planktonic phase in their life cycle .
nucella , as we have seen , is a genus of temporate intertidal thaids , feeding for preference on barnacles and mussels ( which they attack by boring a hole through the shell of their victim and [later] inserting their proboscis through the same hole in order to feed ) , and lacking a planktonic phase in their life cycle .

Herring Gulls and Eiders swallow dog-whelks whole and subsequently eject the shells ( still entire ) with their pellets or faeces .
herring gulls and eiders swallow dog-whelks whole and [later] eject the shells ( still entire ) with their pellets or faeces .

As Cathy was several months pregnant by this time , she subsequently had her daughter , who is now two years old .
as cathy was several months pregnant by this time , she [later] had her daughter , who is now two years old .

Kate 's social worker organised nursery places for her two small children while she did her A-levels , and she has subsequently gone to a university where she can get creche facilities .
kate 's social worker organised nursery places for her two small children while she did her a-levels , and she has [later] gone to a university where she can get creche facilities .

Subsequently a small fort would be constructed , a garrison would be placed there to collect yasak and to protect the private traders .
[later] a small fort would be constructed , a garrison would be placed there to collect yasak and to protect the private traders .

The Russians came among the Siberian peoples in the late sixteenth century from two directions , which subsequently became established as the main regular routes .
the russians came among the siberian peoples in the late sixteenth century from two directions , which [later] became established as the main regular routes .

As we have seen in earlier articles , these conditions can all be avoided , at pool construction stage and , subsequently , by exercising common sense .
as we have seen in earlier articles , these conditions can all be avoided , at pool construction stage and , [later] , by exercising common sense .

For Scott the design of the film rather than its storyline was the real statement and he refused to philosophize about its meaning at the time of Blade Runner 's release , and quick demise ( it was subsequently resurrected as a cult movie and video hit ) .
for scott the design of the film rather than its storyline was the real statement and he refused to philosophize about its meaning at the time of blade runner 's release , and quick demise ( it was [later] resurrected as a cult movie and video hit ) .

In that case , Lord Reid , obiter , gave as an example justifying the assertion by the House of total jurisdiction a situation where the Court of Appeal had resolved the point of law subsequently certified for the House but had left outstanding other issues which might result in acquittal :
in that case , lord reid , obiter , gave as an example justifying the assertion by the house of total jurisdiction a situation where the court of appeal had resolved the point of law [later] certified for the house but had left outstanding other issues which might result in acquittal :

Compensation order — offender claiming to have means from which compensation can be paid — means subsequently shown not to exist — whether ground for quashing compensation order
compensation order — offender claiming to have means from which compensation can be paid — means [later] shown not to exist — whether ground for quashing compensation order

She subsequently derived much revenue from exporting goods from her hinterland to Carthage .
she [later] derived much revenue from exporting goods from her hinterland to carthage .

While the Act was being debated there was apparently a thinning of numbers , and subsequently some employers may have offered only limited-period or part-time employment to prevent employees from achieving the crucial ‘ qualifying worker ’ status .
while the act was being debated there was apparently a thinning of numbers , and [later] some employers may have offered only limited-period or part-time employment to prevent employees from achieving the crucial ‘ qualifying worker ’ status .

Subsequently , revivals reinvest in meanings closer to the originals but inevitably transformed by the effects of the intervening struggles over the ownership of rock ' n ' roll and of its meanings .
[later] , revivals reinvest in meanings closer to the originals but inevitably transformed by the effects of the intervening struggles over the ownership of rock ' n ' roll and of its meanings .

Subsequently a more sophisticated interpretation historicized this account , describing what happened to popular music in the late 1950s and early 1960s in terms of the incorporation or co-option of rock ' n ' roll into the repertoire of the hegemonic bloc .
[later] a more sophisticated interpretation historicized this account , describing what happened to popular music in the late 1950s and early 1960s in terms of the incorporation or co-option of rock ' n ' roll into the repertoire of the hegemonic bloc .

Adorno 's view made some sense in 1930 or 1940 , then ; but subsequently , when semi-stasis gives way to more obvious conflicts , its flaws show through .
adorno 's view made some sense in 1930 or 1940 , then ; but [later] , when semi-stasis gives way to more obvious conflicts , its flaws show through .

If this analysis is correct , then although many ‘ working class ’ people continued to think of the Labour Party as ‘ their ’ party in some vague sense , it was actually losing contact with their day-to-day political concerns and subsequently losing active working class support at a local level .
if this analysis is correct , then although many ‘ working class ’ people continued to think of the labour party as ‘ their ’ party in some vague sense , it was actually losing contact with their day-to-day political concerns and [later] losing active working class support at a local level .

Its status was even higher when it was carried to West Africa by Portuguese traders in 1522 and subsequently by Dutch and French ships .
its status was even higher when it was carried to west africa by portuguese traders in 1522 and [later] by dutch and french ships .

Although in 1905–6 the government had in principle conceded the right to form trade unions and to strike ( for defensive purposes only ) , it subsequently put a host of obstacles in the way of effective collective bargaining .
although in 1905–6 the government had in principle conceded the right to form trade unions and to strike ( for defensive purposes only ) , it [later] put a host of obstacles in the way of effective collective bargaining .

Jacqueline will subsequently deny knowing that Christopher had been killed , though she and Tommy spent that Monday night alone at Christopher 's flat .
jacqueline will [later] deny knowing that christopher had been killed , though she and tommy spent that monday night alone at christopher 's flat .

Subsequently — just to select some of the outstanding incidents — there were major riots at Hull in 1976 , Gartree in 1979 and Albany in 1993 .
[later] — just to select some of the outstanding incidents — there were major riots at hull in 1976 , gartree in 1979 and albany in 1993 .

However , reform subsequently became discredited , partly as a result of research results which suggested that penal measures intended to reform offenders were no more effective in preventing recidivism than were punitive measures .
however , reform [later] became discredited , partly as a result of research results which suggested that penal measures intended to reform offenders were no more effective in preventing recidivism than were punitive measures .

This forms part of their occupational culture and helps to explain the strongly negative values placed on imprisonment because of the damage it is known to inflict , not least on a person 's capacity to re-enter the community subsequently .
this forms part of their occupational culture and helps to explain the strongly negative values placed on imprisonment because of the damage it is known to inflict , not least on a person 's capacity to re-enter the community [later] .

Subsequently , other authors have used the terms ‘ backwardation ’ , ‘ contango ’ and ‘ normal backwardation ’ in ways other than as defined by Keynes , which has led to some confusion .
[later] , other authors have used the terms ‘ backwardation ’ , ‘ contango ’ and ‘ normal backwardation ’ in ways other than as defined by keynes , which has led to some confusion .

Sometimes he would even say that Tom had not only gone home but had subsequently died of cancer .
sometimes he would even say that tom had not only gone home but had [later] died of cancer .

And , ’ he warned , ‘ if you hide things and they are subsequently discovered , you lose credibility .
and , ’ he warned , ‘ if you hide things and they are [later] discovered , you lose credibility .

The Town and Country Planning Act of 1947 provided a grand design for this purpose , though one of limited success , which was subsequently dismantled by the Conservatives .
the town and country planning act of 1947 provided a grand design for this purpose , though one of limited success , which was [later] dismantled by the conservatives .

Subsequently , especially during the late 1960s after the mounting evidence of shortcomings in the basic provision , there was a contrasting tendency to blame the services and society for forcing people into intolerable situations .
[later] , especially during the late 1960s after the mounting evidence of shortcomings in the basic provision , there was a contrasting tendency to blame the services and society for forcing people into intolerable situations .

In fact , only a minority of the children were returned to their parents and in a large number of cases suspected abuse was subsequently confirmed .
in fact , only a minority of the children were returned to their parents and in a large number of cases suspected abuse was [later] confirmed .

Other highly critical reports were subsequently published following inquiries into conditions at what were then known as subnormality hospitals .
other highly critical reports were [later] published following inquiries into conditions at what were then known as subnormality hospitals .

Subsequently the central department can influence events by issuing circulars , guiding , instructing or exhorting the local authorities , and it can carry out inspections , exercise confirmatory and adjudicatory powers and so forth .
[later] the central department can influence events by issuing circulars , guiding , instructing or exhorting the local authorities , and it can carry out inspections , exercise confirmatory and adjudicatory powers and so forth .

Subsequently , the cancer cases were divided into three birth cohorts of approximately equal size , covering the periods 1863–1902 , 1903–17 , and 1918–87 ( fig 2 ) .
[later] , the cancer cases were divided into three birth cohorts of approximately equal size , covering the periods 1863–1902 , 1903–17 , and 1918–87 ( fig 2 ) .

From careful analysis of recorded associations between individual arterial pressures and oral contraceptive prescription and withdrawal , oral contraception seemed to be a probable sole cause in three in whom pressure fell permanently after stopping the tablets and a probable contributory cause for another three whose blood pressures fell on withdrawal but subsequently showed a sustained rise .
from careful analysis of recorded associations between individual arterial pressures and oral contraceptive prescription and withdrawal , oral contraception seemed to be a probable sole cause in three in whom pressure fell permanently after stopping the tablets and a probable contributory cause for another three whose blood pressures fell on withdrawal but [later] showed a sustained rise .

From 1986 , only employers with less than ten employees were eligible , but this exemption was subsequently abolished in 1990 .
from 1986 , only employers with less than ten employees were eligible , but this exemption was [later] abolished in 1990 .

In the post-war decades , the majority of women had married and subsequently left paid work to have children by the age of 30 ( see Rimmer , 1981 ) .
in the post-war decades , the majority of women had married and [later] left paid work to have children by the age of 30 ( see rimmer , 1981 ) .

Reactions were electrophoresed through a 10 % denaturing gel and the gel was subsequently dried and autoradiographed using standard procedures ( 12 ) .
reactions were electrophoresed through a 10 % denaturing gel and the gel was [later] dried and autoradiographed using standard procedures ( 12 ) .

Lancashire were subsequently fined £500 , not £700 , because of mitigating circumstances .
lancashire were [later] fined £500 , not £700 , because of mitigating circumstances .

In one post the English applicant was shortlisted and was subsequently withdrawn — after which the Asian applicant was shortlisted .
in one post the english applicant was shortlisted and was [later] withdrawn — after which the asian applicant was shortlisted .

The minimum list size was subsequently lowered to 9000 patients and has now been further reduced to 6000 .
the minimum list size was [later] lowered to 9000 patients and has now been further reduced to 6000 .

Victorian asylums were often built on the edge of towns and have subsequently been overtaken by urban development . Gartloch Asylum in 1899
victorian asylums were often built on the edge of towns and have [later] been overtaken by urban development . gartloch asylum in 1899

Many were built on the edge of towns or cities and have subsequently been overtaken by urban development .
many were built on the edge of towns or cities and have [later] been overtaken by urban development .

The notes were studied subsequently , or in cases of blood tests initiated by general practitioners these doctors were contacted for further information .
the notes were studied [later] , or in cases of blood tests initiated by general practitioners these doctors were contacted for further information .

Patients whose serum creatinine concentration did not subsequently fall below 500 µmol/l were defined as having chronic renal failure ; those in whom acute renal failure was part of any underlying terminal disease ( usually malignant ) were also excluded .
patients whose serum creatinine concentration did not [later] fall below 500 µmol/l were defined as having chronic renal failure ; those in whom acute renal failure was part of any underlying terminal disease ( usually malignant ) were also excluded .

Some patients who present with acute renal disease as an emergency to a renal unit , often with forms of rapidly progressive glomerulonephritis , do not subsequently recover renal function .
some patients who present with acute renal disease as an emergency to a renal unit , often with forms of rapidly progressive glomerulonephritis , do not [later] recover renal function .

It is unlikely that many had progressive chronic renal failure , as at two year follow up only one patient had subsequently deteriorated and needed long term dialysis .
it is unlikely that many had progressive chronic renal failure , as at two year follow up only one patient had [later] deteriorated and needed long term dialysis .

Insemination was defined as successful if the woman did not menstruate when expected and subsequently had a positive pregnancy test result .
insemination was defined as successful if the woman did not menstruate when expected and [later] had a positive pregnancy test result .

Of the 73 patients with recurrent events and a hospital recording which was either normal or not performed , 41 subsequently underwent home event recording .
of the 73 patients with recurrent events and a hospital recording which was either normal or not performed , 41 [later] underwent home event recording .

Of 77 patients with a diagnosis , two had disturbances in skin perfusion ( one other patient had this , but was subsequently found to have fabricated illness ) ; both had episodes of severe pallor and diagnosis led to reassurance for their parents .
of 77 patients with a diagnosis , two had disturbances in skin perfusion ( one other patient had this , but was [later] found to have fabricated illness ) ; both had episodes of severe pallor and diagnosis led to reassurance for their parents .

Subsequent events tended to recur at the time of intercurrent infections , at which time the flow rate of oxygen was increased ; none subsequently required cardiopulmonary resuscitation .
subsequent events tended to recur at the time of intercurrent infections , at which time the flow rate of oxygen was increased ; none [later] required cardiopulmonary resuscitation .

These organisms may then colonise the neonate during vaginal delivery , and if infection subsequently develops , establishing effective antibiotic treatment may be difficult .
these organisms may then colonise the neonate during vaginal delivery , and if infection [later] develops , establishing effective antibiotic treatment may be difficult .

Subsequently a further two cases of retinoblastoma linked to Seascale came to light .
[later] a further two cases of retinoblastoma linked to seascale came to light .

We subsequently undertook an additional study of the records of 450 call outs of London police surgeons and are now conducting research for the first comprehensive national study of police surgeons .
we [later] undertook an additional study of the records of 450 call outs of london police surgeons and are now conducting research for the first comprehensive national study of police surgeons .

Only a minority of police surgeons ' decisions subsequently receive in depth scrutiny and our work found no reason to doubt the quality of the service , but this shortcoming should be addressed .
only a minority of police surgeons ' decisions [later] receive in depth scrutiny and our work found no reason to doubt the quality of the service , but this shortcoming should be addressed .

The existential problems of isolation , uncertainty and disorientation that Nizan encounters initially in his family situation and subsequently in the French schooling system are ultimately resolved within the ranks of revolutionary political party .
the existential problems of isolation , uncertainty and disorientation that nizan encounters initially in his family situation and [later] in the french schooling system are ultimately resolved within the ranks of revolutionary political party .

However overinflated the Aden myth may subsequently have become , however difficult it might be to disentangle the truth of the episode from the fictionalised version purveyed through romanticised images of tortured adolescence , the exotic Mid-East , the rejection of Western culture , the Rimbaldian quest for personal salvation , and so on , one stark fact remains .
however overinflated the aden myth may [later] have become , however difficult it might be to disentangle the truth of the episode from the fictionalised version purveyed through romanticised images of tortured adolescence , the exotic mid-east , the rejection of western culture , the rimbaldian quest for personal salvation , and so on , one stark fact remains .

Initially elated by the electoral successes of the Popular Front in France and Spain , subsequently encouraged by the spirited defence of Republican Spain , and convinced at all times that the ultimate safeguard for international security was the presence of a strong revolutionary Soviet state , Nizan remained confident .
initially elated by the electoral successes of the popular front in france and spain , [later] encouraged by the spirited defence of republican spain , and convinced at all times that the ultimate safeguard for international security was the presence of a strong revolutionary soviet state , nizan remained confident .

Everything that he had written during the previous four years on the overriding need to oppose fascism , on the need to defend nation states through the creation of a Strong system of alliances based on collective security , and on the central role of the Soviet Union in promoting peace and stability , all was reduced to the level of absurdity by the Nazi-Soviet pact , the invasion of Poland and subsequently the war in Finland .
everything that he had written during the previous four years on the overriding need to oppose fascism , on the need to defend nation states through the creation of a strong system of alliances based on collective security , and on the central role of the soviet union in promoting peace and stability , all was reduced to the level of absurdity by the nazi-soviet pact , the invasion of poland and [later] the war in finland .

Initially vilified , lie was subsequently forgotten .
initially vilified , lie was [later] forgotten .

The answer is subsequently given by the communist narrator .
the answer is [later] given by the communist narrator .

Because we were specifically looking at the assessment of children who presented to hospital with vomiting and a possible diagnosis of pyloric stenosis we excluded children admitted for other conditions who subsequently developed symptoms in hospital that led to a diagnosis of pyloric stenosis .
because we were specifically looking at the assessment of children who presented to hospital with vomiting and a possible diagnosis of pyloric stenosis we excluded children admitted for other conditions who [later] developed symptoms in hospital that led to a diagnosis of pyloric stenosis .

Because of this the investigators subsequently carried out a larger trial ( in 86 babies ) , which did not confirm either the reduction in haemorrhage or the increase in mortality .
because of this the investigators [later] carried out a larger trial ( in 86 babies ) , which did not confirm either the reduction in haemorrhage or the increase in mortality .

Thus women with a high probability of developing such problems can be separated out for preventive therapy research programmes , in an effort to decrease the morbidity and mortality these women subsequently suffer .
thus women with a high probability of developing such problems can be separated out for preventive therapy research programmes , in an effort to decrease the morbidity and mortality these women [later] suffer .

In fact , it is fairly safe to assume that all proper names started their denotative careers as descriptions of one sort or another , although in many cases the link with the original descriptive content subsequently became severed or obscured .
in fact , it is fairly safe to assume that all proper names started their denotative careers as descriptions of one sort or another , although in many cases the link with the original descriptive content [later] became severed or obscured .

Thus an important contribution to the age weighting in the formula which uses age related utilisation at national average rates is due to the utilisation of very elderly people who subsequently die .
thus an important contribution to the age weighting in the formula which uses age related utilisation at national average rates is due to the utilisation of very elderly people who [later] die .

One concerned a black American man given 80 g ascorbic acid intravenously for burns ; he subsequently developed acute haemolysis and renal failure and died .
one concerned a black american man given 80 g ascorbic acid intravenously for burns ; he [later] developed acute haemolysis and renal failure and died .

Despite the fact that Aubrey 's topographical manuscript Monumenta Britannica was not published in his own lifetime ( although parts have been published subsequently ) , the manuscript greatly influenced William Stukeley ( 1687–1765 ) who carried out extensive fieldwork , particularly in southern England .
despite the fact that aubrey 's topographical manuscript monumenta britannica was not published in his own lifetime ( although parts have been published [later] ) , the manuscript greatly influenced william stukeley ( 1687–1765 ) who carried out extensive fieldwork , particularly in southern england .

Since the framework gave no hint of the long periods of time during which tool types were in use , sites that were originally considered to be contemporary were subsequently found to be separated by hundreds or thousands of years .
since the framework gave no hint of the long periods of time during which tool types were in use , sites that were originally considered to be contemporary were [later] found to be separated by hundreds or thousands of years .

For example , in the late 1970s there were widespread reports in the press and on television of attacks on and thefts from innocent people in the street , attacks which subsequently became known as ‘ muggings ’ .
for example , in the late 1970s there were widespread reports in the press and on television of attacks on and thefts from innocent people in the street , attacks which [later] became known as ‘ muggings ’ .

Unsatisfied with this development , Edward even began to claim his sede vacante rights retrospectively : thus a benefice which was empty when a new bishop was appointed and was subsequently filled in the normal way by him , was sometimes claimed by Edward to be unlawfully filled , the patronage belonging by regalian right to the crown , even though the king had not exercised this during the vacancy of the see .
unsatisfied with this development , edward even began to claim his sede vacante rights retrospectively : thus a benefice which was empty when a new bishop was appointed and was [later] filled in the normal way by him , was sometimes claimed by edward to be unlawfully filled , the patronage belonging by regalian right to the crown , even though the king had not exercised this during the vacancy of the see .

Armies also had to be fed , chiefly by purveyances ( or prises ) , that is to say by confiscating local crops and produce on the understanding that they would then or subsequently be paid for at a fair price , though often they were not .
armies also had to be fed , chiefly by purveyances ( or prises ) , that is to say by confiscating local crops and produce on the understanding that they would then or [later] be paid for at a fair price , though often they were not .

In England in 1226 it had been made clear to the king that he could not tax the clergy diocese by diocese ; such an attempt in that year had been frustrated by the request of the Salisbury cathedral chapter for consultation with the clergy of other sees ; the proctors of the cathedral and collegiate clergy subsequently attended a provincial council armed with instructions from their ‘ constituents ’ .
in england in 1226 it had been made clear to the king that he could not tax the clergy diocese by diocese ; such an attempt in that year had been frustrated by the request of the salisbury cathedral chapter for consultation with the clergy of other sees ; the proctors of the cathedral and collegiate clergy [later] attended a provincial council armed with instructions from their ‘ constituents ’ .

Various accusations , including that of treason , were thereupon levelled against Stratford and attempts were made to exclude him from the parliament which met subsequently .
various accusations , including that of treason , were thereupon levelled against stratford and attempts were made to exclude him from the parliament which met [later] .

They have subsequently been developed by other thinkers , but for clarity 's sake we shall treat them as a single body of thought .
they have [later] been developed by other thinkers , but for clarity 's sake we shall treat them as a single body of thought .

Once again we suggest that the deictic centre is located within the context of utterance by the speaker , but that the interpretation of the expression now as relating duratively or subsequently to the utterance , and the time-span involved , must be determined with respect to the content of the utterance .
once again we suggest that the deictic centre is located within the context of utterance by the speaker , but that the interpretation of the expression now as relating duratively or [later] to the utterance , and the time-span involved , must be determined with respect to the content of the utterance .

Peter Brachaki designed all the sets for the pilot episodes , but for health reasons was unavailable for the remount , and subsequently for the year-round production schedule .
peter brachaki designed all the sets for the pilot episodes , but for health reasons was unavailable for the remount , and [later] for the year-round production schedule .

The idea , as subsequently explained to Preston , who was naturally curious , was to test its effect on steel deck planks .
the idea , as [later] explained to preston , who was naturally curious , was to test its effect on steel deck planks .

The injunction was subsequently lifted by the court , effectively endorsing Branson 's appointment as director and leaving the way open for the Virgin Group directors to exercise full and unhindered control of the airline .
the injunction was [later] lifted by the court , effectively endorsing branson 's appointment as director and leaving the way open for the virgin group directors to exercise full and unhindered control of the airline .

Highland Express subsequently went into liquidation in December 1987 .
highland express [later] went into liquidation in december 1987 .

with the plaintiff , to whom she subsequently gave birth .
with the plaintiff , to whom she [later] gave birth .

He did not espouse a theory of contingent duties vesting subsequently to careless acts .
he did not espouse a theory of contingent duties vesting [later] to careless acts .

This statement was subsequently applied in Reg .
this statement was [later] applied in reg .

It was Mr. Newman 's submission that the matters to which regard should be had in the present case were ( 1 ) the lapse of time between the commission of the alleged offences and the request for extradition , and ( 2 ) the fact that the accusation against the applicant was contrary to the interests of justice , in that it would lead to the trial of the applicant in Sweden on the basis of the record of Price 's evidence , despite the fact that Price had subsequently retracted that evidence in this country in so far as it implicated the applicant .
it was mr. newman 's submission that the matters to which regard should be had in the present case were ( 1 ) the lapse of time between the commission of the alleged offences and the request for extradition , and ( 2 ) the fact that the accusation against the applicant was contrary to the interests of justice , in that it would lead to the trial of the applicant in sweden on the basis of the record of price 's evidence , despite the fact that price had [later] retracted that evidence in this country in so far as it implicated the applicant .

Subsequently , in the same year , 1990 , the mother brought the child to England for a visit .
[later] , in the same year , 1990 , the mother brought the child to england for a visit .

Therefore , it is said , each plaintiff , though subsequently born alive and still now surviving , can not sue .
therefore , it is said , each plaintiff , though [later] born alive and still now surviving , can not sue .

Subsequently the contemnor complained to the local authority that they had not served the committal order on him personally and had failed to comply with the instruction issued by the Clerk of the Rules , that ‘ in all cases the applicant 's solicitors are responsible for serving the committal order ’ and that in consequence the order should be set aside .
[later] the contemnor complained to the local authority that they had not served the committal order on him personally and had failed to comply with the instruction issued by the clerk of the rules , that ‘ in all cases the applicant 's solicitors are responsible for serving the committal order ’ and that in consequence the order should be set aside .

The transactions were subsequently held by the House of Lords to have been ultra vires .
the transactions were [later] held by the house of lords to have been ultra vires .

The building society advanced £15,000 to the Hammonds on the security of the charge which they executed and which was subsequently registered .
the building society advanced £15,000 to the hammonds on the security of the charge which they executed and which was [later] registered .

The mother was born in England , but subsequently acquired Australian citizenship .
the mother was born in england , but [later] acquired australian citizenship .

Although she subsequently indicated that she intended to institute divorce proceedings , the mother subsequently returned to Australia after the husband had paid a second visit to England .
although she [later] indicated that she intended to institute divorce proceedings , the mother [later] returned to australia after the husband had paid a second visit to england .

Subsequently , and very shortly after having written that letter , the father sought legal advice in Australia and then took the steps which eventually led to the issue of this originating summons .
[later] , and very shortly after having written that letter , the father sought legal advice in australia and then took the steps which eventually led to the issue of this originating summons .

‘ Notwithstanding the provisions of the preceding article , the judicial or administrative authority of the requested state is not bound to order the return of the child if the person , institution or other body which opposes its return establishes that — ( a ) the person , institution or other body having the care of the person of the child was not actually exercising the custody rights at the time of removal or retention , or had consented to or subsequently acquiesced in the removal or retention ; or ( b ) there is a grave risk that his or her return would expose the child to physical or psychological harm or otherwise place the child in an intolerable situation . …
‘ notwithstanding the provisions of the preceding article , the judicial or administrative authority of the requested state is not bound to order the return of the child if the person , institution or other body which opposes its return establishes that — ( a ) the person , institution or other body having the care of the person of the child was not actually exercising the custody rights at the time of removal or retention , or had consented to or [later] acquiesced in the removal or retention ; or ( b ) there is a grave risk that his or her return would expose the child to physical or psychological harm or otherwise place the child in an intolerable situation . …

The mother sought to establish that the father had ‘ subsequently acquiesced ’ in the removal of the children by her to England and their retention in England .
the mother sought to establish that the father had ‘ [later] acquiesced ’ in the removal of the children by her to england and their retention in england .

The mother appealed to the Court of Appeal , submitting that the judge was in error in having found that the father had not subsequently acquiesced in the removal or subsequent retention of the children within the meaning of article 13 ( a ) of the Convention .
the mother appealed to the court of appeal , submitting that the judge was in error in having found that the father had not [later] acquiesced in the removal or subsequent retention of the children within the meaning of article 13 ( a ) of the convention .

Subsequently the defendant bank was served by the Bank of England with a notice pursuant to section 39 ( 3 ) ( a ) of the Banking Act 1987requiring it to produce certain classes of documents , including documents covered by the injunction .
[later] the defendant bank was served by the bank of england with a notice pursuant to section 39 ( 3 ) ( a ) of the banking act 1987requiring it to produce certain classes of documents , including documents covered by the injunction .

In support of the connection between this breach and the Bank of England subsequently issuing the section 39 notice , the plaintiffs of course rely upon the reference to the Middle East state in the paragraph quoted above from the notice itself .
in support of the connection between this breach and the bank of england [later] issuing the section 39 notice , the plaintiffs of course rely upon the reference to the middle east state in the paragraph quoted above from the notice itself .

They can not , it is submitted — and certainly the plaintiffs themselves can not — be held responsible if , after the documents are returned to them executed in the presence of a solicitor , it subsequently transpires that the addressee has chosen to ignore the counsel that he was given .
they can not , it is submitted — and certainly the plaintiffs themselves can not — be held responsible if , after the documents are returned to them executed in the presence of a solicitor , it [later] transpires that the addressee has chosen to ignore the counsel that he was given .

At the conclusion of the hearing the Board intimated that it would humbly advise Her Majesty that the appeal should be dismissed , for reasons which it would subsequently deliver .
at the conclusion of the hearing the board intimated that it would humbly advise her majesty that the appeal should be dismissed , for reasons which it would [later] deliver .

Subsequently , during the argument of the appeal in the present case , the same point came before a Court of Appeal , differently constituted , in Attorney-General v. Alick Au Shui Yuen ( unreported ) , 3 October 1991 ; Court of Appeal of Hong Kong , Civil Appeal No .
[later] , during the argument of the appeal in the present case , the same point came before a court of appeal , differently constituted , in attorney-general v. alick au shui yuen ( unreported ) , 3 october 1991 ; court of appeal of hong kong , civil appeal no .

When half of the goods were subsequently put up for sale by auction , they realised £309 .
when half of the goods were [later] put up for sale by auction , they realised £309 .

It may well be that the jury took the view that at the outset of the relationship with each businessman the appellant may genuinely have intended to do the work but subsequently failed to do so .
it may well be that the jury took the view that at the outset of the relationship with each businessman the appellant may genuinely have intended to do the work but [later] failed to do so .

In May 1991 the older boy suffered non-accidental injuries , in respect of which the father pleaded guilty to causing actual bodily harm and was subsequently placed on probation .
in may 1991 the older boy suffered non-accidental injuries , in respect of which the father pleaded guilty to causing actual bodily harm and was [later] placed on probation .

The revenue demanded and received payment of the sum by way of tax alleged to be due under regulations subsequently held by your Lordships ' House to be ultra vires .
the revenue demanded and received payment of the sum by way of tax alleged to be due under regulations [later] held by your lordships ' house to be ultra vires .

However , the relationship between the local authority and the foster mother subsequently deteriorated , and the local authority became concerned about the placement of the children with her .
however , the relationship between the local authority and the foster mother [later] deteriorated , and the local authority became concerned about the placement of the children with her .

The marriage of their parents had ended by separation in September 1989 and subsequently in divorce .
the marriage of their parents had ended by separation in september 1989 and [later] in divorce .

On the parents ' separation the mother initially left the four children of the marriage with the father in the former matrimonial home but on her subsequently removing one of the children the father applied ex parte for orders , including a residence order , a prohibited steps order and a specific issue order pursuant to section 8 of the Children Act 1989 requiring her to return the child and directing her not to remove any of the children from the father 's care and control .
on the parents ' separation the mother initially left the four children of the marriage with the father in the former matrimonial home but on her [later] removing one of the children the father applied ex parte for orders , including a residence order , a prohibited steps order and a specific issue order pursuant to section 8 of the children act 1989 requiring her to return the child and directing her not to remove any of the children from the father 's care and control .

Subsequently he became bankrupt .
[later] he became bankrupt .

If a bankruptcy order is subsequently made , the deposit will be returned unless the assets of the debtor prove to be of insufficient value to cover the costs of the interim receiver ( r6.53 ( 3 ) ) .
if a bankruptcy order is [later] made , the deposit will be returned unless the assets of the debtor prove to be of insufficient value to cover the costs of the interim receiver ( r6.53 ( 3 ) ) .

Thus , if the creditor knew that the debtor hoped to pay his debt to that creditor from a contract which the debtor was about to enter into , the creditor can not subsequently claim that the prospect of being paid from that source is not a reasonable prospect .
thus , if the creditor knew that the debtor hoped to pay his debt to that creditor from a contract which the debtor was about to enter into , the creditor can not [later] claim that the prospect of being paid from that source is not a reasonable prospect .

The sheriff or bailiff must not account to the execution creditor for fourteen days after sale if the judgment exceeds the prescribed sum ( currently £500 ) because under s 346 ( 3 ) the sheriff or bailiff is obliged to hand over the proceeds to the official receiver or trustee if a bankruptcy petition is presented within fourteen days of the sale of the goods and a bankruptcy order is subsequently made on that petition .
the sheriff or bailiff must not account to the execution creditor for fourteen days after sale if the judgment exceeds the prescribed sum ( currently £500 ) because under s 346 ( 3 ) the sheriff or bailiff is obliged to hand over the proceeds to the official receiver or trustee if a bankruptcy petition is presented within fourteen days of the sale of the goods and a bankruptcy order is [later] made on that petition .

Any dispositions of property or payments made by the bankrupt between the date of the presentation of the bankruptcy petition and the vesting of his assets in his trustee are void except to the extent that they were made with the consent of the court or were subsequently ratified by the court ( s 284 ( 1 ) - ( 3 ) ) .
any dispositions of property or payments made by the bankrupt between the date of the presentation of the bankruptcy petition and the vesting of his assets in his trustee are void except to the extent that they were made with the consent of the court or were [later] ratified by the court ( s 284 ( 1 ) - ( 3 ) ) .

No member of the committee , his representative or associate of them nor any person who was a member of the committee in the last twelve months must enter into any transaction whereby he receives out of the estate any payment for services given or goods supplied in connection with the administration or obtains any profit from the administration or acquires any asset forming part of the estate ( r 6.165(2) ) except with leave of the court , with prior sanction of the committee where full value for the transaction is given and in cases of urgency or by way of performance of a contract in existence at the date of the bankruptcy order where leave of the court is sought subsequently without delay ( r 6.165(3) ) .
no member of the committee , his representative or associate of them nor any person who was a member of the committee in the last twelve months must enter into any transaction whereby he receives out of the estate any payment for services given or goods supplied in connection with the administration or obtains any profit from the administration or acquires any asset forming part of the estate ( r 6.165(2) ) except with leave of the court , with prior sanction of the committee where full value for the transaction is given and in cases of urgency or by way of performance of a contract in existence at the date of the bankruptcy order where leave of the court is sought [later] without delay ( r 6.165(3) ) .

He rates only the Nippon Challenge and the New Zealanders ahead in his own group and feels that , although the French show promise , they are dogged by lack of funds ( it was subsequently announced that French funding by the City of Paris was likely ) .
he rates only the nippon challenge and the new zealanders ahead in his own group and feels that , although the french show promise , they are dogged by lack of funds ( it was [later] announced that french funding by the city of paris was likely ) .

It subsequently took Mo 2,200 man hours to complete Sparkle .
it [later] took mo 2,200 man hours to complete sparkle .

John West was subsequently commissioned to build a 33ft ( 10m ) boat in wood , using cold-moulded ply .
john west was [later] commissioned to build a 33ft ( 10m ) boat in wood , using cold-moulded ply .

Then came the Russian revolution ; late in 1917 , the new Soviet leaders renounced what they considered the czar 's unequal treaties and subsequently the Cossack officers were withdrawn from Iran .
then came the russian revolution ; late in 1917 , the new soviet leaders renounced what they considered the czar 's unequal treaties and [later] the cossack officers were withdrawn from iran .

He subsequently began to abandon Iran 's long tradition of playing off East against West and turned increasingly towards the United States for the support of his regime .
he [later] began to abandon iran 's long tradition of playing off east against west and turned increasingly towards the united states for the support of his regime .

Subsequently , wrote Mrs Sadat , they felt a special kinship for they led the two most ancient civilisations in the middle east — `` the Iranian Empire dating back 2500 years and Egypt 's civilization going back seven thousand .
[later] , wrote mrs sadat , they felt a special kinship for they led the two most ancient civilisations in the middle east — `` the iranian empire dating back 2500 years and egypt 's civilization going back seven thousand .

The Shah subsequently told the Israeli foreign minister , Abba Eban , that he had jumped for joy at Nassers gemmulation victory .
the shah [later] told the israeli foreign minister , abba eban , that he had jumped for joy at nassers gemmulation victory .

These listings are correct when we go to press , but schedule changes may subsequently occur .
these listings are correct when we go to press , but schedule changes may [later] occur .

The structure of land ownership in the Highlands that allowed the infamous Clearances , and the extractive economy that was subsequently imposed on the area , are still largely in place today , and have reduced it to semi-desert .
the structure of land ownership in the highlands that allowed the infamous clearances , and the extractive economy that was [later] imposed on the area , are still largely in place today , and have reduced it to semi-desert .

The idea that drinking nablabs was a seriously smart thing to do ant that hordes or women would subsequently fall at one 's feet probably looked great on a storyboard but it failed to impress the punters .
the idea that drinking nablabs was a seriously smart thing to do ant that hordes or women would [later] fall at one 's feet probably looked great on a storyboard but it failed to impress the punters .

In this way the primary sufferer — and the family members — may more readily accept the need for treatment even though they will subsequently learn that stress and depression are consequences rather than causes of addictive disease .
in this way the primary sufferer — and the family members — may more readily accept the need for treatment even though they will [later] learn that stress and depression are consequences rather than causes of addictive disease .

( 1 ) Where the holder of a licence under this Part of this Act subsequently ceases to be the manager of the canteen , the person for the time being in charge of the canteen may , during the period of 14 days from the date on which the holder of the licence ceased to be the manager , sell alcoholic liquor in the canteen as if that licence had been transferred to him .
( 1 ) where the holder of a licence under this part of this act [later] ceases to be the manager of the canteen , the person for the time being in charge of the canteen may , during the period of 14 days from the date on which the holder of the licence ceased to be the manager , sell alcoholic liquor in the canteen as if that licence had been transferred to him .

It was not a matter of Peter and subsequently Paul saying ‘ What about a bit of evangelism ?
it was not a matter of peter and [later] paul saying ‘ what about a bit of evangelism ?

( This plan was abandoned when rumours began to circulate that the castle was about to be taken over as a headquarters for Field Marshal Kesselring ; rumours which subsequently proved to have no basis in fact . )
( this plan was abandoned when rumours began to circulate that the castle was about to be taken over as a headquarters for field marshal kesselring ; rumours which [later] proved to have no basis in fact . )

Becoming angry in the face of this reception , the Germans started what subsequently became known as a rastrellamento , which literally means a raking — a detailed search of the area .
becoming angry in the face of this reception , the germans started what [later] became known as a rastrellamento , which literally means a raking — a detailed search of the area .

Tav & Co are essentially a stripped down rock ' n ' roll band , more reliant on rhythm and basic passion than volume and are subsequently unlike to ‘ blow away ’ the average indie rock lover .
tav & co are essentially a stripped down rock ' n ' roll band , more reliant on rhythm and basic passion than volume and are [later] unlike to ‘ blow away ’ the average indie rock lover .

Oliphant , who was also knighted , went on to work on the atomic bomb , and subsequently returned to his native South Australia , where he became Governor .
oliphant , who was also knighted , went on to work on the atomic bomb , and [later] returned to his native south australia , where he became governor .

The original , redundant infant school comprising two flat-roofed , one-storey blocks subsequently became the home of the city 's first disruptive pupils ' unit , the Delphi Centre .
the original , redundant infant school comprising two flat-roofed , one-storey blocks [later] became the home of the city 's first disruptive pupils ' unit , the delphi centre .

The creation of special units as an administrative response to disaffection heightens the tension between the principles that operate when deviant behaviour is perceived and subsequently acted upon .
the creation of special units as an administrative response to disaffection heightens the tension between the principles that operate when deviant behaviour is perceived and [later] acted upon .

The two men struck a deal and subsequently Trevaskis took a 50 per cent partnership in a new company to import ‘ Laura Ashley ’ fabrics and make them up locally according to agreed patterns and styles .
the two men struck a deal and [later] trevaskis took a 50 per cent partnership in a new company to import ‘ laura ashley ’ fabrics and make them up locally according to agreed patterns and styles .

After Jackie Smale 's departure , most of the new clothes were created by Tim Gardner , a freelance designer who subsequently won an award as Romantic Designer of the Year .
after jackie smale 's departure , most of the new clothes were created by tim gardner , a freelance designer who [later] won an award as romantic designer of the year .

In practice , the Labour government subsequently decided to recommend the establishment of two national bodies to be known as Advanced Further Education Councils ( AFECs ) , one for England and one for Wales .
in practice , the labour government [later] decided to recommend the establishment of two national bodies to be known as advanced further education councils ( afecs ) , one for england and one for wales .

Dougal nevertheless remembered that the army had trained Lorton in the efficient use of violence ; and that subsequently he had sold those skills to the highest bidder .
dougal nevertheless remembered that the army had trained lorton in the efficient use of violence ; and that [later] he had sold those skills to the highest bidder .

The witness was subsequently recalled and it was established that her particular work ( presumably some form of basting or binding ) could not be accomplished by machine .
the witness was [later] recalled and it was established that her particular work ( presumably some form of basting or binding ) could not be accomplished by machine .

Braque , on the other hand , although he was only six months younger than Picasso , was slower in his development and had not yet established himself as a particularly original or significant painter ; indeed , Braque subsequently came to feel that the paintings he executed in Antwerp during the summer of 1906 were his first creative works .
braque , on the other hand , although he was only six months younger than picasso , was slower in his development and had not yet established himself as a particularly original or significant painter ; indeed , braque [later] came to feel that the paintings he executed in antwerp during the summer of 1906 were his first creative works .

Picasso 's work was first seen in Germany in 1909 at the Thannhauser Gallery in Munich , and paintings by many of the other painters subsequently known as Cubists were shown at the second exhibition of the Neue Künstlervereinigung in Munich in 1910 .
picasso 's work was first seen in germany in 1909 at the thannhauser gallery in munich , and paintings by many of the other painters [later] known as cubists were shown at the second exhibition of the neue künstlervereinigung in munich in 1910 .

And it was at this time , in 1910 , that Cubism entered its most ‘ difficult ’ or hermetic phase , which subsequently gave rise to so much misunderstanding .
and it was at this time , in 1910 , that cubism entered its most ‘ difficult ’ or hermetic phase , which [later] gave rise to so much misunderstanding .

The prime purpose of an office is to collect and process relevant information , which is subsequently stored or despatched to appropriate persons .
the prime purpose of an office is to collect and process relevant information , which is [later] stored or despatched to appropriate persons .

Subsequently , it was shown that many European countries suffer substantial damage to their forests through the effects of air pollution ( figure 4.17 ; table 4.2 ) .
[later] , it was shown that many european countries suffer substantial damage to their forests through the effects of air pollution ( figure 4.17 ; table 4.2 ) .

Soil acidification impairs the uptake of calcium by trees which results in low calcium levels in the leaves of several tree species ( beech , birch , Scots pine , and oak ) and subsequently in the content of feeding caterpillars which are an important food source for hole-nesting birds in spring and summer .
soil acidification impairs the uptake of calcium by trees which results in low calcium levels in the leaves of several tree species ( beech , birch , scots pine , and oak ) and [later] in the content of feeding caterpillars which are an important food source for hole-nesting birds in spring and summer .

One of the two pressurized water reactors initially suffered the loss of normal feedwater supply which led to a turbine trip and later to a reactor trip which subsequently resulted in significant damage to portions of the reactor core .
one of the two pressurized water reactors initially suffered the loss of normal feedwater supply which led to a turbine trip and later to a reactor trip which [later] resulted in significant damage to portions of the reactor core .

The pollution problems created in 1991 by the burning oil wells in Kuwait indicate the need for the United Nations to make deliberate large-scale devastation of the environment a ‘ war crime ’ for which victims could subsequently seek compensation and for which the perpetrators could be punished in the future .
the pollution problems created in 1991 by the burning oil wells in kuwait indicate the need for the united nations to make deliberate large-scale devastation of the environment a ‘ war crime ’ for which victims could [later] seek compensation and for which the perpetrators could be punished in the future .

The environmental movement was too short-lived to ensure the rigid implementation of the 1970 Clean Air Act and this is one reason why the Clean Air Act was subsequently relaxed and weakened during the 1970s .
the environmental movement was too short-lived to ensure the rigid implementation of the 1970 clean air act and this is one reason why the clean air act was [later] relaxed and weakened during the 1970s .

Environmental policy subsequently underwent dramatic shifts in both stride and direction .
environmental policy [later] underwent dramatic shifts in both stride and direction .

He modified the Nixon bill ( subsequently to become the Clean Air Act of 1970 ) to require 90 per cent reduction in vehicle emissions below 1970 federal standards for hydrocarbons and carbon monoxide by 1975 , with a similar reduction in oxides of nitrogen below 1971 emission levels a year later .
he modified the nixon bill ( [later] to become the clean air act of 1970 ) to require 90 per cent reduction in vehicle emissions below 1970 federal standards for hydrocarbons and carbon monoxide by 1975 , with a similar reduction in oxides of nitrogen below 1971 emission levels a year later .

The first meeting had been at York in 1831 ; thereafter the Association visited the university cities of Oxford , Cambridge , Edinburgh and Dublin , before in 1836 venturing to Bristol and subsequently to other large towns .
the first meeting had been at york in 1831 ; thereafter the association visited the university cities of oxford , cambridge , edinburgh and dublin , before in 1836 venturing to bristol and [later] to other large towns .

Rather , developments have proceeded incrementally with early initiatives such as the Rayner Scrutiny Programme leading subsequently to the introduction of departmental management information systems and the Financial Management Initiative .
rather , developments have proceeded incrementally with early initiatives such as the rayner scrutiny programme leading [later] to the introduction of departmental management information systems and the financial management initiative .

( Subsequently , the government proposed exempting the mentally ill and elderly people living in homes and hospitals ; and also allowing a discount for students and the less well off ; see Paying for Local Government-the Community Charge , 1986 . )
( [later] , the government proposed exempting the mentally ill and elderly people living in homes and hospitals ; and also allowing a discount for students and the less well off ; see paying for local government-the community charge , 1986 . )

Subsequently , however , it was reduced as part of central government public expenditure restraint policies and by
[later] , however , it was reduced as part of central government public expenditure restraint policies and by

They persuaded party leaders and the party group to adopt the initiative and subsequently took an important role in the process of implementation .
they persuaded party leaders and the party group to adopt the initiative and [later] took an important role in the process of implementation .

Almost all the selected authorities ( despite loud protests ) set legal rates within the limits set by ministers ; and councillors in Lambeth — who delayed setting a rate to try and avoid compliance-were subsequently surcharged by the district auditor and disqualified as councillors .
almost all the selected authorities ( despite loud protests ) set legal rates within the limits set by ministers ; and councillors in lambeth — who delayed setting a rate to try and avoid compliance-were [later] surcharged by the district auditor and disqualified as councillors .

These enactments , particularly when seen alongside pledges in the Conservative Party 's 1987 general election manifesto ( and subsequently presented to Parliament ) to allow schools and council tenants to ‘ opt out ’ of local authority control , would seem to envisage a diminished role for elected local government .
these enactments , particularly when seen alongside pledges in the conservative party 's 1987 general election manifesto ( and [later] presented to parliament ) to allow schools and council tenants to ‘ opt out ’ of local authority control , would seem to envisage a diminished role for elected local government .

Hebb 's view , as described in Chapter 6 , was that memory formation should involve some element of synaptic growth or reconstruction , thus providing a new pattern of connectivity between neurons which can subsequently be preserved ; and this indeed remains the consensus , though by no means the only view .
hebb 's view , as described in chapter 6 , was that memory formation should involve some element of synaptic growth or reconstruction , thus providing a new pattern of connectivity between neurons which can [later] be preserved ; and this indeed remains the consensus , though by no means the only view .

And reciprocally , if memory formation requires the synthesis of proteins for the construction of synapses , then if one could stop the proteins from being synthesized around the time of learning then the memory should not be formed ; an animal trained on a task and prevented from synthesizing proteins should behave as if it has no memory for the task — is amnesic — when it is subsequently asked to perform it .
and reciprocally , if memory formation requires the synthesis of proteins for the construction of synapses , then if one could stop the proteins from being synthesized around the time of learning then the memory should not be formed ; an animal trained on a task and prevented from synthesizing proteins should behave as if it has no memory for the task — is amnesic — when it is [later] asked to perform it .

There are now available drugs which , injected prior to or just after a learning trial , improve retention of the memory ( that is , increase the ‘ savings ’ as defined in Chapter 5 ) in animals tested hours or days subsequently .
there are now available drugs which , injected prior to or just after a learning trial , improve retention of the memory ( that is , increase the ‘ savings ’ as defined in chapter 5 ) in animals tested hours or days [later] .

How does new learned information become ‘ represented ’ in the brain in the form of new patterns of connections between cells so that it can subsequently be retrieved and modify future behaviour ?
how does new learned information become ‘ represented ’ in the brain in the form of new patterns of connections between cells so that it can [later] be retrieved and modify future behaviour ?

Contact with the advisory teacher who was subsequently ( April 1989 ) given responsibility for parents and the community was not written into the job description .
contact with the advisory teacher who was [later] ( april 1989 ) given responsibility for parents and the community was not written into the job description .

They felt that the Authority provided too little support here at first , although curriculum leadership courses introduced in the later stages of the ‘ Programme provided some help subsequently .
they felt that the authority provided too little support here at first , although curriculum leadership courses introduced in the later stages of the ‘ programme provided some help [later] .

( He subsequently became an excellent landlord at Auchinleck . )
( he [later] became an excellent landlord at auchinleck . )

This derived largely from fears amongst Latin American ruling groups of a threat to their own positions , concerns which have been played upon and reinforced by Great Britain in the 1920s because of its considerable stake in the Argentine economy , and subsequently by the United States .
this derived largely from fears amongst latin american ruling groups of a threat to their own positions , concerns which have been played upon and reinforced by great britain in the 1920s because of its considerable stake in the argentine economy , and [later] by the united states .

The tensions induced by the conflicts between Marxism versus Liberalism and Liberalism versus corporatism are incarnated in the figure of Salvador Allende , who tried to introduce socialism on the basis of populist support and subsequently refused to sacrifice his belief in ‘ constitutionalism ’ until it was too late to save his revolution .
the tensions induced by the conflicts between marxism versus liberalism and liberalism versus corporatism are incarnated in the figure of salvador allende , who tried to introduce socialism on the basis of populist support and [later] refused to sacrifice his belief in ‘ constitutionalism ’ until it was too late to save his revolution .

The Cuban Communists , who for the first six months of 1959 had made policy proclamations which were cautiously but unequivocally more radical than Castro 's , subsequently found that they were fast being outstripped by him in the proposal of anti-capitalist measures .
the cuban communists , who for the first six months of 1959 had made policy proclamations which were cautiously but unequivocally more radical than castro 's , [later] found that they were fast being outstripped by him in the proposal of anti-capitalist measures .

These ‘ five techniques ’ ( requiring prisoners to wear hoods over their heads unless they were separated from other inmates or being interrogated , having them stand spreadeagled against a wall for up to 43 hours , depriving them of sleep , subjecting them to electronic noise and beating them ) were subsequently condemned as ‘ torture ’ by the European Rights Commission ( Hewitt , 1982:157–8 ) .
these ‘ five techniques ’ ( requiring prisoners to wear hoods over their heads unless they were separated from other inmates or being interrogated , having them stand spreadeagled against a wall for up to 43 hours , depriving them of sleep , subjecting them to electronic noise and beating them ) were [later] condemned as ‘ torture ’ by the european rights commission ( hewitt , 1982:157–8 ) .

Similar themes have subsequently been explored by other American researchers .
similar themes have [later] been explored by other american researchers .

The Journal 's editorial policy pre-dates the codes of conduct subsequently adopted by many American radio and television stations ( Kueneman and Wright , 1975 ) .
the journal 's editorial policy pre-dates the codes of conduct [later] adopted by many american radio and television stations ( kueneman and wright , 1975 ) .

Subsequently , he takes them one at a time .
[later] , he takes them one at a time .

Subsequently , however , the number of those who took part in what Camille Rousset called ce terrible et sanglant steeplechase was officially corrected to 673 .
[later] , however , the number of those who took part in what camille rousset called ce terrible et sanglant steeplechase was officially corrected to 673 .

Her own father had been as much of a weakling as her husband subsequently became ; Gustave supplanted him .
her own father had been as much of a weakling as her husband [later] became ; gustave supplanted him .

The novel opens with a page-long diatribe about the age of middlemen which appears to be the opinion of a third-person narrator but is subsequently identified as ‘ disloyal thoughts … not precisely verbalised as they turmoiled through the hazily discontented soul of Rusty Conway ’ ( 5–6 ) .
the novel opens with a page-long diatribe about the age of middlemen which appears to be the opinion of a third-person narrator but is [later] identified as ‘ disloyal thoughts … not precisely verbalised as they turmoiled through the hazily discontented soul of rusty conway ’ ( 5–6 ) .

She thinks of herself as a discursive fabric in which beliefs get lodged and are subsequently removed .
she thinks of herself as a discursive fabric in which beliefs get lodged and are [later] removed .

He was inclined to think Nicola had invented the whole story , or else been told it and then discovered subsequently that it was a sham .
he was inclined to think nicola had invented the whole story , or else been told it and then discovered [later] that it was a sham .

The Home Office Statistical Bulletin 6/89 ( Home Office 1989c ) found black defendants were more likely to be remanded in custody than white defendants , yet a higher proportion were subsequently acquitted .
the home office statistical bulletin 6/89 ( home office 1989c ) found black defendants were more likely to be remanded in custody than white defendants , yet a higher proportion were [later] acquitted .

The same month saw growing concern over the water industry , subsequently privatised , because of the dangerously high level of nitrates and other chemicals being found in the water in some areas .
the same month saw growing concern over the water industry , [later] privatised , because of the dangerously high level of nitrates and other chemicals being found in the water in some areas .

Subsequently this figure began to increase steadily and by 1988 , the latest year for which figures are available , it was 20 per cent .
[later] this figure began to increase steadily and by 1988 , the latest year for which figures are available , it was 20 per cent .

By 1974 they were used in 56 per cent of guilty cases for adult males but subsequently their proportionate use declined and by 1988 the figure was 42 per cent .
by 1974 they were used in 56 per cent of guilty cases for adult males but [later] their proportionate use declined and by 1988 the figure was 42 per cent .

Subsequently , the three were to be released on the grounds that the statements of King and others had prejudiced their case .
[later] , the three were to be released on the grounds that the statements of king and others had prejudiced their case .

’ It depends how it 's introduced and how it 's handled subsequently .
’ it depends how it 's introduced and how it 's handled [later] .

Borrowers who have taken out loans ion illiquid assets or assets whose value subsequently falls are particularly vulnerable .
borrowers who have taken out loans ion illiquid assets or assets whose value [later] falls are particularly vulnerable .

Company liquidations have increased more sharply recently than at the same stage of the last recession , when defaults significantly lagged the deterioration in companies ' financial position , but corporate indebtedness has been much higher both at the outset of the recession and subsequently .
company liquidations have increased more sharply recently than at the same stage of the last recession , when defaults significantly lagged the deterioration in companies ' financial position , but corporate indebtedness has been much higher both at the outset of the recession and [later] .

He wished , in his own words : ‘ to honour the memory of the early British travellers and in view of the special relationship which has subsequently developed between Murren and the tourists from Britain ’ .
he wished , in his own words : ‘ to honour the memory of the early british travellers and in view of the special relationship which has [later] developed between murren and the tourists from britain ’ .

For example , it is not necessary to add any shading to the drawing , as any shadows can be painted in subsequently .
for example , it is not necessary to add any shading to the drawing , as any shadows can be painted in [later] .

This Orient was , moreover a mirror in which Europe ( and subsequently America ) could see reflected its own supremacy .
this orient was , moreover a mirror in which europe ( and [later] america ) could see reflected its own supremacy .

Subsequently , he came across the look on various faces — a mother lifting a baby from a pram , a child running towards its father , a woman sitting beside a hospital bed , lovers by the dozen .
[later] , he came across the look on various faces — a mother lifting a baby from a pram , a child running towards its father , a woman sitting beside a hospital bed , lovers by the dozen .

He had subsequently taken her to the cinema , where she had been startled to feel his hand creep into hers .
he had [later] taken her to the cinema , where she had been startled to feel his hand creep into hers .

The nobleman Berhtfrith subsequently attributed Osred 's victory over his enemies at Bamburgh to the decision of Osred 's party to do justice by Wilfrid ( Vita Wilfridi , ch .
the nobleman berhtfrith [later] attributed osred 's victory over his enemies at bamburgh to the decision of osred 's party to do justice by wilfrid ( vita wilfridi , ch .

He granted several estates to the monastery of Lindisfarne when he entered it and was subsequently venerated as a saint , his relics being removed in the ninth century to Norham with those of St Cuthbert — and eventually to Durham .
he granted several estates to the monastery of lindisfarne when he entered it and was [later] venerated as a saint , his relics being removed in the ninth century to norham with those of st cuthbert — and eventually to durham .

Subsequently , however , in the 790s in his letters of that time , Alcuin detected a serious decline in the standards of Northumbrian life ‘ from the days of King Aelfwald ’ — that is to say , inclusive of the reign of Aelfwald — with an increase in sexual offences , even against nuns , and law-breaking .
[later] , however , in the 790s in his letters of that time , alcuin detected a serious decline in the standards of northumbrian life ‘ from the days of king aelfwald ’ — that is to say , inclusive of the reign of aelfwald — with an increase in sexual offences , even against nuns , and law-breaking .

It may be that it was because he was so secure in East Anglia that Offa was subsequently able to involve himself so much more forcefully in the south-east .
it may be that it was because he was so secure in east anglia that offa was [later] able to involve himself so much more forcefully in the south-east .

His papers on the topic , subsequently collected as the Recherches sur les ossemens fossiles of 1812 , provided a starting point for the science of vertebrate paleontology .
his papers on the topic , [later] collected as the recherches sur les ossemens fossiles of 1812 , provided a starting point for the science of vertebrate paleontology .

De Vries ' ‘ mutations ’ were subsequently shown to be the result of hybridization , not the production of new genetic characters .
de vries ' ‘ mutations ’ were [later] shown to be the result of hybridization , not the production of new genetic characters .

It would be necessary for the fire fighters , under conditions of very limited visibility to be able to determine which particular zones of a sprinkler system were in operation and to be reliably informed if further zones wee subsequently triggered .
it would be necessary for the fire fighters , under conditions of very limited visibility to be able to determine which particular zones of a sprinkler system were in operation and to be reliably informed if further zones wee [later] triggered .

In the announcement of their forthcoming System 7 software they revealed that they were moving towards the concept of using outline fonts to generate the screen displays and that they were developing their own proprietary format , then known as Royal but subsequently re-named TrueType .
in the announcement of their forthcoming system 7 software they revealed that they were moving towards the concept of using outline fonts to generate the screen displays and that they were developing their own proprietary format , then known as royal but [later] re-named truetype .

However , just prior to the split Adobe had announced , and have subsequently delivered , a mechanism ( Adobe Type Manager ) for generating on-screen bitmap fonts from outlines — the same outlines that are used for printing .
however , just prior to the split adobe had announced , and have [later] delivered , a mechanism ( adobe type manager ) for generating on-screen bitmap fonts from outlines — the same outlines that are used for printing .

Then , when the rule is subsequently applied in specific cases , more junior management should be given the authority for its application .
then , when the rule is [later] applied in specific cases , more junior management should be given the authority for its application .

Subsequently he built a house in the country for a wealthy barrister ( Hurtwood in Sussex ) and another in the Usk Valley ( Colomendy ) , where he also displayed a talent for garden design ( 1912–14 ) .
[later] he built a house in the country for a wealthy barrister ( hurtwood in sussex ) and another in the usk valley ( colomendy ) , where he also displayed a talent for garden design ( 1912–14 ) .

Twice wounded , he was captured in May 1917 , and subsequently exchanged into internment in Switzerland .
twice wounded , he was captured in may 1917 , and [later] exchanged into internment in switzerland .

They subsequently had four sons and four daughters .
they [later] had four sons and four daughters .

His philosophy took a long time to be appreciated , partly because he never pushed his own work , which was subsequently overshadowed by that of Wittgenstein .
his philosophy took a long time to be appreciated , partly because he never pushed his own work , which was [later] overshadowed by that of wittgenstein .

She was educated first at home by governesses and subsequently at Miss Wilson 's Academy in Tenby and Miss Philpott 's Educational Establishment in London .
she was educated first at home by governesses and [later] at miss wilson 's academy in tenby and miss philpott 's educational establishment in london .

He subsequently joined the family firm .
he [later] joined the family firm .

, Friedrich ( 1896–1959 ) , philosopher , was born 21 March 1896 in Vienna , the son of Leopold Waismann , a Russian who subsequently became a naturalized Austrian , and his wife Clara Schwarz , an Austrian .
, friedrich ( 1896–1959 ) , philosopher , was born 21 march 1896 in vienna , the son of leopold waismann , a russian who [later] became a naturalized austrian , and his wife clara schwarz , an austrian .

Louisa Twining was chief financial supporter of the Society for Promoting the Return of Women as Poor Law Guardians and subsequently chairwoman .
louisa twining was chief financial supporter of the society for promoting the return of women as poor law guardians and [later] chairwoman .

Palmer subsequently became a member of the council of the Institution and in 1835 was elected one of the vice-presidents ; he was always very attached to the Institution , contributing several interesting papers and seldom failing to take part in the discussions which he considered to be the most valuable part of the meetings .
palmer [later] became a member of the council of the institution and in 1835 was elected one of the vice-presidents ; he was always very attached to the institution , contributing several interesting papers and seldom failing to take part in the discussions which he considered to be the most valuable part of the meetings .

His far-sighted ideas on education subsequently led to the foundation of Keswick High School as an experiment in coeducation , and the introduction of music and dance into the curriculum .
his far-sighted ideas on education [later] led to the foundation of keswick high school as an experiment in coeducation , and the introduction of music and dance into the curriculum .

He was knighted in 1932 and was subsequently made a fellow of the Royal Society of Arts and of the Royal Society of Edinburgh .
he was knighted in 1932 and was [later] made a fellow of the royal society of arts and of the royal society of edinburgh .

She may subsequently have worked as a governess or tutor .
she may [later] have worked as a governess or tutor .

Besterman subsequently married Evelyn , younger daughter of Arthur Mack , of New York .
besterman [later] married evelyn , younger daughter of arthur mack , of new york .

Educated at Haileybury , he subsequently studied agriculture at Wellingore Hall , Lincolnshire .
educated at haileybury , he [later] studied agriculture at wellingore hall , lincolnshire .

Cary established himself in business c .1783 at 188 Strand in London , subsequently trading at Johnson 's Court , Fleet Street ( c .1782 ) , 181 Strand ( from c .1791 ) , and 86 St James 's Street ( from January 1820 , when fire destroyed his workshop and his brother William 's adjacent premises ) .
cary established himself in business c .1783 at 188 strand in london , [later] trading at johnson 's court , fleet street ( c .1782 ) , 181 strand ( from c .1791 ) , and 86 st james 's street ( from january 1820 , when fire destroyed his workshop and his brother william 's adjacent premises ) .

This did not prove a success and he subsequently accepted positions in Worcester , and later in Newcastle upon Tyne .
this did not prove a success and he [later] accepted positions in worcester , and later in newcastle upon tyne .

, Francis ( ‘ Frank ’ ) ( 1854–1920 ) , theatre architect , was born 22 November 1854 in Newton Abbot , Devon , the eldest son and second of nine children of Charles Matcham , subsequently manager of Mary Bridgeman 's Torquay brewery , and his wife Elizabeth .
, francis ( ‘ frank ’ ) ( 1854–1920 ) , theatre architect , was born 22 november 1854 in newton abbot , devon , the eldest son and second of nine children of charles matcham , [later] manager of mary bridgeman 's torquay brewery , and his wife elizabeth .

After the School of Oriental Studies opened in 1917 Alice Werner was appointed lecturer and subsequently reader in Swahili and other Bantu languages ( with her sister Mary as lecturer from 1918 to 1930 ) .
after the school of oriental studies opened in 1917 alice werner was appointed lecturer and [later] reader in swahili and other bantu languages ( with her sister mary as lecturer from 1918 to 1930 ) .

Her edition of Utendi wa Ayubu ( the life of Job ) , subsequently reprinted in a Dar-es-Salaam newspaper , became the first of the Swahili epics to reach a wide public both in Europe and along the East African coast .
her edition of utendi wa ayubu ( the life of job ) , [later] reprinted in a dar-es-salaam newspaper , became the first of the swahili epics to reach a wide public both in europe and along the east african coast .

, John ( 1799–1868 ) , ironmaster , was born in Worcester 21 December 1799 , a son of John Vaughan , subsequently at Guest 's Dowlais Ironworks .
, john ( 1799–1868 ) , ironmaster , was born in worcester 21 december 1799 , a son of john vaughan , [later] at guest 's dowlais ironworks .

, John ( 1715–1759 ) , Methodist preacher and subsequently Independent minister , was born 1 March 1715 in Whitehough near Chinley , Derbyshire , the son of William Bennet , Presbyterian farmer , and his wife Mary .
, john ( 1715–1759 ) , methodist preacher and [later] independent minister , was born 1 march 1715 in whitehough near chinley , derbyshire , the son of william bennet , presbyterian farmer , and his wife mary .

He subsequently pursued a similar career to his father 's , but in the service of the Cavendish rather than the Willoughby family .
he [later] pursued a similar career to his father 's , but in the service of the cavendish rather than the willoughby family .

Subsequently he is reported to have been a pupil of his cousin George Wilfred Anthony , a drawing master in Manchester , later a landscape painter and art critic ( as ‘ Gabriel Tinto ’ ) for the Manchester Guardian .
[later] he is reported to have been a pupil of his cousin george wilfred anthony , a drawing master in manchester , later a landscape painter and art critic ( as ‘ gabriel tinto ’ ) for the manchester guardian .

Subsequently various parts have been published .
[later] various parts have been published .

Nine children survived infancy : two sons , both subsequently knights , George , who died childless at the age of twenty-eight , and John , who settled in Kent ; and seven daughters , including Elizabeth , who married Thomas , Baron Knyvet of Escrick [ q.v . ]
nine children survived infancy : two sons , both [later] knights , george , who died childless at the age of twenty-eight , and john , who settled in kent ; and seven daughters , including elizabeth , who married thomas , baron knyvet of escrick [ q.v . ]

When , in 1884 , he resumed his medical studies at Edinburgh University , he still had pieces of weapon embedded in his thigh until they were removed by John Chiene , professor of surgery , to whom Morrison subsequently dedicated his book , An Australian in China ( 1895 ) , for restoring his ‘ power of locomotion ’ .
when , in 1884 , he resumed his medical studies at edinburgh university , he still had pieces of weapon embedded in his thigh until they were removed by john chiene , professor of surgery , to whom morrison [later] dedicated his book , an australian in china ( 1895 ) , for restoring his ‘ power of locomotion ’ .

He subsequently joined the merchant service , rising in due course to become commander of a transport vessel , in which capacity he accompanied one of the expeditions to Greenland led by Sir William Parry [ q.v . ]
he [later] joined the merchant service , rising in due course to become commander of a transport vessel , in which capacity he accompanied one of the expeditions to greenland led by sir william parry [ q.v . ]

, Lionel Thomas Caswall ( 1910–1974 ) , engineering historian , was born in Chester 11 February 1910 , the only child of Lionel Caswall Rolt , a minor country gentleman , and his wife Jemima Clarke ( subsequently Timperley ) .
, lionel thomas caswall ( 1910–1974 ) , engineering historian , was born in chester 11 february 1910 , the only child of lionel caswall rolt , a minor country gentleman , and his wife jemima clarke ( [later] timperley ) .

, a leading political rival of Langton and Poer , whom Elias none the less assisted with the foundation of monastic houses in Selborne and Titchfield , and for whom he subsequently acted as executor .
, a leading political rival of langton and poer , whom elias none the less assisted with the foundation of monastic houses in selborne and titchfield , and for whom he [later] acted as executor .

Stark published the plans in the form of a pamphlet , subsequently developed into Remarks on the Construction of Public Hospitals for the Cure of Mental Derangement ( 1810 ) which resulted in the building 's cruciform planning being widely adopted .
stark published the plans in the form of a pamphlet , [later] developed into remarks on the construction of public hospitals for the cure of mental derangement ( 1810 ) which resulted in the building 's cruciform planning being widely adopted .

She left elementary school at fourteen to take a job filling seed packets for five shillings a week ; later she worked for a draper and subsequently for the Co-op , where she joined the union movement of which she was to be a lifelong member .
she left elementary school at fourteen to take a job filling seed packets for five shillings a week ; later she worked for a draper and [later] for the co-op , where she joined the union movement of which she was to be a lifelong member .

Prior to the Restoration he was councillor of state in January and February of 1660 , and he was subsequently elected to the Cavalier Parliament of 1661 as one of four MPs for London .
prior to the restoration he was councillor of state in january and february of 1660 , and he was [later] elected to the cavalier parliament of 1661 as one of four mps for london .

He took a prominent and active part in the investigations which led ultimately to the Mines Inspection Act of 1851 , and he was elected the first president of the North of England Institute of Mining Engineers , to which he subsequently read many papers , on its formation at Newcastle in 1852 .
he took a prominent and active part in the investigations which led ultimately to the mines inspection act of 1851 , and he was elected the first president of the north of england institute of mining engineers , to which he [later] read many papers , on its formation at newcastle in 1852 .

Hertha Ayrton carried on with the experiments during her husband 's absence in America in 1893 and subsequently became the leading authority on the subject .
hertha ayrton carried on with the experiments during her husband 's absence in america in 1893 and [later] became the leading authority on the subject .

and then in the New Model Army , subsequently a colonel of foot , and eventually major-general and temporary commander-in-chief in Scotland ( in 1652 ) , his cousin was a captain of foot who became secretary or chief clerk to the army committee of the Rump Parliament from 1649 to 1653 .
and then in the new model army , [later] a colonel of foot , and eventually major-general and temporary commander-in-chief in scotland ( in 1652 ) , his cousin was a captain of foot who became secretary or chief clerk to the army committee of the rump parliament from 1649 to 1653 .

Already one of the four leading underwriters in 1744 , they were to be one of the two houses that arranged the ‘ closed subscription ’ loans to the government in the difficult winters of 1745–6 and 1757 — loans subsequently attacked by Sir John Barnard [ q.v . ]
already one of the four leading underwriters in 1744 , they were to be one of the two houses that arranged the ‘ closed subscription ’ loans to the government in the difficult winters of 1745–6 and 1757 — loans [later] attacked by sir john barnard [ q.v . ]

as an actor in 1901 , and subsequently toured with several theatrical companies .
as an actor in 1901 , and [later] toured with several theatrical companies .

In 1842 Buddicom went to France to work on the Paris–Rouen railway , which opened in 1843 , and was subsequently extended to Le Havre .
in 1842 buddicom went to france to work on the paris–rouen railway , which opened in 1843 , and was [later] extended to le havre .

when he fell at Lussac and subsequently with Sir Robert Knollys [ q.v . ]
when he fell at lussac and [later] with sir robert knollys [ q.v . ]

With Seton-Watson , Burrows was instrumental in the establishment in 1915 of the School of Slavonic Studies ( subsequently the School of Slavonic and East European Studies of the University of London ) .
with seton-watson , burrows was instrumental in the establishment in 1915 of the school of slavonic studies ( [later] the school of slavonic and east european studies of the university of london ) .

Thomas Garrigue Masaryk ( subsequently president of Czechoslovakia ) was appointed a professor in the School and , in October 1915 , delivered a highly influential lecture entitled ‘ The Problem of Small Nations in the European Crisis ’ .
thomas garrigue masaryk ( [later] president of czechoslovakia ) was appointed a professor in the school and , in october 1915 , delivered a highly influential lecture entitled ‘ the problem of small nations in the european crisis ’ .

He had a younger brother , Philip ( 1640–1723 ) , who was chaplain to the Levant Company in Smyrna , and subsequently minister of Wimborne Minster .
he had a younger brother , philip ( 1640–1723 ) , who was chaplain to the levant company in smyrna , and [later] minister of wimborne minster .

His parents subsequently became master and matron of Poplar union workhouse .
his parents [later] became master and matron of poplar union workhouse .

Subsequently published as a three-decker ( 1888–9 ) , the novel traces the fortunes of the Stanfield family from the middle ages to the Restoration , and combines historical romance , influenced by Sir Walter Scott [ q.v . ]
[later] published as a three-decker ( 1888–9 ) , the novel traces the fortunes of the stanfield family from the middle ages to the restoration , and combines historical romance , influenced by sir walter scott [ q.v . ]

, that he had become well acquainted with Piranesi , and that while abroad he had kept a journal written in Italian but had subsequently destroyed it because he was embarrassed by its poor linguistic quality .
, that he had become well acquainted with piranesi , and that while abroad he had kept a journal written in italian but had [later] destroyed it because he was embarrassed by its poor linguistic quality .

After his retirement as secretary of the English Association in 1950 he spent four years in India , encouraging the growth of youth hostels in that country , and subsequently paid two extended visits to Africa for the same purpose .
after his retirement as secretary of the english association in 1950 he spent four years in india , encouraging the growth of youth hostels in that country , and [later] paid two extended visits to africa for the same purpose .

Subsequently , continuing on occasion to work in partnership with his brother , he developed a business which made him one of the most successful of such craft-based figures in English history .
[later] , continuing on occasion to work in partnership with his brother , he developed a business which made him one of the most successful of such craft-based figures in english history .

He subsequently assisted the incorporation of the Greater London colleges within London University and , as a result , became the first principal in 1901 , holding the position until retirement in 1908 .
he [later] assisted the incorporation of the greater london colleges within london university and , as a result , became the first principal in 1901 , holding the position until retirement in 1908 .

Rücker was subsequently married in 1892 to Thereza Charlotte ( died 1941 ) , third daughter of Mervyn Herbert Nevil Story-Maskelyne [ q.v . ]
rücker was [later] married in 1892 to thereza charlotte ( died 1941 ) , third daughter of mervyn herbert nevil story-maskelyne [ q.v . ]

He subsequently gave evidence to a House of Lords committee on muzzling dogs , which he had found effective in controlling the Nottingham outbreak .
he [later] gave evidence to a house of lords committee on muzzling dogs , which he had found effective in controlling the nottingham outbreak .

He was wounded at the siege of Leith in 1560 and nine years later he stood against the northern rising , subsequently advising on the defence of the northern border .
he was wounded at the siege of leith in 1560 and nine years later he stood against the northern rising , [later] advising on the defence of the northern border .

He was much concerned with strict honesty in business transactions and was closely involved in the agitation that led to the passing of the Prevention of Corruption Act in 1900 : he was subsequently chairman of the Bribery and Secret Commissions Prevention League , set up to give effect to the provisions of the Act .
he was much concerned with strict honesty in business transactions and was closely involved in the agitation that led to the passing of the prevention of corruption act in 1900 : he was [later] chairman of the bribery and secret commissions prevention league , set up to give effect to the provisions of the act .

Subsequently Foley became a well-known midlands ironmaster .
[later] foley became a well-known midlands ironmaster .

, entered Lincoln 's Inn and subsequently enjoyed a distinguished career , serving variously as solicitor-general , attorney-general , and lord chief baron of the Exchequer .
, entered lincoln 's inn and [later] enjoyed a distinguished career , serving variously as solicitor-general , attorney-general , and lord chief baron of the exchequer .

In 1807 he was in the expedition that failed to take Buenos Aires and subsequently went with his battalion to India .
in 1807 he was in the expedition that failed to take buenos aires and [later] went with his battalion to india .

Diaper was ordained deacon in Wells on 19 June 1709 , and served subsequently as curate in Brent in the same diocese .
diaper was ordained deacon in wells on 19 june 1709 , and served [later] as curate in brent in the same diocese .

In 1828 he began to write for the fledgling Record newspaper and subsequently became its chief proprietor and the dominant influence on editorial policy for half a century .
in 1828 he began to write for the fledgling record newspaper and [later] became its chief proprietor and the dominant influence on editorial policy for half a century .

Subsequently he was persuaded by liberal bribes to reverse his judgement .
[later] he was persuaded by liberal bribes to reverse his judgement .

She subsequently married twice : first , in 1702 , Thomas Warren of Cheshunt , who died in 1707 , then in 1708 Samuel Storey , a prosperous Highgate merchant , who survived her .
she [later] married twice : first , in 1702 , thomas warren of cheshunt , who died in 1707 , then in 1708 samuel storey , a prosperous highgate merchant , who survived her .

Of their four children ( one son and three daughters ) , three subsequently distinguished themselves — Beatrix as an actress , Rosamond as a novelist , and John as a man of letters .
of their four children ( one son and three daughters ) , three [later] distinguished themselves — beatrix as an actress , rosamond as a novelist , and john as a man of letters .

The agent of his downfall through protracted litigation , one Benjamin Coleman , was not motivated solely by shareholder 's vigilance : he was embittered against Jackson 's family and may even have been sponsored by rival railway interests , perhaps the North Eastern which subsequently absorbed Jackson 's Hartlepool Company .
the agent of his downfall through protracted litigation , one benjamin coleman , was not motivated solely by shareholder 's vigilance : he was embittered against jackson 's family and may even have been sponsored by rival railway interests , perhaps the north eastern which [later] absorbed jackson 's hartlepool company .

He subsequently gained membership of the Institutes of Civil and Mechanical Engineers .
he [later] gained membership of the institutes of civil and mechanical engineers .

This partnership , which included the silver manufactory , traded under the style of Storr & Mortimer until Storr 's retirement on 31 December 1838 ; subsequently the firm continued as Mortimer & Hunt and then Hunt & Roskell .
this partnership , which included the silver manufactory , traded under the style of storr & mortimer until storr 's retirement on 31 december 1838 ; [later] the firm continued as mortimer & hunt and then hunt & roskell .

Subsequently he was a pupil of ( Sir ) John Aspinall [ q.v . ]
[later] he was a pupil of ( sir ) john aspinall [ q.v . ]

Although his family remained Ainsworthians , Offwood subsequently joined the Dutch Reformed Church , and there he stayed until 18 April 1629 , when he moved to the English Reformed Church of Amsterdam — a congregation affiliated with the Dutch Reformed Church , pastored by John Paget [ q.v . ]
although his family remained ainsworthians , offwood [later] joined the dutch reformed church , and there he stayed until 18 april 1629 , when he moved to the english reformed church of amsterdam — a congregation affiliated with the dutch reformed church , pastored by john paget [ q.v . ]

Fifty similar engines were subsequently delivered to the French railways .
fifty similar engines were [later] delivered to the french railways .

Nothing is known of his education or early years beyond the fact that from 1815 to 1817 he served as an ensign in the 27th Foot and subsequently in the 91st Foot , from which he was obliged to retire on account of ill health in 1821 .
nothing is known of his education or early years beyond the fact that from 1815 to 1817 he served as an ensign in the 27th foot and [later] in the 91st foot , from which he was obliged to retire on account of ill health in 1821 .

He subsequently took part in the regional gravity surveys of Burma ( 1910–11 ) and southern and central India ( 1912–14 ) .
he [later] took part in the regional gravity surveys of burma ( 1910–11 ) and southern and central india ( 1912–14 ) .

He subsequently travelled in France , Italy , Spain , China , Portugal , India , Sri Lanka , Russia , Scandinavia , North Africa , and Germany .
he [later] travelled in france , italy , spain , china , portugal , india , sri lanka , russia , scandinavia , north africa , and germany .

Her work was in eclipse for most of the twentieth century , partly because of the disparaging account of her in Beatrice Webb 's diaries ( ‘ the little woman ’ ) , and partly because of her association with a subsequently discredited school of ‘ social economics ’ .
her work was in eclipse for most of the twentieth century , partly because of the disparaging account of her in beatrice webb 's diaries ( ‘ the little woman ’ ) , and partly because of her association with a [later] discredited school of ‘ social economics ’ .

He subsequently went to King 's College , Cambridge , where he had a distinguished career as exhibitioner , scholar , and fellow .
he [later] went to king 's college , cambridge , where he had a distinguished career as exhibitioner , scholar , and fellow .

Educated at Shrewsbury School and Gray 's Inn , Mackworth subsequently practised law and was called to the bar .
educated at shrewsbury school and gray 's inn , mackworth [later] practised law and was called to the bar .

He did so to such purpose that he subsequently wrote several widely acclaimed technical books on the processing of steel and in 1920 received the Bessemer gold medal of the Iron and Steel Institute .
he did so to such purpose that he [later] wrote several widely acclaimed technical books on the processing of steel and in 1920 received the bessemer gold medal of the iron and steel institute .

The plans of the groups enable them to be identified with those shown on large-scale Ordnance Survey maps , except for those sites subsequently ploughed out , which often survived as ring-ditches .
the plans of the groups enable them to be identified with those shown on large-scale ordnance survey maps , except for those sites [later] ploughed out , which often survived as ring-ditches .

About the year 1858 he introduced the steam-jacketed receiver which was subsequently known in the navy as ‘ Cowper 's Hot-Pot ’ .
about the year 1858 he introduced the steam-jacketed receiver which was [later] known in the navy as ‘ cowper 's hot-pot ’ .

Neither during his lifetime nor subsequently did Sisley 's paintings achieve the popularity of those of Monet , Renoir , or even Camille Pissarro , with all of whom he helped to forge the Impressionist style .
neither during his lifetime nor [later] did sisley 's paintings achieve the popularity of those of monet , renoir , or even camille pissarro , with all of whom he helped to forge the impressionist style .

He subsequently took out a number of patents in these two fields , the most valuable being in 1875 for the making of copper rollers for calico printing .
he [later] took out a number of patents in these two fields , the most valuable being in 1875 for the making of copper rollers for calico printing .

Badlesmere fought with the rebels at Boroughbridge , but escaped , only to be captured and subsequently hanged and decapitated in Canterbury 14 April 1322 .
badlesmere fought with the rebels at boroughbridge , but escaped , only to be captured and [later] hanged and decapitated in canterbury 14 april 1322 .

Supported by a small inheritance from his father , who died in 1538 , Smith gained his freedom of the Haberdashers ' Company and subsequently of the Skinners ' , the company of Sir Andrew Judde [ q.v . ]
supported by a small inheritance from his father , who died in 1538 , smith gained his freedom of the haberdashers ' company and [later] of the skinners ' , the company of sir andrew judde [ q.v . ]

In 1866 she went to St Thomas 's nursing school as an observer for four months and the following year studied at the Kaiserswerth Institute on the Rhine , under Pastor Theodor Fliedner , subsequently visiting many hospitals in Europe .
in 1866 she went to st thomas 's nursing school as an observer for four months and the following year studied at the kaiserswerth institute on the rhine , under pastor theodor fliedner , [later] visiting many hospitals in europe .

, subsequently the architect of St George 's Hall in Liverpool , was an assistant in his office from 1834 to 1837 .
, [later] the architect of st george 's hall in liverpool , was an assistant in his office from 1834 to 1837 .

In subsequently adopting the life of a travelling scholar , he was doubtless influenced by the academic study of Greece being undertaken around 1800 by a remarkable group of Cambridge scholars .
in [later] adopting the life of a travelling scholar , he was doubtless influenced by the academic study of greece being undertaken around 1800 by a remarkable group of cambridge scholars .

Singer went to the Jews ' College School , London , where he subsequently became a teacher .
singer went to the jews ' college school , london , where he [later] became a teacher .

His father Morgan Barber had been a journeyman barber-surgeon to Benjamin Tomlinson , whose widow Mary he subsequently married .
his father morgan barber had been a journeyman barber-surgeon to benjamin tomlinson , whose widow mary he [later] married .

He subsequently decided to take holy orders in the Church of England and in 1836 entered St David 's College , Lampeter .
he [later] decided to take holy orders in the church of england and in 1836 entered st david 's college , lampeter .

In 1920 the Imperial Bureau of Mycology was established at Kew under the directorship of Butler , who , after assembling a small staff and laying plans for the abstracting journal , the Review of Applied Mycology , visited plant pathologists in the United States , and subsequently Commonwealth countries , to obtain support for the Bureau , which flourished .
in 1920 the imperial bureau of mycology was established at kew under the directorship of butler , who , after assembling a small staff and laying plans for the abstracting journal , the review of applied mycology , visited plant pathologists in the united states , and [later] commonwealth countries , to obtain support for the bureau , which flourished .

Returning to England in 1906 , he subsequently advised on mines in Russia , South Africa , Canada , and elsewhere .
returning to england in 1906 , he [later] advised on mines in russia , south africa , canada , and elsewhere .

However , an uneasy relationship with the tutors ( now called fellows ) subsequently developed .
however , an uneasy relationship with the tutors ( now called fellows ) [later] developed .

Another creditor of the shareholder subsequently obtained judgment against him and a charging order on the shares by way of equitable execution .
another creditor of the shareholder [later] obtained judgment against him and a charging order on the shares by way of equitable execution .

In these ways , and in certain others of less importance which will be referred to briefly , members and the public ( which , for practical purposes , means creditors and others who may subsequently have dealings with the company and become its members or creditors ) are supposed to be able to obtain the information which they need to make an intelligent appraisal of their risks , and to decide when and how to exercise the rights and remedies which the law affords them .
in these ways , and in certain others of less importance which will be referred to briefly , members and the public ( which , for practical purposes , means creditors and others who may [later] have dealings with the company and become its members or creditors ) are supposed to be able to obtain the information which they need to make an intelligent appraisal of their risks , and to decide when and how to exercise the rights and remedies which the law affords them .

Joseph had subsequently been to the villa on the Cap and talked about a show in New York .
joseph had [later] been to the villa on the cap and talked about a show in new york .

The logic of this is defensible enough where there are members of the public to be terrified , but it was subsequently held that the offence need not take place in public , on the grounds that bystanders might become just as terrified in private as they would in public .
the logic of this is defensible enough where there are members of the public to be terrified , but it was [later] held that the offence need not take place in public , on the grounds that bystanders might become just as terrified in private as they would in public .

Subsequently , it has been held that , even where such conduct causes alarm , it is not sufficient to amount in itself to a breach of the peace .
[later] , it has been held that , even where such conduct causes alarm , it is not sufficient to amount in itself to a breach of the peace .

English law does not recognise the continental doctrine of rebellion which requires a person to acquiesce in the unlawful use of official force against him , seeking such civil remedies as may be available subsequently .
english law does not recognise the continental doctrine of rebellion which requires a person to acquiesce in the unlawful use of official force against him , seeking such civil remedies as may be available [later] .

The law therefore sets a point ( although an extremely unclear one ) at which the citizen is not entitled to resist further , and must be expected to endure the indignity or invasion , seeking relief subsequently when he can substantiate that he has been the victim of a police mistake .
the law therefore sets a point ( although an extremely unclear one ) at which the citizen is not entitled to resist further , and must be expected to endure the indignity or invasion , seeking relief [later] when he can substantiate that he has been the victim of a police mistake .

This was subsequently followed in Ansell v. Swift where the defendant who had been lawfully protecting his brother in a fight hit a policeman who sought to restrain him .
this was [later] followed in ansell v. swift where the defendant who had been lawfully protecting his brother in a fight hit a policeman who sought to restrain him .

( Slobin used a verification task in which subjects had to decide whether a sentence is a true description of a subsequently presented picture , and Herriot asked subjects to name the actor and acted-upon . )
( slobin used a verification task in which subjects had to decide whether a sentence is a true description of a [later] presented picture , and herriot asked subjects to name the actor and acted-upon . )

Apart from the aesthetic considerations , those governing the welfare of plants and livestock must be taken into account if a healthy balance is to be subsequently maintained .
apart from the aesthetic considerations , those governing the welfare of plants and livestock must be taken into account if a healthy balance is to be [later] maintained .

In fact , new accounting arrangements were introduced with the implementation of the poll tax legislation in 1988 and subsequently .
in fact , new accounting arrangements were introduced with the implementation of the poll tax legislation in 1988 and [later] .

In this case , it would seem natural to establish an accounting system that records the annual debts ( principal and interest ) , in which each year 's debt charges signal the property tax rate ( having taken account of rateable value ) and which subsequently accounts for the actual expenditure and actual revenues ( to determine whether next year 's taxes need adjusting ) .
in this case , it would seem natural to establish an accounting system that records the annual debts ( principal and interest ) , in which each year 's debt charges signal the property tax rate ( having taken account of rateable value ) and which [later] accounts for the actual expenditure and actual revenues ( to determine whether next year 's taxes need adjusting ) .

The local authority associations were subsequently asked to provide an alternative set of proposals .
the local authority associations were [later] asked to provide an alternative set of proposals .

This type of geomorphology , which has subsequently attracted both great support and disenchantment , has been the subject of at least two groups of interpretations and it is perhaps the lack of equal familiarity with the achievements of both groups that may account for the differing viewpoints some of which are listed in Table 4.1 .
this type of geomorphology , which has [later] attracted both great support and disenchantment , has been the subject of at least two groups of interpretations and it is perhaps the lack of equal familiarity with the achievements of both groups that may account for the differing viewpoints some of which are listed in table 4.1 .

Although emphasis was initially upon recognition of the variety of landscape features , sediments and structures that could be developed under periglacial conditions , the potential subsequently arose of developing a greater knowledge of phases of periglacial landscape development , and in Poland and other countries in Europe this emphasis was clearly evident in research in the 1960s and much of the research was reflected in Periglacial Geomorphology ( Embleton and King , 1975 ) which was one of two books to derive from the earlier Glacial and Periglacial Geomorphology ( Embleton and King , 1968 ) .
although emphasis was initially upon recognition of the variety of landscape features , sediments and structures that could be developed under periglacial conditions , the potential [later] arose of developing a greater knowledge of phases of periglacial landscape development , and in poland and other countries in europe this emphasis was clearly evident in research in the 1960s and much of the research was reflected in periglacial geomorphology ( embleton and king , 1975 ) which was one of two books to derive from the earlier glacial and periglacial geomorphology ( embleton and king , 1968 ) .

Subsequently a development of the theme has appeared in Archaeology as Human Geography ( Butzer , 1982 ) , in Geoarchaeology ( Davidson and Shackley , 1976 ) and in a book which endeavours to develop the theme of the nature of the environment during each of the phases of British prehistory ( Simmons and Tooley , 1981 ) .
[later] a development of the theme has appeared in archaeology as human geography ( butzer , 1982 ) , in geoarchaeology ( davidson and shackley , 1976 ) and in a book which endeavours to develop the theme of the nature of the environment during each of the phases of british prehistory ( simmons and tooley , 1981 ) .

Therefore it was first necessary to gain information on the rates at which processes operate but then subsequently to establish relationships between process and controls .
therefore it was first necessary to gain information on the rates at which processes operate but then [later] to establish relationships between process and controls .

Very significant was the movement by ecologists towards trophic-dynamic ecology which was developed by Lindeman in a classic paper published in 1942 which built upon earlier conceptual frameworks and treated natural ecosystems on the basis of the capacity of their primary producers ( photosynthetic plants ) to capture part of the incident solar and atmospheric energy , and to incorporate it into the dry organic matter that would subsequently yield it to the grazing and decay food webs .
very significant was the movement by ecologists towards trophic-dynamic ecology which was developed by lindeman in a classic paper published in 1942 which built upon earlier conceptual frameworks and treated natural ecosystems on the basis of the capacity of their primary producers ( photosynthetic plants ) to capture part of the incident solar and atmospheric energy , and to incorporate it into the dry organic matter that would [later] yield it to the grazing and decay food webs .

In the 1960s and subsequently the discovery of the need to study processes led to appreciation of the need for familiarity with subject matter from interdisciplinary origins and to acquire and develop techniques that could be employed for process investigations and particularly for empirical measurements .
in the 1960s and [later] the discovery of the need to study processes led to appreciation of the need for familiarity with subject matter from interdisciplinary origins and to acquire and develop techniques that could be employed for process investigations and particularly for empirical measurements .

Budyko then proceeded to attempt a physio-geographical zonation of the earth and his approach has subsequently been developed by systems in which energy and moisture regimes are related to vegetation types ( e.g. Grigor'yev , 1961 ) , to genetic soil types ( e.g. Gerasimov , 1961 ) and later to geomorphic zonality ( Ye Grishankov , 1973 ) . It is curious that geomorphologists have not generally explored the potentially fruitful links with energy-based climatology that are identified by Hare , who comments ( 1973 , p. 188 ) :
budyko then proceeded to attempt a physio-geographical zonation of the earth and his approach has [later] been developed by systems in which energy and moisture regimes are related to vegetation types ( e.g. grigor'yev , 1961 ) , to genetic soil types ( e.g. gerasimov , 1961 ) and later to geomorphic zonality ( ye grishankov , 1973 ) . it is curious that geomorphologists have not generally explored the potentially fruitful links with energy-based climatology that are identified by hare , who comments ( 1973 , p. 188 ) :

The significance of such events was highlighted by Wolman and Miller 's ( 1960 ) consideration of the magnitude and frequency of geomorphic processes and subsequently the significance of rare events has been scrutinized .
the significance of such events was highlighted by wolman and miller 's ( 1960 ) consideration of the magnitude and frequency of geomorphic processes and [later] the significance of rare events has been scrutinized .

This important volume , subsequently republished in parts , did not perhaps have the immediate effect that might have been expected .
this important volume , [later] republished in parts , did not perhaps have the immediate effect that might have been expected .

Whereas the long-term significance of human activity upon plants and animals and soil characteristics and distributions has provided one research focus , in climatology the emphasis has perhaps been more evident on a spatial scale with the impact of human activity first appreciated at the local scale but then subsequently extended to the meso and thence to the world scale . With this progression the atmosphere has increasingly been viewed as a resource ( Chandler , 1970 ) and research interests have concentrated upon ( Chandler , 1970 , p. 3 ) :
whereas the long-term significance of human activity upon plants and animals and soil characteristics and distributions has provided one research focus , in climatology the emphasis has perhaps been more evident on a spatial scale with the impact of human activity first appreciated at the local scale but then [later] extended to the meso and thence to the world scale . with this progression the atmosphere has increasingly been viewed as a resource ( chandler , 1970 ) and research interests have concentrated upon ( chandler , 1970 , p. 3 ) :

Although a textbook on oceanography was produced by a physical geographer and was subsequently divided into two volumes , ( King , 1962 ; 1975 ) the separate discipline of oceanography has been responsible in physical oceanography for research on sea level and its changes ; tides , waves , currents , the physical and chemical properties of sea water as well as the form of the sea floor and marine sediments , and in biological oceanography for research on ocean flora and fauna .
although a textbook on oceanography was produced by a physical geographer and was [later] divided into two volumes , ( king , 1962 ; 1975 ) the separate discipline of oceanography has been responsible in physical oceanography for research on sea level and its changes ; tides , waves , currents , the physical and chemical properties of sea water as well as the form of the sea floor and marine sediments , and in biological oceanography for research on ocean flora and fauna .

Subsequently a number of books have summarized this and other work on earth hazards ( e.g .
[later] a number of books have summarized this and other work on earth hazards ( e.g .

but also notes that some such as Young ( 1974 ) have argued that geographers have failed to realize the potential of contributing to human ecology because they were overconcerned with environmental determinism . Subsequently Douglas has developed these ideas in a book which collects together much material in the urban environment from a physical geography point of view but perhaps also leads towards his view that ( Douglas , 1981 , p. 360 ) :
but also notes that some such as young ( 1974 ) have argued that geographers have failed to realize the potential of contributing to human ecology because they were overconcerned with environmental determinism . [later] douglas has developed these ideas in a book which collects together much material in the urban environment from a physical geography point of view but perhaps also leads towards his view that ( douglas , 1981 , p. 360 ) :

Subsequently applied to geography as a whole , Bennett and Chorley ( 1978 ) produced a text which attempted to explore firstly the extent to which systems theory provided an interdisciplinary focus for environmental matters and to what extent systems technology provides an adequate vehicle ; and secondly to ascertain the manner in which systems approaches aid in the development of an integrated theory relating social and economic theory to physical and biological theory .
[later] applied to geography as a whole , bennett and chorley ( 1978 ) produced a text which attempted to explore firstly the extent to which systems theory provided an interdisciplinary focus for environmental matters and to what extent systems technology provides an adequate vehicle ; and secondly to ascertain the manner in which systems approaches aid in the development of an integrated theory relating social and economic theory to physical and biological theory .

Subsequently Hare ( 1966 ) suggested that the outstanding change in climatology in the post-1945 years has been the shift away from parameters such as temperature and relative humidity and towards the measurement of fluxes .
[later] hare ( 1966 ) suggested that the outstanding change in climatology in the post-1945 years has been the shift away from parameters such as temperature and relative humidity and towards the measurement of fluxes .

Subsequently it was suggested ( Hare , 1973 ) that this trend in climatology had been emphasized by three other contributions identified as the micrometeorological method whereby a branch of experimental physics has used experimental techniques to provide physical insights into the nature of the earth 's surface and planetary boundary layers ; the microclimatological method where the techniques of micrometeorological measurement and boundary layer theory together with the related parts of soil physics and plant physiology are applied to exchange and transformation processes over natural surfaces , leading to study of energy transformation at the land surface , water movement upwards and downwards through the soil , and to how carbon dioxide is assimilated during photosynthesis and released during respiration ; and the hydrological method whereby energy exchange during the hydrological cycle was quantified .
[later] it was suggested ( hare , 1973 ) that this trend in climatology had been emphasized by three other contributions identified as the micrometeorological method whereby a branch of experimental physics has used experimental techniques to provide physical insights into the nature of the earth 's surface and planetary boundary layers ; the microclimatological method where the techniques of micrometeorological measurement and boundary layer theory together with the related parts of soil physics and plant physiology are applied to exchange and transformation processes over natural surfaces , leading to study of energy transformation at the land surface , water movement upwards and downwards through the soil , and to how carbon dioxide is assimilated during photosynthesis and released during respiration ; and the hydrological method whereby energy exchange during the hydrological cycle was quantified .

But memories kept him awake , particularly of that last night with Laura , and all the pain and anguish she had subsequently caused him .
but memories kept him awake , particularly of that last night with laura , and all the pain and anguish she had [later] caused him .

Reports are subsequently produced for library staff to use in updating its student borrower records , for example , to enable a close watch to be kept on student withdrawals to encourage the return of books .
reports are [later] produced for library staff to use in updating its student borrower records , for example , to enable a close watch to be kept on student withdrawals to encourage the return of books .

It was subsequently raised to £40 in October 1980 and £50 in November 1983 .
it was [later] raised to £40 in october 1980 and £50 in november 1983 .

The limit in respect of advice in relation to undefended divorce proceedings had been raised to £45 in April 1977 when legal aid ceased to be available for such proceedings and that figure was subsequently raised to £55 in 1979 , £75 in 1981 and £90 in 1985 .
the limit in respect of advice in relation to undefended divorce proceedings had been raised to £45 in april 1977 when legal aid ceased to be available for such proceedings and that figure was [later] raised to £55 in 1979 , £75 in 1981 and £90 in 1985 .

Subsequently , the major concern perceived with the system of legal aid was that confusion and inefficiency were created by too many people having the ability to decide whether or not to grant help .
[later] , the major concern perceived with the system of legal aid was that confusion and inefficiency were created by too many people having the ability to decide whether or not to grant help .

He did not put on his sword , for no weapons were permitted at such occasions , though Ratagan had told him a gory tale of a banquet where a certain disagreement had been settled with eating knives , which the victors had subsequently continued eating with .
he did not put on his sword , for no weapons were permitted at such occasions , though ratagan had told him a gory tale of a banquet where a certain disagreement had been settled with eating knives , which the victors had [later] continued eating with .

This brings me to volatiles borne by small bodies , either during accretion , or subsequently as a veneer .
this brings me to volatiles borne by small bodies , either during accretion , or [later] as a veneer .

Thus , even if , as seems unlikely for a cold Moon , isostatic equilibrium was subsequently achieved there would still be a residual basin .
thus , even if , as seems unlikely for a cold moon , isostatic equilibrium was [later] achieved there would still be a residual basin .

The core and mantle could be the result of heterogeneous formation , iron first then the silicates , or it could be the result of homogeneous formation with the Mercurian interior becoming sufficiently hot for differentiation to subsequently occur .
the core and mantle could be the result of heterogeneous formation , iron first then the silicates , or it could be the result of homogeneous formation with the mercurian interior becoming sufficiently hot for differentiation to [later] occur .

‘ Held with the intention ’ has come to mean brought into being with the intention , on the part of anyone , and subsequently held , by him or by anyone else ' ; and if that is what the draftsman intended or was instructed to express , the conclusion is irresistible that he did so with a degree of competence that would not have disgraced a chimpanzee learning the piano .
‘ held with the intention ’ has come to mean brought into being with the intention , on the part of anyone , and [later] held , by him or by anyone else ' ; and if that is what the draftsman intended or was instructed to express , the conclusion is irresistible that he did so with a degree of competence that would not have disgraced a chimpanzee learning the piano .

They have in effect the same base ( or acquisition ) value as the shares transferred and if and when they are subsequently disposed of , if they ever are , the taxable gain will be based on that original acquisition value .
they have in effect the same base ( or acquisition ) value as the shares transferred and if and when they are [later] disposed of , if they ever are , the taxable gain will be based on that original acquisition value .

This is particularly true of monetary compensatory amounts , which typify the kind of legislation adopted at the end of marathon meetings of agriculture ministers and subsequently amended again and again to respond to political adjustments or monetary fluctuations .
this is particularly true of monetary compensatory amounts , which typify the kind of legislation adopted at the end of marathon meetings of agriculture ministers and [later] amended again and again to respond to political adjustments or monetary fluctuations .

Subsequently , Council Decision 89/46 on an action programme for the European Tourism Year was also adopted under Article 235 .
[later] , council decision 89/46 on an action programme for the european tourism year was also adopted under article 235 .

In Pepper v. Hart , Lord Browne-Wilkinson stated that ‘ … reference to parliamentary material should be permitted as an aid to construction of legislation which is ambiguous or obscure or the literal meaning of which leads to an absurdity ’ and subsequently carefully established the ambiguity in the statutory provision in issue before relying on parliamentary material as an aid to its construction .
in pepper v. hart , lord browne-wilkinson stated that ‘ … reference to parliamentary material should be permitted as an aid to construction of legislation which is ambiguous or obscure or the literal meaning of which leads to an absurdity ’ and [later] carefully established the ambiguity in the statutory provision in issue before relying on parliamentary material as an aid to its construction .

To do so , it is necessary to demonstrate that there has been no subsequent inconsistent amendment to the Bill and that the statement has not been subsequently withdrawn or varied .
to do so , it is necessary to demonstrate that there has been no subsequent inconsistent amendment to the bill and that the statement has not been [later] withdrawn or varied .

As Coleman subsequently reported to Control , this pretty well summed up the relationship between Hurley and the spooks in Nicosia .
as coleman [later] reported to control , this pretty well summed up the relationship between hurley and the spooks in nicosia .

It was Cannistraro and his colleagues who also identified this man as an accomplice of the two Libyans arrested at Dakar ( and subsequently released ) who took over from Ahmed Jibril after he asked for Gaddafi 's help .
it was cannistraro and his colleagues who also identified this man as an accomplice of the two libyans arrested at dakar ( and [later] released ) who took over from ahmed jibril after he asked for gaddafi 's help .

Four samples of typing had subsequently been brought to Wickham , each identified by the registration number of the machine and the name of the person whose desk it normally stood on .
four samples of typing had [later] been brought to wickham , each identified by the registration number of the machine and the name of the person whose desk it normally stood on .

Cleo had subsequently met the young De Belving several times at a squalid inn on the outskirts of the Burrows in order to have sex with him on a greasy , flea-invested bed in an upper room .
cleo had [later] met the young de belving several times at a squalid inn on the outskirts of the burrows in order to have sex with him on a greasy , flea-invested bed in an upper room .

Fole and the others help him complete his designs , and subsequently assist in invoking the spirits .
fole and the others help him complete his designs , and [later] assist in invoking the spirits .

And if the theatre score really was copied for the 1693 revival , why , when it subsequently disappeared , was the company forced to advertise for its return , and unable to revive the work when it failed to turn up ?
and if the theatre score really was copied for the 1693 revival , why , when it [later] disappeared , was the company forced to advertise for its return , and unable to revive the work when it failed to turn up ?

In fact , close examination of the theatre score reveals that all but one of the string passages in Purcell 's own handwriting were initially written as a two-part skeleton , to which he subsequently added the inner parts using a different mix of ink — further evidence that he was either composing directly into the manuscript , or , at best , copying from mere sketches .
in fact , close examination of the theatre score reveals that all but one of the string passages in purcell 's own handwriting were initially written as a two-part skeleton , to which he [later] added the inner parts using a different mix of ink — further evidence that he was either composing directly into the manuscript , or , at best , copying from mere sketches .

’ Subsequently , however , they appear to suggest that the police would be unlikely to pursue such a complaint unless there was evidence of injury .
’ [later] , however , they appear to suggest that the police would be unlikely to pursue such a complaint unless there was evidence of injury .

The majority further contend that a wife who has reported a rape by her husband to the police may subsequently regret having done so and may wish to be reconciled with him .
the majority further contend that a wife who has reported a rape by her husband to the police may [later] regret having done so and may wish to be reconciled with him .

But what if he asserts that the victim was a masochist who consented to the injury and subsequently to the intercourse ?
but what if he asserts that the victim was a masochist who consented to the injury and [later] to the intercourse ?

In so far as sexual stimulation is generally geared towards sexual intercourse , the purpose of their violent activity may well be regarded as sexual intercourse where there is evidence that this subsequently took place .
in so far as sexual stimulation is generally geared towards sexual intercourse , the purpose of their violent activity may well be regarded as sexual intercourse where there is evidence that this [later] took place .

It is similarly arguable that it should be up to the defence to provide a proper foundation of evidence for an assertion that a woman who has been robbed by a man nonetheless subsequently consented to sexual intercourse with him .
it is similarly arguable that it should be up to the defence to provide a proper foundation of evidence for an assertion that a woman who has been robbed by a man nonetheless [later] consented to sexual intercourse with him .

Indeed , this event was the first of several that has enabled Keith to use his knowledge of Russian as he has also been asked to write a short speech for a Coopers and Lybrand partner in Sheffield and subsequently coach him with his delivery skills .
indeed , this event was the first of several that has enabled keith to use his knowledge of russian as he has also been asked to write a short speech for a coopers and lybrand partner in sheffield and [later] coach him with his delivery skills .

It was closed in 1968 by British Railways and subsequently purchased by East Lothian District Council in 1978 , and was made suitable for cycling and walking during 1986/87 .
it was closed in 1968 by british railways and [later] purchased by east lothian district council in 1978 , and was made suitable for cycling and walking during 1986/87 .

The results were subsequently beamed to the nation .
the results were [later] beamed to the nation .

4.1 The way in which clients are received throughout the Department will have a bearing on how they subsequently act .
4.1 the way in which clients are received throughout the department will have a bearing on how they [later] act .

Circumstances permitting , it may subsequently be possible to widen the objective to facilitate learning from the experience and to enhance the development of good practice in dealing with violence .
circumstances permitting , it may [later] be possible to widen the objective to facilitate learning from the experience and to enhance the development of good practice in dealing with violence .

The Railway Inn closed and has subsequently been re-opened .
the railway inn closed and has [later] been re-opened .

Others never adopted their plans and subsequently ignored them when it suited .
others never adopted their plans and [later] ignored them when it suited .

We were , however , grateful to receive a copy subsequently , even though a month had passed since the deadline for comments .
we were , however , grateful to receive a copy [later] , even though a month had passed since the deadline for comments .

Our Chairman , Dorothea Garnons Williams will present the Report , our Honorary Treasurer , Richard Livsey will present the Annual Accounts , and the meeting will subsequently be addressed by Michael Griffith , Chairman of the Countryside Council for Wales .
our chairman , dorothea garnons williams will present the report , our honorary treasurer , richard livsey will present the annual accounts , and the meeting will [later] be addressed by michael griffith , chairman of the countryside council for wales .

It is , however , recognised that prior to the introduction of any new Religious Education course into a Catholic School approval must be sought and obtained from the Bishops ' Conference , and , subsequently , from the Diocesan Religious Education Advisorate .
it is , however , recognised that prior to the introduction of any new religious education course into a catholic school approval must be sought and obtained from the bishops ' conference , and , [later] , from the diocesan religious education advisorate .

Belgium subsequently insisted that one third of the waste be returned to Germany , where , however , there are no licensed storage facilities for it : opposition from the public and state governments had prevented the federal government from pursuing its plan to set up licensed reprocessing sites .
belgium [later] insisted that one third of the waste be returned to germany , where , however , there are no licensed storage facilities for it : opposition from the public and state governments had prevented the federal government from pursuing its plan to set up licensed reprocessing sites .

This demonstration led shortly afterwards to the demonstration in the Radcliffe Infirmary of its effectiveness in patients with blood poisoning ; subsequently penicillin became one of the most important therapeutic agents in the history of medicine and has saved the lives of millions of animals and human beings .
this demonstration led shortly afterwards to the demonstration in the radcliffe infirmary of its effectiveness in patients with blood poisoning ; [later] penicillin became one of the most important therapeutic agents in the history of medicine and has saved the lives of millions of animals and human beings .

Subsequently , Cruzcampo acquired Unión Cervecera , previously 60 % owned by Carlsberg , with Carlsberg taking a 10 % share in the enlarged Cruzcampo group .
[later] , cruzcampo acquired unión cervecera , previously 60 % owned by carlsberg , with carlsberg taking a 10 % share in the enlarged cruzcampo group .

She has subsequently had three other novels published-The Burning Book , Light Years and Grace .
she has [later] had three other novels published-the burning book , light years and grace .

She subsequently took her D.Phil and joined Corpus Christi College as a lecturer .
she [later] took her d.phil and joined corpus christi college as a lecturer .

Subsequently the student 's study is devoted to Chemistry , on which written examinations are sat at the end of the third year .
[later] the student 's study is devoted to chemistry , on which written examinations are sat at the end of the third year .

Exxon subsequently withdrew guilty pleas to four misdemeanour charges relating to the spill , thereby formally dissolving the out of court settlement .
exxon [later] withdrew guilty pleas to four misdemeanour charges relating to the spill , thereby formally dissolving the out of court settlement .

The British Veterinary Association subsequently urged the government to discourage farmers from breeding from the offspring of `` mad cows `` .
the british veterinary association [later] urged the government to discourage farmers from breeding from the offspring of `` mad cows `` .

They were subsequently taken to Tahiti to face a magistrate .
they were [later] taken to tahiti to face a magistrate .

Thus , while a ruling of the executive is helpful in determining a particular course of action , it is nevertheless possible that the ruling could be reversed subsequently by the application of the other party to the takeover or , possibly , an aggrieved shareholder .
thus , while a ruling of the executive is helpful in determining a particular course of action , it is nevertheless possible that the ruling could be reversed [later] by the application of the other party to the takeover or , possibly , an aggrieved shareholder .

It will be important to formulate an initial strategy for the bid even if it has to be modified subsequently as a result of changing circumstances . Relevant matters will include :
it will be important to formulate an initial strategy for the bid even if it has to be modified [later] as a result of changing circumstances . relevant matters will include :

This may be made , either initially or subsequently , as part of a revised offer .
this may be made , either initially or [later] , as part of a revised offer .

2.11 If the Inspection does not take place or if following the Inspection the relevant Certificate is not issued the Landlord shall procure that the same is not subsequently issued unless notice has again been given to the Surveyors in accordance with clause 2.10 ( which procedure shall be repeated as often as necessary until the relevant Certificate is issued )
2.11 if the inspection does not take place or if following the inspection the relevant certificate is not issued the landlord shall procure that the same is not [later] issued unless notice has again been given to the surveyors in accordance with clause 2.10 ( which procedure shall be repeated as often as necessary until the relevant certificate is issued )

5.5.3 the Landlord shall be entitled immediately or at any time subsequently to take and retain possession of all ( if any ) completed or partially completed Tenant 's Works on the Premises which shall be forfeited and become the property of the Landlord and the Landlord shall not be liable to make to the Tenant any compensation or allowance in respect of them
5.5.3 the landlord shall be entitled immediately or at any time [later] to take and retain possession of all ( if any ) completed or partially completed tenant 's works on the premises which shall be forfeited and become the property of the landlord and the landlord shall not be liable to make to the tenant any compensation or allowance in respect of them

10.3 The Tenant acknowledges that [ its ] obligations under this agreement and the Lease shall not be affected or lessened in any way by the fact that there may now or subsequently exist any Restrictions and the Tenant shall with effect from the Possession Date comply with and indemnify the Landlord in respect of any liability under any Restrictions ( whether made before or after the Possession Date ) save in so far as such liability arises from failure by the Landlord to comply with [ its ] obligations under clause 2.2.2 It need hardly be said that the tenant 's solicitor should make all usual inquiries to ascertain whether any such restrictions exist at the date of the agreement .
10.3 the tenant acknowledges that [ its ] obligations under this agreement and the lease shall not be affected or lessened in any way by the fact that there may now or [later] exist any restrictions and the tenant shall with effect from the possession date comply with and indemnify the landlord in respect of any liability under any restrictions ( whether made before or after the possession date ) save in so far as such liability arises from failure by the landlord to comply with [ its ] obligations under clause 2.2.2 it need hardly be said that the tenant 's solicitor should make all usual inquiries to ascertain whether any such restrictions exist at the date of the agreement .

Having said that , the landlord may accept that there is more certainty in serving a s 146 notice with a short period of notice , leading to re-entry , rather than to run the risk that the tenant may subsequently utilise the Common Law Procedure Act 1852 which permits the tenant to apply for relief for up to six months after judgment in respect of forfeiture for arrears of rent .
having said that , the landlord may accept that there is more certainty in serving a s 146 notice with a short period of notice , leading to re-entry , rather than to run the risk that the tenant may [later] utilise the common law procedure act 1852 which permits the tenant to apply for relief for up to six months after judgment in respect of forfeiture for arrears of rent .

7.4 Payment of insurance rent The Tenant shall pay the Insurance Rent on the date of this Lease for the period from and including the Rent Commencement Date to the day before the next policy renewal date and subsequently the Tenant shall pay the Insurance Rent on demand ( if so demanded ) in advance [ but not more than [ months ] in advance of the policy renewal date It is obviously advisable that the tenant should not pay the insurance rent too far in advance of the policy renewal date .
7.4 payment of insurance rent the tenant shall pay the insurance rent on the date of this lease for the period from and including the rent commencement date to the day before the next policy renewal date and [later] the tenant shall pay the insurance rent on demand ( if so demanded ) in advance [ but not more than [ months ] in advance of the policy renewal date it is obviously advisable that the tenant should not pay the insurance rent too far in advance of the policy renewal date .

9.9 Exclusion of use warranty Nothing in this Lease or in any consent granted by the Landlord under this Lease shall imply or warrant that the Premises may lawfully be used under the Planning Acts for the purpose authorised in this Lease ( or any purpose subsequently authorised ) It is for the tenant to ensure that there is a lawful planning permission in existence consenting to the use for which the tenant proposes to put the premises .
9.9 exclusion of use warranty nothing in this lease or in any consent granted by the landlord under this lease shall imply or warrant that the premises may lawfully be used under the planning acts for the purpose authorised in this lease ( or any purpose [later] authorised ) it is for the tenant to ensure that there is a lawful planning permission in existence consenting to the use for which the tenant proposes to put the premises .

9.19 Rights of light There may be a proviso to the effect that the tenant can not complain if its light is subsequently affected by any building works being carried out by the landlord to neighbouring property .
9.19 rights of light there may be a proviso to the effect that the tenant can not complain if its light is [later] affected by any building works being carried out by the landlord to neighbouring property .

If the buyer subsequently retains the goods without objection , it may be taken to have accepted the offer ; however , if within a reasonable time the buyer responds making clear that it does not accept the seller 's terms , it will make a counter offer and will not be bound by the seller 's terms .
if the buyer [later] retains the goods without objection , it may be taken to have accepted the offer ; however , if within a reasonable time the buyer responds making clear that it does not accept the seller 's terms , it will make a counter offer and will not be bound by the seller 's terms .

Otherwise a seller 's spouse may be asked to sign the contract to demonstrate that he or she submits to the sale : the spouse will then be estopped from subsequently seeking to frustrate it .
otherwise a seller 's spouse may be asked to sign the contract to demonstrate that he or she submits to the sale : the spouse will then be estopped from [later] seeking to frustrate it .

If a seller 's unregistered title on a purchase is subsequently registered , the seller 's conveyancer , on a sale , should peruse the original conveyance to the seller ( returned with the land or charge certificate ) for positive covenants .
if a seller 's unregistered title on a purchase is [later] registered , the seller 's conveyancer , on a sale , should peruse the original conveyance to the seller ( returned with the land or charge certificate ) for positive covenants .

Both the transfer and the original share certificate should be handed over on completion , and subsequently registered with the secretary of the company .
both the transfer and the original share certificate should be handed over on completion , and [later] registered with the secretary of the company .

Thus in the case of Morrison v Moat ( 1851 ) 9 Hare 241 when one partner communicated a secret recipe of the partnership to his son who subsequently sought to exploit that recipe for his own account , an injunction was granted to restrain him .
thus in the case of morrison v moat ( 1851 ) 9 hare 241 when one partner communicated a secret recipe of the partnership to his son who [later] sought to exploit that recipe for his own account , an injunction was granted to restrain him .

In these circumstances , it is probable that both transactions will be regarded as interdependent so that the part exchange element may be construed as a sale subject to a condition subsequently , thereby , making it determinable if the financier does not accept the transaction .
in these circumstances , it is probable that both transactions will be regarded as interdependent so that the part exchange element may be construed as a sale subject to a condition [later] , thereby , making it determinable if the financier does not accept the transaction .

However , there are difficulties with latent defects , for example , characteristics not known to be harmful at the time of delivery , or immunities to harmful substances being subsequently discovered .
however , there are difficulties with latent defects , for example , characteristics not known to be harmful at the time of delivery , or immunities to harmful substances being [later] discovered .

However , merely because safer products are subsequently produced , this does not necessarily mean that a product was defective when put into circulation ( s4 ( 1 ) ( d ) ) .
however , merely because safer products are [later] produced , this does not necessarily mean that a product was defective when put into circulation ( s4 ( 1 ) ( d ) ) .

Where an advertisement becomes subsequently misleading , an offence is committed under s20 ( 2 ) if , in the course of a business , the supplier reasonably expected reliance on the advertisement and he has not taken steps which are reasonable to prevent reliance on this indication .
where an advertisement becomes [later] misleading , an offence is committed under s20 ( 2 ) if , in the course of a business , the supplier reasonably expected reliance on the advertisement and he has not taken steps which are reasonable to prevent reliance on this indication .

Section 743 ( 4 ) provides that where an individual has been charged to income tax on any income deemed to be his by virtue of s739 and that income is subsequently received by him , it shall be deemed not to form part of his income again for the purposes of the income tax acts .
section 743 ( 4 ) provides that where an individual has been charged to income tax on any income deemed to be his by virtue of s739 and that income is [later] received by him , it shall be deemed not to form part of his income again for the purposes of the income tax acts .

Section 743 ( 4 ) provides , specifically , for relief from double taxation : Where an individual has been charged to income tax on any income deemed to be his by virtue of section 739 and that income is subsequently received by him , it shall be deemed not to form part of his income again for the purposes of the Income Tax Acts .
section 743 ( 4 ) provides , specifically , for relief from double taxation : where an individual has been charged to income tax on any income deemed to be his by virtue of section 739 and that income is [later] received by him , it shall be deemed not to form part of his income again for the purposes of the income tax acts .

Although the doctrine was created in the course of a somewhat panicked reaction by the courts to bogus claims of national security peril asserted by the Government , it has subsequently been exploited by private corporations wishing to keep their secrets under wraps .
although the doctrine was created in the course of a somewhat panicked reaction by the courts to bogus claims of national security peril asserted by the government , it has [later] been exploited by private corporations wishing to keep their secrets under wraps .

The inquiry subsequently exonerated Lewis and his company .
the inquiry [later] exonerated lewis and his company .

Participants in a television programme , for example , who are told that it is a `` pilot `` which will not be transmitted , can not be held responsible for defamatory statements they have made if it is subsequently screened at prime time .
participants in a television programme , for example , who are told that it is a `` pilot `` which will not be transmitted , can not be held responsible for defamatory statements they have made if it is [later] screened at prime time .

The media have a right to publish defamatory remarks at the risk of paying heavy damages if they can not subsequently be justified .
the media have a right to publish defamatory remarks at the risk of paying heavy damages if they can not [later] be justified .

Their answers may support the defence of justification — although rarely as dramatically as football manager Tommy Docherty , a libel plaintiff who collapsed so utterly under cross-examination that he was subsequently prosecuted for perjury .
their answers may support the defence of justification — although rarely as dramatically as football manager tommy docherty , a libel plaintiff who collapsed so utterly under cross-examination that he was [later] prosecuted for perjury .

These will be protected as fair comment , even if the `` facts `` subsequently prove unfounded .
these will be protected as fair comment , even if the `` facts `` [later] prove unfounded .

However unfounded the allegations made on a protected occasion may subsequently prove , they are privileged unless made with malice .
however unfounded the allegations made on a protected occasion may [later] prove , they are privileged unless made with malice .

Subsequently , adult ewes harbour only very low populations of Ostertagia spp .
[later] , adult ewes harbour only very low populations of ostertagia spp .

However this can be hazardous since the initial larval challenge may not be sufficient to stimulate immunity and disease may subsequently occur .
however this can be hazardous since the initial larval challenge may not be sufficient to stimulate immunity and disease may [later] occur .

Foals , lambs and piglets may acquire infection immediately after birth from the mobilisation of arrested larvae in the tissues of the ventral abdominal wall of the dam which are subsequently excreted in the milk .
foals , lambs and piglets may acquire infection immediately after birth from the mobilisation of arrested larvae in the tissues of the ventral abdominal wall of the dam which are [later] excreted in the milk .

If you subsequently assign a longer string to the variable there will be insufficient room for it and the string will have to occupy a different area in memory .
if you [later] assign a longer string to the variable there will be insufficient room for it and the string will have to occupy a different area in memory .

If your program needs to find an empty string the first time it is used , you can subsequently assign a null string to it .
if your program needs to find an empty string the first time it is used , you can [later] assign a null string to it .

The new attributes apply to characters subsequently printed to the screen .
the new attributes apply to characters [later] printed to the screen .

The school librarians who have acquired microcomputers have either produced reports on particular projects and gained part-time access to a microcomputer for that project , but have subsequently been given a microcomputer permanently in the library or , as in the case of St Modan 's High School ( see Examples ) have produced reports on the acquisition of a microcomputer for a range of purposes .
the school librarians who have acquired microcomputers have either produced reports on particular projects and gained part-time access to a microcomputer for that project , but have [later] been given a microcomputer permanently in the library or , as in the case of st modan 's high school ( see examples ) have produced reports on the acquisition of a microcomputer for a range of purposes .

Agreement was reached and a consent order subsequently made to the effect that the house should be sold and that the husband should pay the wife a lump sum of £9,000 from his share of the proceeds of sale .
agreement was reached and a consent order [later] made to the effect that the house should be sold and that the husband should pay the wife a lump sum of £9,000 from his share of the proceeds of sale .

Because she herself had subsequently been extremely wary of any emotional entanglements .
because she herself had [later] been extremely wary of any emotional entanglements .

Mohammed Khalil can now start divorce proceedings against another Asian women whom he subsequently married in Scotland .
mohammed khalil can now start divorce proceedings against another asian women whom he [later] married in scotland .

Mr Khalil is now free to start divorce proceedings against a woman whom he subsequently married in Scotland .
mr khalil is now free to start divorce proceedings against a woman whom he [later] married in scotland .

However , only one in five of the women who experienced a severe life event or major difficulty subsequently developed depression .
however , only one in five of the women who experienced a severe life event or major difficulty [later] developed depression .

What happens subsequently ?
what happens [later] ?

Subsequently we shall focus particular attention on wakes and boundary layers .
[later] we shall focus particular attention on wakes and boundary layers .

Then chaotic behaviour recurs , with the phase space trajectories being initially confined to bands and subsequently filling a whole region .
then chaotic behaviour recurs , with the phase space trajectories being initially confined to bands and [later] filling a whole region .

Platt was annonimous most of the game , while Palmer , and subsequently Hinton , were well below international class .
platt was annonimous most of the game , while palmer , and [later] hinton , were well below international class .

It was a ‘ sad indictment ’ that some reporting accountants had evidently been issuing unqualified reports in circumstances subsequently giving rise to claims on the fund .
it was a ‘ sad indictment ’ that some reporting accountants had evidently been issuing unqualified reports in circumstances [later] giving rise to claims on the fund .

One such hypothesis with respect to tropical trees argues that the solid bole of a tree locks up an enormous amount of nutrients and that , if this could be recycled by ‘ employing ’ micro-organisms to rot down the heartwood , thus providing a roost for animals whose nests and droppings would subsequently rot too , the roots of long-lived organisms like trees would be prevented from exhausting local resources and competing with other roots , and the chemicals produced to prevent heartrotting would be saved . The discovery of a species of Guarea ( Meliaceae ) with its own roots growing up into its hollow trunk , shortcircuiting the nutrient cycle , seemed excellent evidence in support of the hypothesis , though in Jamaica it was found that many such hollow trees were full of roots , but some of them were from trees that were not merely different individuals , but of different species !
one such hypothesis with respect to tropical trees argues that the solid bole of a tree locks up an enormous amount of nutrients and that , if this could be recycled by ‘ employing ’ micro-organisms to rot down the heartwood , thus providing a roost for animals whose nests and droppings would [later] rot too , the roots of long-lived organisms like trees would be prevented from exhausting local resources and competing with other roots , and the chemicals produced to prevent heartrotting would be saved . the discovery of a species of guarea ( meliaceae ) with its own roots growing up into its hollow trunk , shortcircuiting the nutrient cycle , seemed excellent evidence in support of the hypothesis , though in jamaica it was found that many such hollow trees were full of roots , but some of them were from trees that were not merely different individuals , but of different species !

The problems to be added to this list of desiderata , making this theoretical model almost impossible to attain , include the problem of all year-round warmth , so that there is no respite from pests and diseases , a rapid breakdown of litter and subsequently enhanced leaching after the harvest of the crop .
the problems to be added to this list of desiderata , making this theoretical model almost impossible to attain , include the problem of all year-round warmth , so that there is no respite from pests and diseases , a rapid breakdown of litter and [later] enhanced leaching after the harvest of the crop .

Subsequently serving in Himalaya , Orsova , Spirit of London , Oriana and Island Princess .
[later] serving in himalaya , orsova , spirit of london , oriana and island princess .

The initiative was subsequently modified and taken forward by Scottish Enterprise .
the initiative was [later] modified and taken forward by scottish enterprise .

Carlos and Francisco chatted to them for a while , but then Carlos had to patrol his area , which to him meant strolling around , able to approach and compliment all the prettiest girls , and subsequently trying to fit them into his tight evening schedule !
carlos and francisco chatted to them for a while , but then carlos had to patrol his area , which to him meant strolling around , able to approach and compliment all the prettiest girls , and [later] trying to fit them into his tight evening schedule !

To her great relief , however , Fabia subsequently discovered that she had asked for a quite delicious meal of venison with bacon , mushrooms and tomatoes .
to her great relief , however , fabia [later] discovered that she had asked for a quite delicious meal of venison with bacon , mushrooms and tomatoes .

While she felt he should be honest with his colleagues , she could understand a reluctance to have stories about how his ne'er-do-well father had walked out before his birth and he had subsequently been neglected by his mother appear in the Press .
while she felt he should be honest with his colleagues , she could understand a reluctance to have stories about how his ne'er-do-well father had walked out before his birth and he had [later] been neglected by his mother appear in the press .

Subsequently the widths of the linear magnetic zones were related to the duration of each successive epoch of normal and reversed polarity on the assumption that the ocean floor spreads at a constant rate away from mid-oceanic ridges .
[later] the widths of the linear magnetic zones were related to the duration of each successive epoch of normal and reversed polarity on the assumption that the ocean floor spreads at a constant rate away from mid-oceanic ridges .

Subsequently , movement has been much slower at only about 50mma- 1 .
[later] , movement has been much slower at only about 50mma- 1 .

Eleven such triple junctions , each possibly associated with a separate hot spot , have been identified on the continental part of the African Plate and an intriguing problem is the way in which they may subsequently promote continental rupture and develop into spreading centres .
eleven such triple junctions , each possibly associated with a separate hot spot , have been identified on the continental part of the african plate and an intriguing problem is the way in which they may [later] promote continental rupture and develop into spreading centres .

2.16 ) generated a considerable length of passive continental margins and analysis of the palaeomagnetic record of the continents and the subsequently created ocean floor has given us a fairly good idea of the timing of most of these rifting episodes .
2.16 ) generated a considerable length of passive continental margins and analysis of the palaeomagnetic record of the continents and the [later] created ocean floor has given us a fairly good idea of the timing of most of these rifting episodes .

Pods of country rock surrounded by intrusive material create roof pendants when subsequently exposed by erosion ( Fig .
pods of country rock surrounded by intrusive material create roof pendants when [later] exposed by erosion ( fig .

Dissolved material may subsequently be reprecipitated or be reincorporated into other minerals , but the great proportion is carried by rivers to the ocean .
dissolved material may [later] be reprecipitated or be reincorporated into other minerals , but the great proportion is carried by rivers to the ocean .

The structure may be subsequently broken down by microbial activity and the complexed cation precipitated .
the structure may be [later] broken down by microbial activity and the complexed cation precipitated .

Subsequently these conclusions have been challenged , it being pointed out that experiments involving the rapid heating and cooling of small individual rocks do not accurately re-create field conditions .
[later] these conclusions have been challenged , it being pointed out that experiments involving the rapid heating and cooling of small individual rocks do not accurately re-create field conditions .

These include surface and soil waters containing cations released during bedrock weathering which have subsequently been concentrated by evaporation , precipitation with a high salt content ( especially in regions near coasts ) , saline ground waters and saline deposits blown inland from the coast or originating in inland saline basins .
these include surface and soil waters containing cations released during bedrock weathering which have [later] been concentrated by evaporation , precipitation with a high salt content ( especially in regions near coasts ) , saline ground waters and saline deposits blown inland from the coast or originating in inland saline basins .

Records were managed in paper form and word processors were tools to create but not subsequently manage records .
records were managed in paper form and word processors were tools to create but not [later] manage records .

Of course , technological developments are not unambiguous and it is crucial that the Archive does not run too quickly with new developments which subsequently prove to have been misguided in some respects .
of course , technological developments are not unambiguous and it is crucial that the archive does not run too quickly with new developments which [later] prove to have been misguided in some respects .

The celebrated ‘ problem of money wages ’ , which had so preoccupied Keynes and , subsequently , Joan Robinson , Richard Kahn , James Meade and Michal Kalecki , resulted from what they suspected would be a changed perception by organized labour of the policy responses of the monetary and fiscal authorities in the wake of the Keynesian revolution .
the celebrated ‘ problem of money wages ’ , which had so preoccupied keynes and , [later] , joan robinson , richard kahn , james meade and michal kalecki , resulted from what they suspected would be a changed perception by organized labour of the policy responses of the monetary and fiscal authorities in the wake of the keynesian revolution .

He will only be entitled to see it if the defendant has agreed to disclose it or , of course , if the defendant subsequently decides to rely on the evidence of the examining doctor .
he will only be entitled to see it if the defendant has agreed to disclose it or , of course , if the defendant [later] decides to rely on the evidence of the examining doctor .

Recognition , which once granted will remain in force for three years , will automatically cease upon liquidation or the making of an administration order under the Insolvency Act 1986 and may be withdrawn by the Council in the event that it is subsequently discovered that it was obtained as a result of any error or fraud .
recognition , which once granted will remain in force for three years , will automatically cease upon liquidation or the making of an administration order under the insolvency act 1986 and may be withdrawn by the council in the event that it is [later] discovered that it was obtained as a result of any error or fraud .

Acts done by a partner outside the normal course of the firm 's business will generally not bind the firm unless his co-partners have expressly authorised or subsequently ratified those acts .
acts done by a partner outside the normal course of the firm 's business will generally not bind the firm unless his co-partners have expressly authorised or [later] ratified those acts .

It will nearly always be easier subsequently to reach agreement to extend the partnership than to persuade an elderly partner to stand down voluntarily before the contractual date : hence the relative unpopularity of agreements which simply permit a partner at his option to retire upon reaching a certain age .
it will nearly always be easier [later] to reach agreement to extend the partnership than to persuade an elderly partner to stand down voluntarily before the contractual date : hence the relative unpopularity of agreements which simply permit a partner at his option to retire upon reaching a certain age .

An expert who does not ensure that the question of fees and expenses is determined in advance might , if the question were subsequently disputed , have to sue both to establish the fact that he was owed money ( either as a matter of contract or quantum meruit ) and to justify the amount .
an expert who does not ensure that the question of fees and expenses is determined in advance might , if the question were [later] disputed , have to sue both to establish the fact that he was owed money ( either as a matter of contract or quantum meruit ) and to justify the amount .

Subject to that , an expert is not prohibited from following these litigation-style procedures , but he would be unwise to do so because the reference may subsequently be held to have been an arbitration and will in any event take longer and be more costly .
subject to that , an expert is not prohibited from following these litigation-style procedures , but he would be unwise to do so because the reference may [later] be held to have been an arbitration and will in any event take longer and be more costly .

This would also serve to separate the lines of responsibility if claims for damages in negligence should subsequently arise .
this would also serve to separate the lines of responsibility if claims for damages in negligence should [later] arise .

In contrast , if , for example , shares are issued to management with no voting rights and subsequently , with no prior agreement , it is resolved to add voting rights to these shares , this would be a chargeable event since it would be the removal of a restriction or the creation of a new right relating to the shares .
in contrast , if , for example , shares are issued to management with no voting rights and [later] , with no prior agreement , it is resolved to add voting rights to these shares , this would be a chargeable event since it would be the removal of a restriction or the creation of a new right relating to the shares .

If the business is subsequently hived up to Newco at less than both cost and market value , this will depress the value of Target 's shares , so that a subsequent disposal of them would realise a loss .
if the business is [later] hived up to newco at less than both cost and market value , this will depress the value of target 's shares , so that a subsequent disposal of them would realise a loss .

If the purchaser himself intends to dispose subsequently of these assets he will prefer to have acquired them at the higher base cost to minimise capital gains or corporation tax on a subsequent disposal .
if the purchaser himself intends to dispose [later] of these assets he will prefer to have acquired them at the higher base cost to minimise capital gains or corporation tax on a subsequent disposal .

The Commission has power to accept undertakings ( and subsequently enforce them ) if it is satisfied that they meet its concerns about the merger .
the commission has power to accept undertakings ( and [later] enforce them ) if it is satisfied that they meet its concerns about the merger .

For the sake of clarity , one possible solution is to provide that the SSAPs to be used are those that applied at a specified date even if changed subsequently between exchange and completion .
for the sake of clarity , one possible solution is to provide that the ssaps to be used are those that applied at a specified date even if changed [later] between exchange and completion .

The vendor should ensure that the sale agreement provides that the purchaser is obliged to pay that part of the price that is not disputed as soon as possible and that interest is paid on the additional amount if any that the purchaser is subsequently required to pay .
the vendor should ensure that the sale agreement provides that the purchaser is obliged to pay that part of the price that is not disputed as soon as possible and that interest is paid on the additional amount if any that the purchaser is [later] required to pay .

Normal arrangements are for the purchaser to be entitled to the interest on the monies subsequently released to it from the retention accounts .
normal arrangements are for the purchaser to be entitled to the interest on the monies [later] released to it from the retention accounts .

( 2 ) The adequacy of pension funding Whether or not an insurer will wish to exclude warranties relating to funding adequacy will depend on whether a recent valuation is available from the managers of the fund and whether the vendor can claim against the valuation if the funding is shown subsequently to be inadequate .
( 2 ) the adequacy of pension funding whether or not an insurer will wish to exclude warranties relating to funding adequacy will depend on whether a recent valuation is available from the managers of the fund and whether the vendor can claim against the valuation if the funding is shown [later] to be inadequate .

Some 9,000 tonnes of molasses leaked into the Nam Pong river in mid-March , subsequently spreading to the Chee and Mool .
some 9,000 tonnes of molasses leaked into the nam pong river in mid-march , [later] spreading to the chee and mool .

Of the 105 countries who originally signed the convention , only 22 have subsequently ratified it .
of the 105 countries who originally signed the convention , only 22 have [later] ratified it .

Divers subsequently succeeded in plugging the leak from the tanker , stopping the flow of oil and preventing a more serious accident .
divers [later] succeeded in plugging the leak from the tanker , stopping the flow of oil and preventing a more serious accident .

Congress duly approved funding of $ 200 million , but subsequently objected to the Defense Department 's initial proposals for projects which could be supported by it .
congress duly approved funding of $ 200 million , but [later] objected to the defense department 's initial proposals for projects which could be supported by it .

The Greens were unable to win a seat at the Strasbourg parliament , although a place was subsequently given to Jean Lambert by European colleagues .
the greens were unable to win a seat at the strasbourg parliament , although a place was [later] given to jean lambert by european colleagues .

At present it is simply pumped into storage tanks for monitoring , and subsequently discharged into the open sea .
at present it is simply pumped into storage tanks for monitoring , and [later] discharged into the open sea .

Les Verts member Marie-Christine Blandin was subsequently elected president of the regional council in Nord-Pas-de-Calais ( long a socialist stronghold ) after the party Les Verts ( which controlled only eight of the 113 seats in the regional council ) refused to support the Socialist candidate .
les verts member marie-christine blandin was [later] elected president of the regional council in nord-pas-de-calais ( long a socialist stronghold ) after the party les verts ( which controlled only eight of the 113 seats in the regional council ) refused to support the socialist candidate .

The scheme was first mooted in 1946 , but subsequently delayed because of disputes between the three states which share the Narmada river 's resources — Gujarat , Maharashtra and Madhya Pradesh .
the scheme was first mooted in 1946 , but [later] delayed because of disputes between the three states which share the narmada river 's resources — gujarat , maharashtra and madhya pradesh .

Subsequently , it believes , it would acceptable to export waste which could not be dealt with in Australia .
[later] , it believes , it would acceptable to export waste which could not be dealt with in australia .

Local people subsequently entered the site in order to loot the metal containers holding the pesticides , and simply poured the contents away .
local people [later] entered the site in order to loot the metal containers holding the pesticides , and simply poured the contents away .

But subsequently negotiators retreated from these targets .
but [later] negotiators retreated from these targets .

The commission 's recommendations were subsequently approved by Parliament and the 1983 general election was fought on the new boundaries .
the commission 's recommendations were [later] approved by parliament and the 1983 general election was fought on the new boundaries .

From that quite informal meeting at the Air Ministry , and others subsequently , the idea of setting up a Target Finding/Marking Force was imperative to the saving of Bomber Command as a vital contribution to winning the war .
from that quite informal meeting at the air ministry , and others [later] , the idea of setting up a target finding/marking force was imperative to the saving of bomber command as a vital contribution to winning the war .

It will be argued subsequently that the present forms of science and technology will in any case give rise to structural unemployment .
it will be argued [later] that the present forms of science and technology will in any case give rise to structural unemployment .

As you are aware , the Minister , Mr. Needham , subsequently offered concessions .
as you are aware , the minister , mr. needham , [later] offered concessions .

Born and brought up in Montmartre , he was educated at the Ecole Polonaise — an establishment described by Henri Babinski , another celebrated Franco-Polish cookery writer , as one of ferocious austerity — and subsequently at the Lycée Condorcet .
born and brought up in montmartre , he was educated at the ecole polonaise — an establishment described by henri babinski , another celebrated franco-polish cookery writer , as one of ferocious austerity — and [later] at the lycée condorcet .

They were 35-foot-long grey whales , who were subsequently seen wallowing in the shallow water at high tide scooping mouthfuls of sand off the beach and straining out the abundant ghost shrimps from it .
they were 35-foot-long grey whales , who were [later] seen wallowing in the shallow water at high tide scooping mouthfuls of sand off the beach and straining out the abundant ghost shrimps from it .

His own sister , Miriam , the Collector probably did not know , had subsequently married Dr McNab and they , too , had remained in India .
his own sister , miriam , the collector probably did not know , had [later] married dr mcnab and they , too , had remained in india .

Subsequently , the land sank again , seas flooded back and deposition restarted .
[later] , the land sank again , seas flooded back and deposition restarted .

The advent of twentieth-century mass propaganda technologies and techniques — heralded in the Great War , developed subsequently in totalitarian regimes ( the Soviet Union , Nazi Germany ) — no less than the development of sound broadcasting in France , led Parliament , after much hesitation , to vote the law of 1923 .
the advent of twentieth-century mass propaganda technologies and techniques — heralded in the great war , developed [later] in totalitarian regimes ( the soviet union , nazi germany ) — no less than the development of sound broadcasting in france , led parliament , after much hesitation , to vote the law of 1923 .

Despite the persona which he subsequently cultivated , he was not an insular Englishman .
despite the persona which he [later] cultivated , he was not an insular englishman .

The outside offices for which his name was subsequently canvassed were all posts in which Lloyd George took little interest .
the outside offices for which his name was [later] canvassed were all posts in which lloyd george took little interest .

So indeed it might have pleased him , for as has subsequently become clear , the best that can be said about the debate , from the Prime Minister 's point of view , is that he had one facet of the truth while General Maurice had another .
so indeed it might have pleased him , for as has [later] become clear , the best that can be said about the debate , from the prime minister 's point of view , is that he had one facet of the truth while general maurice had another .

Baldwin then went to meet her at Victoria Station and walked the half mile to their Eaton Square house with her , describing , as she subsequently wrote to her husband 's mother , what had happened , in slightly breathless terms :
baldwin then went to meet her at victoria station and walked the half mile to their eaton square house with her , describing , as she [later] wrote to her husband 's mother , what had happened , in slightly breathless terms :

They both , to an extent not subsequently equalled until the era of Harold Wilson and Edward Heath , regarded it as the most agreeable perquisite of the premiership .
they both , to an extent not [later] equalled until the era of harold wilson and edward heath , regarded it as the most agreeable perquisite of the premiership .

Austen Chamberlain not merely declined , but did not subsequently forgive Baldwin . Ten days later he wrote to his sister saying that he had been asked to write an essay about Baldwin , but that he had refused , for he wished neither to lie nor to publish the truth , which he then proceeded to outline :
austen chamberlain not merely declined , but did not [later] forgive baldwin . ten days later he wrote to his sister saying that he had been asked to write an essay about baldwin , but that he had refused , for he wished neither to lie nor to publish the truth , which he then proceeded to outline :

This article stated that an objective regime existed where it was the intention of the parties to create general obligations and rights in the overall community interest , provided all States with territorial competence over the area subject to the regime were included among the parties , or subsequently consented .
this article stated that an objective regime existed where it was the intention of the parties to create general obligations and rights in the overall community interest , provided all states with territorial competence over the area subject to the regime were included among the parties , or [later] consented .

Rosenne concluded that the inclusion of jus cogens , along with the distinction that is drawn between treaties that are void ab initio165 and those that can be subsequently avoided , gives the Convention the flexibility that allows for a reconciliation between its dominant bilateralism and the overall community interest .
rosenne concluded that the inclusion of jus cogens , along with the distinction that is drawn between treaties that are void ab initio165 and those that can be [later] avoided , gives the convention the flexibility that allows for a reconciliation between its dominant bilateralism and the overall community interest .

Another device for achieving the result contended for by Lord Finlay might be agency : that is that the allies ( agents ) were acting on behalf of Poland ( principal ) which would subsequently be entitled to claim the benefits of the treaty .
another device for achieving the result contended for by lord finlay might be agency : that is that the allies ( agents ) were acting on behalf of poland ( principal ) which would [later] be entitled to claim the benefits of the treaty .

The terms of the agreement are determined by the parties that concluded it ( in Upper Silesia the Allies ) , and not by the subsequently emergent State .
the terms of the agreement are determined by the parties that concluded it ( in upper silesia the allies ) , and not by the [later] emergent state .

If it subsequently acted contrary to the agreement the parties could not terminate the agreement for material breach and deprive it of statehood , or even modify its rights .
if it [later] acted contrary to the agreement the parties could not terminate the agreement for material breach and deprive it of statehood , or even modify its rights .

It was argued that having accepted these rights , member States could not subsequently claim to be third parties with respect to any obligations of such a treaty .
it was argued that having accepted these rights , member states could not [later] claim to be third parties with respect to any obligations of such a treaty .

It accepted that the administration of the Court ( and subsequently the General Assembly ) acting qua organisation , and not qua member States , had made a decision that did not comply with the formal requirements of the Statute of the Permanent Court of International Justice , but held nevertheless that the Court had jurisdiction .
it accepted that the administration of the court ( and [later] the general assembly ) acting qua organisation , and not qua member states , had made a decision that did not comply with the formal requirements of the statute of the permanent court of international justice , but held nevertheless that the court had jurisdiction .

’ South Africa could not subsequently retreat from that position .
’ south africa could not [later] retreat from that position .

Individuals in the various mandate ( and subsequently trusteeship ) territories were third parties to the treaties entered into ‘ for the well being and development of such peoples ’ .
individuals in the various mandate ( and [later] trusteeship ) territories were third parties to the treaties entered into ‘ for the well being and development of such peoples ’ .

The charger tops up the charge , but subsequently charges only to that top-up percentage , for example 90 per cent of 90 per cent .
the charger tops up the charge , but [later] charges only to that top-up percentage , for example 90 per cent of 90 per cent .

Implicitly , it may be argued , this turned them into collaborators with the Japanese ; although the latter , for their part , were content to maintain the superstructure of French administration even if , as events were subsequently to show , the realities of power were theirs .
implicitly , it may be argued , this turned them into collaborators with the japanese ; although the latter , for their part , were content to maintain the superstructure of french administration even if , as events were [later] to show , the realities of power were theirs .

On the 22nd Gracey 's forces assisted the French in what , despite what was claimed at the time and subsequently , was an almost bloodless coup by which they occupied the Town Hall and other central points ; and two nights after that about a hundred and fifty French civilians , including many women and children , were massacred by Vietnamese who burst into the Cite Heraud district past indifferent Japanese guards .
on the 22nd gracey 's forces assisted the french in what , despite what was claimed at the time and [later] , was an almost bloodless coup by which they occupied the town hall and other central points ; and two nights after that about a hundred and fifty french civilians , including many women and children , were massacred by vietnamese who burst into the cite heraud district past indifferent japanese guards .

Although his actions were widely condemned at the time and subsequently , it is a more open question whether his objectives were so much at odds with those of his government .
although his actions were widely condemned at the time and [later] , it is a more open question whether his objectives were so much at odds with those of his government .

It does not appear in Heath 's brief memorandum of de Lattre 's meeting with Truman but de Lattre subsequently claimed to have been very reassured by the President 's statement : ‘ We would not let Indo-China fall into enemy hands .
it does not appear in heath 's brief memorandum of de lattre 's meeting with truman but de lattre [later] claimed to have been very reassured by the president 's statement : ‘ we would not let indo-china fall into enemy hands .

The Republicans had committed themselves in 1920 to remaining outside the League of Nations , and there was no serious attempt to reverse this policy subsequently .
the republicans had committed themselves in 1920 to remaining outside the league of nations , and there was no serious attempt to reverse this policy [later] .

Lee Harvey Oswald , subsequently arrested for the murder , was a man with a strange past .
lee harvey oswald , [later] arrested for the murder , was a man with a strange past .

Although we can not go into the technicalities of Ohmann 's method , it is worth mentioning that the apparatus he used was that of an earlier version of Transformational Grammar , one which subsequently underwent profound modifications . ``
although we can not go into the technicalities of ohmann 's method , it is worth mentioning that the apparatus he used was that of an earlier version of transformational grammar , one which [later] underwent profound modifications . ``

Unless confidences are shared within a trusting team , problems often fester and subsequently explode .
unless confidences are shared within a trusting team , problems often fester and [later] explode .

Finally , Malcolm Fraser , ex-editor of the Standard and of the Daily Express became first honorary press adviser and subsequently was employed to run the press bureau at the colossal salary of £1,200 .
finally , malcolm fraser , ex-editor of the standard and of the daily express became first honorary press adviser and [later] was employed to run the press bureau at the colossal salary of £1,200 .

They were subsequently published as The Feynman Lectures in Physics .
they were [later] published as the feynman lectures in physics .

When the Committee was subsequently formed , eight of its fourteen members were from the Association .
when the committee was [later] formed , eight of its fourteen members were from the association .

In the person of the ( non-academic ) Henry Newbolt , who subsequently was to chair the Departmental Committee , it found a figure who could articulate many of the themes to which both the fledgling discipline and the Association itself adhered .
in the person of the ( non-academic ) henry newbolt , who [later] was to chair the departmental committee , it found a figure who could articulate many of the themes to which both the fledgling discipline and the association itself adhered .

As a writer on the early days of the Association subsequently noted , the movement tended to work by modes of informal `` social lubrication . ``
as a writer on the early days of the association [later] noted , the movement tended to work by modes of informal `` social lubrication . ``

He subsequently conceded that the views of English formed in the course of his own education at Edinburgh and Oxford had come to be modified in terms of `` Cambridge `` notions .
he [later] conceded that the views of english formed in the course of his own education at edinburgh and oxford had come to be modified in terms of `` cambridge `` notions .

Subsequently he was to make it clear that this is not the language of `` linguistics `` but a form of `` preverbal `` communication .
[later] he was to make it clear that this is not the language of `` linguistics `` but a form of `` preverbal `` communication .

The impact upon English of university growth ( and subsequently growth of non-university higher education ) was considerable .
the impact upon english of university growth ( and [later] growth of non-university higher education ) was considerable .

His own solution is one which was subsequently frequently used by teachers of English .
his own solution is one which was [later] frequently used by teachers of english .

The picture was subsequently exhibited at the National Gallery on a two-year loan basis .
the picture was [later] exhibited at the national gallery on a two-year loan basis .

Subsequently , it became a department store and a bridal veil factory before Peter Brant , owner of Interview and Art in America , embarked upon its renovation .
[later] , it became a department store and a bridal veil factory before peter brant , owner of interview and art in america , embarked upon its renovation .

This difference was caused by the commission paid to Berenson , but which he had not disclosed , and which Gutekunst subsequently advised him to disclose .
this difference was caused by the commission paid to berenson , but which he had not disclosed , and which gutekunst [later] advised him to disclose .

Around 1903 , Colnaghi 's successful informal partnership with Knoedler 's began in an atmosphere which Hall describes as characterised by ‘ an affection and openness unusual among dealers of today ’ , and rested its success on Colnaghi 's ability to supply Old Masters , particularly Dutch seventeenth-century paintings , subsequently purchased by Henry Frick , and which formed the core of his collection .
around 1903 , colnaghi 's successful informal partnership with knoedler 's began in an atmosphere which hall describes as characterised by ‘ an affection and openness unusual among dealers of today ’ , and rested its success on colnaghi 's ability to supply old masters , particularly dutch seventeenth-century paintings , [later] purchased by henry frick , and which formed the core of his collection .

In order to ensure fair play in this situation , those who kept within the regulation in this matter must be the first to be given the option ( ability proven , of course ) of playing for England this winter and subsequently for at least two years .
in order to ensure fair play in this situation , those who kept within the regulation in this matter must be the first to be given the option ( ability proven , of course ) of playing for england this winter and [later] for at least two years .

Bowlers subsequently were more likely to be tearing leather whiskers off the ball .
bowlers [later] were more likely to be tearing leather whiskers off the ball .

Part of these suburbs , if this is an applicable term , was subsequently excavated by Miss Mahany and Mr Steven Taylor and found to be largely industrial .
part of these suburbs , if this is an applicable term , was [later] excavated by miss mahany and mr steven taylor and found to be largely industrial .

Subsequently , in 1899 , Carter was offered the position of Inspector General of Antiquities for Upper Egypt , but his post with the Egyptian Antiquities service came to an abrupt end when he was held responsible for a near diplomatic incident in which disgruntled French tourists assaulted some guards at a site .
[later] , in 1899 , carter was offered the position of inspector general of antiquities for upper egypt , but his post with the egyptian antiquities service came to an abrupt end when he was held responsible for a near diplomatic incident in which disgruntled french tourists assaulted some guards at a site .

Born of parents who mixed three heritages between them African , Hispanic and Chinese he grew up in Cuba and subsequently went on to live in Spain , Italy , Mexico and the United States , stopping long enough in France in the late Thirties to be bouleversé by Surrealism , and by Picasso 's ‘ Les Demoiselles d'Avignon ’ in particular .
born of parents who mixed three heritages between them african , hispanic and chinese he grew up in cuba and [later] went on to live in spain , italy , mexico and the united states , stopping long enough in france in the late thirties to be bouleversé by surrealism , and by picasso 's ‘ les demoiselles d'avignon ’ in particular .

The exhibition is in Münster until 31 May and subsequently at the Wilhelm-Lehmbruck Museum in Duisburg ( 28 June to 9 August ) and Mannheim .
the exhibition is in münster until 31 may and [later] at the wilhelm-lehmbruck museum in duisburg ( 28 june to 9 august ) and mannheim .

Casts of missing fragments have been incorporated into the frieze , as well as an original fragment excavated on the Bassae site by Professor Yalouris and subsequently displayed in the National Archaeological Museum in Athens .
casts of missing fragments have been incorporated into the frieze , as well as an original fragment excavated on the bassae site by professor yalouris and [later] displayed in the national archaeological museum in athens .

In 1989 the National Endowment for the Arts decided to withdraw funds from an exhibition catalogue of his work , but subsequently reversed their decision .
in 1989 the national endowment for the arts decided to withdraw funds from an exhibition catalogue of his work , but [later] reversed their decision .

Found by a farm worker in 1729 , and subsequently broken into pieces , the tray is now thought to have been melted down in the eighteenth century and recast from moulds made from the original tray .
found by a farm worker in 1729 , and [later] broken into pieces , the tray is now thought to have been melted down in the eighteenth century and recast from moulds made from the original tray .

Subsequently we look for and find , or even create , the early signals , we magnify these signals , making catastrophic interpretations and predictions which we may or may not be aware of and we may begin to hyperventilate , thereby creating a full-blown panic attack as the stress glass fills rapidly up .
[later] we look for and find , or even create , the early signals , we magnify these signals , making catastrophic interpretations and predictions which we may or may not be aware of and we may begin to hyperventilate , thereby creating a full-blown panic attack as the stress glass fills rapidly up .

This will only happen , however , if such situations are approached subsequently with decreasing amounts of assistance from medication .
this will only happen , however , if such situations are approached [later] with decreasing amounts of assistance from medication .

Some people are more aware of the goals they are working towards than others and subsequently have a greater sense of direction and purpose .
some people are more aware of the goals they are working towards than others and [later] have a greater sense of direction and purpose .

1 , October 1990 , p. 1 ) ( subsequently reacquired ) , and negotiated with the Kupferstichkabinett , Berlin-Dahlem , in the sale of drawings from the Theodor Allan Heinrich estate , some of which had been looted .
1 , october 1990 , p. 1 ) ( [later] reacquired ) , and negotiated with the kupferstichkabinett , berlin-dahlem , in the sale of drawings from the theodor allan heinrich estate , some of which had been looted .

The case was subsequently dismissed but a rumour arose that Andrew Mellon had done a deal with Roosevelt , offering to build a gallery and give his collection to the nation if the administration would stop hounding him . ]
the case was [later] dismissed but a rumour arose that andrew mellon had done a deal with roosevelt , offering to build a gallery and give his collection to the nation if the administration would stop hounding him . ]

Just how much the London trade valued this piece has subsequently emerged .
just how much the london trade valued this piece has [later] emerged .

Subsequently , on the initiative of Mark Boyle , the international sculptor who exhibits as part of ‘ The Boyle Family ’ , the proposal was accepted in principle by the Arts Council of Great Britain .
[later] , on the initiative of mark boyle , the international sculptor who exhibits as part of ‘ the boyle family ’ , the proposal was accepted in principle by the arts council of great britain .

Part of his success was due to the spectacular tour of the ‘ Greek Slave ’ which began in London in 1845 and subsequently toured the American cities as well as the famous London Crystal Palace Exhibition in 1851 .
part of his success was due to the spectacular tour of the ‘ greek slave ’ which began in london in 1845 and [later] toured the american cities as well as the famous london crystal palace exhibition in 1851 .

The early sociologists established a number of traditions that have subsequently moulded the place of women in sociology .
the early sociologists established a number of traditions that have [later] moulded the place of women in sociology .

The manner in which the interview data is subsequently classified and processed may lead to other kinds of distortion .
the manner in which the interview data is [later] classified and processed may lead to other kinds of distortion .

The true value of a picture lies in its ability to illustrate a point or to act as an eye-catcher both to the editor and subsequently to the reader .
the true value of a picture lies in its ability to illustrate a point or to act as an eye-catcher both to the editor and [later] to the reader .

The motif was most probably introduced into Persia from China — where it had been used for centuries as a symbol of peace and tranquillity — and has subsequently been adapted to fulfil both the schematic and symbolic requirements of Islamic weavers .
the motif was most probably introduced into persia from china — where it had been used for centuries as a symbol of peace and tranquillity — and has [later] been adapted to fulfil both the schematic and symbolic requirements of islamic weavers .

The way is then clear for an astute outside agent to purchase shares , realizing their potential and current values are far apart , and subsequently to make a bid for the remainder , with the eventual aim either of realizing the company 's assets , or putting in new management , and hence getting a return on the investment .
the way is then clear for an astute outside agent to purchase shares , realizing their potential and current values are far apart , and [later] to make a bid for the remainder , with the eventual aim either of realizing the company 's assets , or putting in new management , and hence getting a return on the investment .

Racing on open roads was subsequently banned and the great Paris races came to an end .
racing on open roads was [later] banned and the great paris races came to an end .

Such drawings , along with any handwritten input , can be subsequently edited or annotated , again using the pen ( and a set of freehand gesture-based editing symbols ) .
such drawings , along with any handwritten input , can be [later] edited or annotated , again using the pen ( and a set of freehand gesture-based editing symbols ) .

It is not necessarily essential to design knowledge representation formalisms into which the input text must be translated and subsequently acted upon .
it is not necessarily essential to design knowledge representation formalisms into which the input text must be translated and [later] acted upon .

When a dictionary is indexed , any word that has no entry in the lexicon is ignored ( and subsequently discarded ) .
when a dictionary is indexed , any word that has no entry in the lexicon is ignored ( and [later] discarded ) .

So , probably , does the fact that his concubine of several years ' standing , whom he subsequently married , was the illegitimate daughter of archbishop George Neville .
so , probably , does the fact that his concubine of several years ' standing , whom he [later] married , was the illegitimate daughter of archbishop george neville .

Their Lancastrian sympathies had resulted in the forfeiture of their land early in the 1460s , when much of it was granted to Gloucester , but the de Veres had subsequently reached an accommodation with the new regime and had regained their land before Gloucester came of age .
their lancastrian sympathies had resulted in the forfeiture of their land early in the 1460s , when much of it was granted to gloucester , but the de veres had [later] reached an accommodation with the new regime and had regained their land before gloucester came of age .

With the estates came the service of the existing duchy officials , but the queen was also able to establish her own connection there , and several of her servants and kinsmen were subsequently rewarded from the duchy .
with the estates came the service of the existing duchy officials , but the queen was also able to establish her own connection there , and several of her servants and kinsmen were [later] rewarded from the duchy .

As late as 5 June , the candidates for knighthood at the impending coronation included a number of Hastings ' men and that this was in response to Hastings ' own wishes is suggested by the fact that most were not subsequently knighted at Richard 's coronation .
as late as 5 june , the candidates for knighthood at the impending coronation included a number of hastings ' men and that this was in response to hastings ' own wishes is suggested by the fact that most were not [later] knighted at richard 's coronation .

Much of it has come from work with animals , for here it is possible to arrange particular experiences at particular ages and subsequently test for their effect on the behaviour of mature animals .
much of it has come from work with animals , for here it is possible to arrange particular experiences at particular ages and [later] test for their effect on the behaviour of mature animals .

If , for instance , the animal became imprinted on a tennis ball it might subsequently attempt to mate with other tennis balls !
if , for instance , the animal became imprinted on a tennis ball it might [later] attempt to mate with other tennis balls !

In other words these Guatemalan children show , as do Dennis 's institutionalized infants , that retardation during the first year or two of life is reversible , and that early experiences , however drastic at the time , do not necessarily set up patterns of behaviour that can not subsequently be modified .
in other words these guatemalan children show , as do dennis 's institutionalized infants , that retardation during the first year or two of life is reversible , and that early experiences , however drastic at the time , do not necessarily set up patterns of behaviour that can not [later] be modified .

Its low profile may result from , among other reasons , previous exposure to teachers while the staff nurse was preparing for registration or beyond , the effectiveness or otherwise of such teachers subsequently influencing motivation and enthusiasm in the staff nurse to teach .
its low profile may result from , among other reasons , previous exposure to teachers while the staff nurse was preparing for registration or beyond , the effectiveness or otherwise of such teachers [later] influencing motivation and enthusiasm in the staff nurse to teach .

During 1866 Tokugawa ( Hitotsubashi ) Keiki , whose claims to the office of shogun had been rejected in 1858 on the grounds of precedent , succeeded to the headship of the Tokugawa family and subsequently to the title of shogun .
during 1866 tokugawa ( hitotsubashi ) keiki , whose claims to the office of shogun had been rejected in 1858 on the grounds of precedent , succeeded to the headship of the tokugawa family and [later] to the title of shogun .

The tariff problem was dealt with separately and a tariff convention was subsequently negotiated , but tariff autonomy was not achieved until 1911 .
the tariff problem was dealt with separately and a tariff convention was [later] negotiated , but tariff autonomy was not achieved until 1911 .

Large parts of the Suiheisha were subsequently caught up in the government 's clampdown on radicalism after the mid-1920s .
large parts of the suiheisha were [later] caught up in the government 's clampdown on radicalism after the mid-1920s .

While earlier growth was more dependent on manpower and the recovery factor , increases in working capital and improved techniques played a major role subsequently .
while earlier growth was more dependent on manpower and the recovery factor , increases in working capital and improved techniques played a major role [later] .

During the 1950s-1960s the growth of cities followed the growth of industry , but subsequently intense concern over overcrowding , pollution and transport congestion stimulated revived interest in locating industry away from residential areas , in particular establishing strategic industrial and processing centres on the coast where shipping facilities are convenient .
during the 1950s-1960s the growth of cities followed the growth of industry , but [later] intense concern over overcrowding , pollution and transport congestion stimulated revived interest in locating industry away from residential areas , in particular establishing strategic industrial and processing centres on the coast where shipping facilities are convenient .

It is common for members of each to attend meetings of the others , at least as observers , and sometimes a project initiated by one body is subsequently brought to fruition under the aegis of another .
it is common for members of each to attend meetings of the others , at least as observers , and sometimes a project initiated by one body is [later] brought to fruition under the aegis of another .

We can speak here of the constitutive role of religious beliefs — in the sense that they have constituted an explanation for phenomena that have subsequently proved explicable without theological reference .
we can speak here of the constitutive role of religious beliefs — in the sense that they have constituted an explanation for phenomena that have [later] proved explicable without theological reference .

The nice complication then arises that to entertain the Copernican system seriously as a potentially true physical description , and subsequently to reject it , could be a more radical position than to accept it in the former sense .
the nice complication then arises that to entertain the copernican system seriously as a potentially true physical description , and [later] to reject it , could be a more radical position than to accept it in the former sense .

In the light of the facts which emerged subsequently , he believed that Evans ' execution was not justified and that a mistake had been made .
in the light of the facts which emerged [later] , he believed that evans ' execution was not justified and that a mistake had been made .

This change was much resented , and the Magistrates ' Association , ‘ by now a powerful body , and far removed from the fledgling organization founded by Margery Fry almost half a century before , campaigned ceaselessly until the law was subsequently amended … ‘ .
this change was much resented , and the magistrates ' association , ‘ by now a powerful body , and far removed from the fledgling organization founded by margery fry almost half a century before , campaigned ceaselessly until the law was [later] amended … ‘ .

The inherent conflicts embodied in their creation has subsequently led to their demise in many countries .
the inherent conflicts embodied in their creation has [later] led to their demise in many countries .

Subsequently , the company agreed to independent auditing and has returned to profitability .
[later] , the company agreed to independent auditing and has returned to profitability .

There is thus little duplication of Mr Williamson 's earlier Knights of the Iron Cross , and the entries for the 14 men who do appear in both volumes have been subsequently expanded .
there is thus little duplication of mr williamson 's earlier knights of the iron cross , and the entries for the 14 men who do appear in both volumes have been [later] expanded .

‘ The activities of this detachment of the 15th Fusiliers , and subsequently those of the 25th Regiment , should really be described as the wholesale plundering of the many vehicles in and around the village of every type of valuable .
‘ the activities of this detachment of the 15th fusiliers , and [later] those of the 25th regiment , should really be described as the wholesale plundering of the many vehicles in and around the village of every type of valuable .

While a formal study of the nature and tasks of philosophy , this book is particularly interesting because it projects a theory of knowledge which subsequently provided the foundation for his studies of politics .
while a formal study of the nature and tasks of philosophy , this book is particularly interesting because it projects a theory of knowledge which [later] provided the foundation for his studies of politics .

Although Dicey 's theory played a major role in shaping the dominant tradition , his views are subsequently re-invented in the light of the requirements of this tradition .
although dicey 's theory played a major role in shaping the dominant tradition , his views are [later] re-invented in the light of the requirements of this tradition .

Should the screening test result be confirmed the family are offered genetic counselling and the opportunity to further the diagnostic process , initially by molecular genetic mutation analysis and subsequently by muscle biopsy and dystrophin analysis .
should the screening test result be confirmed the family are offered genetic counselling and the opportunity to further the diagnostic process , initially by molecular genetic mutation analysis and [later] by muscle biopsy and dystrophin analysis .

If they were subsequently found to have an affected son , the apparent failure of the programme would bring it into unjustified disrepute .
if they were [later] found to have an affected son , the apparent failure of the programme would bring it into unjustified disrepute .

Though our screening method is semiquantitative , the seven unconfirmed cases did have creatine kinase values lower than those which were subsequently confirmed as increased on a later venous sample .
though our screening method is semiquantitative , the seven unconfirmed cases did have creatine kinase values lower than those which were [later] confirmed as increased on a later venous sample .

Subsequently , concentrations should be measured every 48–72 hours , depending on the clinical context , previous results , and likely duration of treatment .
[later] , concentrations should be measured every 48–72 hours , depending on the clinical context , previous results , and likely duration of treatment .

Subsequently , we will look at the behaviour of groups and , finally , we will look at how organizations as collections of individuals behave .
[later] , we will look at the behaviour of groups and , finally , we will look at how organizations as collections of individuals behave .

Subsequently , schools , universities and colleges attempt to assess differences in abilities as predictors of student performance .
[later] , schools , universities and colleges attempt to assess differences in abilities as predictors of student performance .

Subsequently the highly rated manager develops creative solutions and provides new insights into problems .
[later] the highly rated manager develops creative solutions and provides new insights into problems .

Subsequently , children distinguish between what is part of themselves and what is not , and internal and external worlds develop .
[later] , children distinguish between what is part of themselves and what is not , and internal and external worlds develop .

Fathers who tell their boys that they will be engineers may be delighted with their success rate , at least initially ( many such sons subsequently flood into business schools to get out of engineering ) .
fathers who tell their boys that they will be engineers may be delighted with their success rate , at least initially ( many such sons [later] flood into business schools to get out of engineering ) .

Such conflicting expectations change the nature of the psychological contract not only for those who survive the redundancy programme but also for those who will join subsequently .
such conflicting expectations change the nature of the psychological contract not only for those who survive the redundancy programme but also for those who will join [later] .

Argument is subsequently minimal as members become aware of the inevitability of the decision they are to make .
argument is [later] minimal as members become aware of the inevitability of the decision they are to make .

Subsequently , these norms are elaborated into structured parts or roles which members play within the group .
[later] , these norms are elaborated into structured parts or roles which members play within the group .

Alternative approaches were subsequently proposed .
alternative approaches were [later] proposed .

We suggest that endometriosis is suppressed during current and recent pill use but that the disease subsequently emerges after the pill is stopped .
we suggest that endometriosis is suppressed during current and recent pill use but that the disease [later] emerges after the pill is stopped .

Also , much practice is based on what was learnt from teaching and vocational training subsequently modified by experience , but does not necessarily reflect current knowledge in all areas — for example , many continue to give repeated routine examination in shared antenatal care .
also , much practice is based on what was learnt from teaching and vocational training [later] modified by experience , but does not necessarily reflect current knowledge in all areas — for example , many continue to give repeated routine examination in shared antenatal care .

The Change Coordinator will record the request in a Changes Log and will subsequently monitor the progress of the change .
the change coordinator will record the request in a changes log and will [later] monitor the progress of the change .

assign a change reference number to the change request . The change reference number will subsequently by used to identify the change
assign a change reference number to the change request . the change reference number will [later] by used to identify the change

As a young radio announcer he had shown a talent for communication that he had subsequently built on during his years in Hollywood and it was also during this period that politics became a consuming interest .
as a young radio announcer he had shown a talent for communication that he had [later] built on during his years in hollywood and it was also during this period that politics became a consuming interest .

And even this journal has rejected papers that subsequently proved to be of exceptional significance .
and even this journal has rejected papers that [later] proved to be of exceptional significance .

If the policy makers are willing to learn from some of the mistakes made in industry , where hasty changes were made which led to a dramatic brain drain subsequently , the unpalatable adjustments that will need to be made in London should create less harm than will otherwise be the case .
if the policy makers are willing to learn from some of the mistakes made in industry , where hasty changes were made which led to a dramatic brain drain [later] , the unpalatable adjustments that will need to be made in london should create less harm than will otherwise be the case .

For entries still current after automatic processing in stage 1 , or subsequently created by lexicographers , the current version number is stored in the Entry table ( WEntry in the case of the Working-Set ) .
for entries still current after automatic processing in stage 1 , or [later] created by lexicographers , the current version number is stored in the entry table ( wentry in the case of the working-set ) .

Funnily enough , many licensed dealers seem very keen to sell shares in companies which subsequently go bust .
funnily enough , many licensed dealers seem very keen to sell shares in companies which [later] go bust .

If they have filled in a card , declaring willing for a dealer to approach them with urgent share recommendations , they are not being cold-called if subsequently telephoned .
if they have filled in a card , declaring willing for a dealer to approach them with urgent share recommendations , they are not being cold-called if [later] telephoned .

Agreement was Subsequently reached out of court .
agreement was [later] reached out of court .

Subsequently , two members of this team complained about their leader to a director : `` He 's slowing us down , `` they moaned . ``
[later] , two members of this team complained about their leader to a director : `` he 's slowing us down , `` they moaned . ``

Subsequently , a serious accident at the company 's water-theme park in Surrey had a detrimental effect on its public profile .
[later] , a serious accident at the company 's water-theme park in surrey had a detrimental effect on its public profile .

Notice the `` partial substitution `` orders ( 18 and 19 ) , provided for instruction modification and subsequently altered to provide certain shifting facilities as well .
notice the `` partial substitution `` orders ( 18 and 19 ) , provided for instruction modification and [later] altered to provide certain shifting facilities as well .

It was first used in readability experiments ( Taylor , 1953 ) , but has subsequently been used for formal and informal testing of reading comprehension , and in a dozen different ways for work in reading development .
it was first used in readability experiments ( taylor , 1953 ) , but has [later] been used for formal and informal testing of reading comprehension , and in a dozen different ways for work in reading development .

What Gordon found was that the passages rewritten by the class containing the most poor readers were the ones which were subsequently found to be the most comprehensible .
what gordon found was that the passages rewritten by the class containing the most poor readers were the ones which were [later] found to be the most comprehensible .

Many parents who began to work with their children complained that the basic schemes they brought home to read were inane , and they subsequently began to share in the choice of books within the classroom .
many parents who began to work with their children complained that the basic schemes they brought home to read were inane , and they [later] began to share in the choice of books within the classroom .

When that was discovered she had been thrown out on the streets , and subsequently forced to live in a brothel .
when that was discovered she had been thrown out on the streets , and [later] forced to live in a brothel .

In studying his continuous transformation groups ( groups whose elements depend upon a system of continuously varying parameters satisfying certain differentiability conditions ) Lie was led naturally to study some non-commutative , non-associative algebras subsequently named after him : Lie Algebras .
in studying his continuous transformation groups ( groups whose elements depend upon a system of continuously varying parameters satisfying certain differentiability conditions ) lie was led naturally to study some non-commutative , non-associative algebras [later] named after him : lie algebras .

In 1801 he became famous in the eyes of the general public by locating the exact position of the newly discovered ( and subsequently lost ! )
in 1801 he became famous in the eyes of the general public by locating the exact position of the newly discovered ( and [later] lost ! )

From 1977 onwards , when Archbishop Romero took office , the church became increasingly identified with the opposition to General Romero 's regime ( no relation ) and subsequently the military juntas and the Christian Democrat Party .
from 1977 onwards , when archbishop romero took office , the church became increasingly identified with the opposition to general romero 's regime ( no relation ) and [later] the military juntas and the christian democrat party .

It is the first layer to be secreted in the cycle of cuticle formation , arising on top of the epidermal microvilli as small plaques which subsequently fuse to cover virtually the whole body .
it is the first layer to be secreted in the cycle of cuticle formation , arising on top of the epidermal microvilli as small plaques which [later] fuse to cover virtually the whole body .

It takes as its baseline the previous attainment of the pupil and indicates what progress has been subsequently made .
it takes as its baseline the previous attainment of the pupil and indicates what progress has been [later] made .

There were also several other schemes for which further information was not subsequently obtained .
there were also several other schemes for which further information was not [later] obtained .

However , where , as in the case of arithmetic , subject matter is defined by characteristic tasks which may be used to assess its attainment , criteria may be written subsequently to test items , as a description of typical items .
however , where , as in the case of arithmetic , subject matter is defined by characteristic tasks which may be used to assess its attainment , criteria may be written [later] to test items , as a description of typical items .

Some pupils who failed on the first occasion might subsequently succeed because of increasing insight into a concept or because a skill has been practised .
some pupils who failed on the first occasion might [later] succeed because of increasing insight into a concept or because a skill has been practised .

Very roughly , my wanting the window open a moment ago is to be understood not only in terms of the stuffiness of the room ( the stimulus ) , and my subsequently opening the window ( behaviour ) , but also in terms of various beliefs , attitudes , and the like , including certain ordinary causal beliefs about open windows and perhaps attitudes having to do with propriety and the neighbours .
very roughly , my wanting the window open a moment ago is to be understood not only in terms of the stuffiness of the room ( the stimulus ) , and my [later] opening the window ( behaviour ) , but also in terms of various beliefs , attitudes , and the like , including certain ordinary causal beliefs about open windows and perhaps attitudes having to do with propriety and the neighbours .

Conway , a probationary police officer , was dismissed from the police force and subsequently brought an action for malicious prosecution against a superior officer .
conway , a probationary police officer , was dismissed from the police force and [later] brought an action for malicious prosecution against a superior officer .

In calculating the time when a review is due , the starting point is : ( a ) where a person is arrested outside the police station ( i ) the time he arrives at the relevant station ; or ( ii ) the time 24 hours after the time of his arrest , whichever is the earlier ; ( b ) where a person attends the police station voluntarily and is subsequently arrested there the time of arrest ; ( c ) where a person is arrested outside England and Wales : ( i ) the time he arrives at the first station to which he is taken in the police area in which the offence for which he has been arrested is being investigated ; or ( ii ) 24 hours after the time of his entry into the country whichever is the earlier ; ( d ) where a person is arrested in another part of the country and has to be taken to the police area where the offence is being investigated for questioning — the time at which he arrived at the first police station in the police area in question .
in calculating the time when a review is due , the starting point is : ( a ) where a person is arrested outside the police station ( i ) the time he arrives at the relevant station ; or ( ii ) the time 24 hours after the time of his arrest , whichever is the earlier ; ( b ) where a person attends the police station voluntarily and is [later] arrested there the time of arrest ; ( c ) where a person is arrested outside england and wales : ( i ) the time he arrives at the first station to which he is taken in the police area in which the offence for which he has been arrested is being investigated ; or ( ii ) 24 hours after the time of his entry into the country whichever is the earlier ; ( d ) where a person is arrested in another part of the country and has to be taken to the police area where the offence is being investigated for questioning — the time at which he arrived at the first police station in the police area in question .

Patients paid some money , and brought a sacrificial animal ( the skin and shoulder of which would be kept subsequently by the priests ) , and slept in male or female dormitories on the hides of their freshly killed sacrificial rams .
patients paid some money , and brought a sacrificial animal ( the skin and shoulder of which would be kept [later] by the priests ) , and slept in male or female dormitories on the hides of their freshly killed sacrificial rams .

McKellar argued that while more than 70 per cent of people answering a questionnaire reported at least one hypnagogic experience the actual incidence may be even higher , as `` it can be overlooked for a very long time even by those who subsequently realize that they have the experience frequently … False negatives seem to occur by a process of ignoring what one is not alerted to notice , as well as from emotional blockage . ``
mckellar argued that while more than 70 per cent of people answering a questionnaire reported at least one hypnagogic experience the actual incidence may be even higher , as `` it can be overlooked for a very long time even by those who [later] realize that they have the experience frequently … false negatives seem to occur by a process of ignoring what one is not alerted to notice , as well as from emotional blockage . ``

By observing the development of embryos it , vitro during this period it is possible to make a rough assignment of their developmental stage since the component blastomeres flatten upon one another ( compact ) at the 8-cell stage but then decompact during mitosis to the 16-cell stage and then subsequently recompact again ( Figure 2 , panels 4–6 ; for timings see Table 1 ) .
by observing the development of embryos it , vitro during this period it is possible to make a rough assignment of their developmental stage since the component blastomeres flatten upon one another ( compact ) at the 8-cell stage but then decompact during mitosis to the 16-cell stage and then [later] recompact again ( figure 2 , panels 4–6 ; for timings see table 1 ) .

The earliest manifestation of fluid transport occurs when the embryo has approximately 32 cells ( Table 1 ) and involves the formation of a fluid-filled vacuole ( or occasionally two vacuoles which enlarge and subsequently coalesce ) .
the earliest manifestation of fluid transport occurs when the embryo has approximately 32 cells ( table 1 ) and involves the formation of a fluid-filled vacuole ( or occasionally two vacuoles which enlarge and [later] coalesce ) .

Subsequently , the folds fuse , transforming the neural plate into a closed tube running the length of the embryo .
[later] , the folds fuse , transforming the neural plate into a closed tube running the length of the embryo .

All instruments are made by first pulling gradually tapered needles which are subsequently modified to produce the requisite implement .
all instruments are made by first pulling gradually tapered needles which are [later] modified to produce the requisite implement .

Not only did they get a promise from the secretary of the men 's union that they would be paid full wages by the union if they came out on strike ( unusual , if not unprecedented for non-members ) but the agreement subsequently signed with Neill 's management included some improvements in their piece rates . ``
not only did they get a promise from the secretary of the men 's union that they would be paid full wages by the union if they came out on strike ( unusual , if not unprecedented for non-members ) but the agreement [later] signed with neill 's management included some improvements in their piece rates . ``

To create a core of schools where good practice embodying these concepts could be seen in operation so that the inservice and information potential could subsequently be tapped for the benefit of all schools .
to create a core of schools where good practice embodying these concepts could be seen in operation so that the inservice and information potential could [later] be tapped for the benefit of all schools .

Change can come about in educational institutions without the change necessarily centring on the curriculum in the first instance , although the curriculum may subsequently be affected .
change can come about in educational institutions without the change necessarily centring on the curriculum in the first instance , although the curriculum may [later] be affected .

Here it was suggested that the school 's investment in areas subsequently utilised by the county for its own particular purposes ( including staff development ) became the basis for reacting angrily to the school 's exclusion from the project .
here it was suggested that the school 's investment in areas [later] utilised by the county for its own particular purposes ( including staff development ) became the basis for reacting angrily to the school 's exclusion from the project .

Prior to project involvement there was a tradition of generous library funding in two of the four schools , and in all four there were keen , imaginative teacher-librarians who subsequently played a major part in developing and sustaining the school 's library policy .
prior to project involvement there was a tradition of generous library funding in two of the four schools , and in all four there were keen , imaginative teacher-librarians who [later] played a major part in developing and sustaining the school 's library policy .

As pointed out earlier , some schools did visit project schools in order to gain insights of use in planning their own proposals , and some were subsequently visited by yet other schools .
as pointed out earlier , some schools did visit project schools in order to gain insights of use in planning their own proposals , and some were [later] visited by yet other schools .

To create a core of schools where good practice embodying these concepts could be seen in operation so that the inservice and information potential could subsequently be tapped for the benefit of all schools .
to create a core of schools where good practice embodying these concepts could be seen in operation so that the inservice and information potential could [later] be tapped for the benefit of all schools .

It does seem to us that the impetus is lost if the library committee is either unable or unwilling to continue its work or if key individuals in the project subsequently leave the school .
it does seem to us that the impetus is lost if the library committee is either unable or unwilling to continue its work or if key individuals in the project [later] leave the school .

If Compact goals are framed carefully and sensitively they should demonstrate , for successful students , evidence that they will subsequently prove to be reliable , conscientious and creative at work .
if compact goals are framed carefully and sensitively they should demonstrate , for successful students , evidence that they will [later] prove to be reliable , conscientious and creative at work .

In 1889 , the counties were given additional responsibilities and subsequently the four largest cities became counties of cities — the equivalent of the English county boroughs .
in 1889 , the counties were given additional responsibilities and [later] the four largest cities became counties of cities — the equivalent of the english county boroughs .

Subsequently , the Local Authority Social Services Act 1970 provided for the combination of the children 's department with other local authority social work services into new social service departments ( Sainsbury 1977:27 — 33 ) .
[later] , the local authority social services act 1970 provided for the combination of the children 's department with other local authority social work services into new social service departments ( sainsbury 1977:27 — 33 ) .

Under pressure from the High Court some of the councillors subsequently voted to resume normal working but the action was undoubtedly a severe embarrassment to the central government .
under pressure from the high court some of the councillors [later] voted to resume normal working but the action was undoubtedly a severe embarrassment to the central government .

After providing music for the Druid Theatre 's production of Behan 's ‘ The Hostage ’ , she was invited to join Johnny McDonagh 's new group Arcady , and subsequently toured the world for eighteen months with The Waterboys , as well as contributing to their ‘ Room To Roam ’ album .
after providing music for the druid theatre 's production of behan 's ‘ the hostage ’ , she was invited to join johnny mcdonagh 's new group arcady , and [later] toured the world for eighteen months with the waterboys , as well as contributing to their ‘ room to roam ’ album .

He also realises that as Talk Talk become more and more embroiled in their lush musical underbelly , in the process becoming increasingly alienating for the average pop fan , his record sales , and subsequently his budget , will inevitably get less and less .
he also realises that as talk talk become more and more embroiled in their lush musical underbelly , in the process becoming increasingly alienating for the average pop fan , his record sales , and [later] his budget , will inevitably get less and less .

Even forgetting the music , there 's nothing more soul destroying than discovering that the constituent parts of the lean , mean Rock'n'Roll machine you worshipped as a kid have subsequently developed beer bellies , a penchant for incontinence wear and an alarming tendency to part their hair Jack Charlton- style an inch and a half above the right ear .
even forgetting the music , there 's nothing more soul destroying than discovering that the constituent parts of the lean , mean rock'n'roll machine you worshipped as a kid have [later] developed beer bellies , a penchant for incontinence wear and an alarming tendency to part their hair jack charlton- style an inch and a half above the right ear .

Subsequently , boats to Palmer 's plan were supplied to Peel ( 1829 ) and Ramsey ( 1830 ) .
[later] , boats to palmer 's plan were supplied to peel ( 1829 ) and ramsey ( 1830 ) .

His Arctic voyage was subsequently prolonged to make a complete anti-clockwise circumnavigation of the American continent , via Cape Horn , a voyage completed in the summer of 1979 .
his arctic voyage was [later] prolonged to make a complete anti-clockwise circumnavigation of the american continent , via cape horn , a voyage completed in the summer of 1979 .

Though his first political sympathies were with the Union and the right-wing of the Conservative party , William Joyce subsequently held English misgovernment to blame for the loss of Ireland .
though his first political sympathies were with the union and the right-wing of the conservative party , william joyce [later] held english misgovernment to blame for the loss of ireland .

Though Mosley was represented to future generations as if he had been no more than a gutter politician and demagogue , the truth was that he had first attracted sympathy — if not support from many political figures who were subsequently to disown him .
though mosley was represented to future generations as if he had been no more than a gutter politician and demagogue , the truth was that he had first attracted sympathy — if not support from many political figures who were [later] to disown him .

He subsequently fought and held his parliamentary seat against his former party .
he [later] fought and held his parliamentary seat against his former party .

Later , if the people endorsed the proposal by their vote , the parliamentary system might be replaced by a corporate state along the lines that Franco 's Spain was subsequently to follow .
later , if the people endorsed the proposal by their vote , the parliamentary system might be replaced by a corporate state along the lines that franco 's spain was [later] to follow .

Subsequently he kept watch on Joyce ‘ s National Socialist League , even to the extent of infiltrating it as a member .
[later] he kept watch on joyce ‘ s national socialist league , even to the extent of infiltrating it as a member .

On a date which he could not subsequently remember but which was before 3 October 1939 , he was tuning in his radio , when he heard a familiar voice .
on a date which he could not [later] remember but which was before 3 october 1939 , he was tuning in his radio , when he heard a familiar voice .

According to Lincoln 's recollection subsequently , he glanced at a map in his office and decided within ten seconds that the 38th parallel was the correct demarcation line between the zones of American and Soviet occupation .
according to lincoln 's recollection [later] , he glanced at a map in his office and decided within ten seconds that the 38th parallel was the correct demarcation line between the zones of american and soviet occupation .

He gave as an example the ‘ Union of Building and Repair Workers of Korea ’ with an alleged membership of over one million , which was challenged by the Soviet delegation ; subsequently the American delegation conceded it did not exist .
he gave as an example the ‘ union of building and repair workers of korea ’ with an alleged membership of over one million , which was challenged by the soviet delegation ; [later] the american delegation conceded it did not exist .

Kim put forward a blend of Russian and Chinese approaches , which marked the beginning of the independent and sometimes eccentric path subsequently trodden by Kim .
kim put forward a blend of russian and chinese approaches , which marked the beginning of the independent and sometimes eccentric path [later] trodden by kim .

The advantages of work appear to keep women in the work-force even when circumstances subsequently become less favourable ( Joshi and Owen 1985 ) .
the advantages of work appear to keep women in the work-force even when circumstances [later] become less favourable ( joshi and owen 1985 ) .

These estimates assume eight years out of work altogether and twelve years ' part-time work subsequently .
these estimates assume eight years out of work altogether and twelve years ' part-time work [later] .

Another 15-year-old youth , arrested for an entirely separate offence — pushing people off the pavement — was also subsequently charged , and the upshot was that five youths ( including one 15-year-old girl ) received prison sentences ranging from three weeks to six months .
another 15-year-old youth , arrested for an entirely separate offence — pushing people off the pavement — was also [later] charged , and the upshot was that five youths ( including one 15-year-old girl ) received prison sentences ranging from three weeks to six months .

Many documents , subsequently lost or destroyed , were still in circulation and intact .
many documents , [later] lost or destroyed , were still in circulation and intact .

They were steeped in what today might be called ‘ esoteric studies ’ , such as astrology , numerology and the various disciplines which subsequently coalesce into the Cabala .
they were steeped in what today might be called ‘ esoteric studies ’ , such as astrology , numerology and the various disciplines which [later] coalesce into the cabala .

The midday sun at the time appears to have acted more dramatically than it subsequently does with mad dogs and Englishmen .
the midday sun at the time appears to have acted more dramatically than it [later] does with mad dogs and englishmen .

His personal position almost certainly mirrors that of numerous others who gravitated from James to Paul , from a form of Judaism to the increasingly autonomous new religion subsequently called Christianity .
his personal position almost certainly mirrors that of numerous others who gravitated from james to paul , from a form of judaism to the increasingly autonomous new religion [later] called christianity .

It is thus not difficult to understand why Paul 's essentially ‘ pagan ’ cult should have been so persuasive , nor why it should subsequently have triumphed over the less comforting position of the Nazarean dynasty — of James and ultimately of Jesus himself .
it is thus not difficult to understand why paul 's essentially ‘ pagan ’ cult should have been so persuasive , nor why it should [later] have triumphed over the less comforting position of the nazarean dynasty — of james and ultimately of jesus himself .

Ironically , this principle of a dual secular and spiritual authority would subsequently find expression in Western Europe through the Holy Roman Empire , wherein the emperor wielded a temporal sceptre and claimed descent from David while the pope exercised spiritual authority as interpreter of God 's law .
ironically , this principle of a dual secular and spiritual authority would [later] find expression in western europe through the holy roman empire , wherein the emperor wielded a temporal sceptre and claimed descent from david while the pope exercised spiritual authority as interpreter of god 's law .

Among modern believers , it is generally assumed that once upon a time there was a ‘ pure ’ form of Christianity preached by Paul , from which various ‘ deviations ’ — that is , ‘ heresies ’ — subsequently occurred .
among modern believers , it is generally assumed that once upon a time there was a ‘ pure ’ form of christianity preached by paul , from which various ‘ deviations ’ — that is , ‘ heresies ’ — [later] occurred .

Subsequently , after a series of meetings initiated by the then Director of Social Services , the Wirral Committee on Solvent Abuse was set up .
[later] , after a series of meetings initiated by the then director of social services , the wirral committee on solvent abuse was set up .

Against this backcloth , the first phase was taking shape , and in October 1983 the problem of heroin use was raised in the local Council , initially in the Education Committee and subsequently in the main Policy and Resources Committee .
against this backcloth , the first phase was taking shape , and in october 1983 the problem of heroin use was raised in the local council , initially in the education committee and [later] in the main policy and resources committee .

It also allows us to forecast that prevalence will also subsequently begin to decline .
it also allows us to forecast that prevalence will also [later] begin to decline .

The ‘ pressure ’ in these cases was both internal , with individuals feeling the need to conform to what had become the ‘ norm ’ in their social group , and also external , with individuals being urged to conform and , given the nature of heroin use , subsequently excluded from the group if they did not .
the ‘ pressure ’ in these cases was both internal , with individuals feeling the need to conform to what had become the ‘ norm ’ in their social group , and also external , with individuals being urged to conform and , given the nature of heroin use , [later] excluded from the group if they did not .

Obviously , the length of time between first use and second use and , subsequently , between first use and daily use , is intimately related to a number of personal and social factors .
obviously , the length of time between first use and second use and , [later] , between first use and daily use , is intimately related to a number of personal and social factors .

Thus the way in which a particular individual came to the decision to seek help has an important bearing on what happens subsequently .
thus the way in which a particular individual came to the decision to seek help has an important bearing on what happens [later] .

Thirty-six of the unemployed ( 62 per cent ) had never worked since leaving school , while the rest had had at least one job during that time , but had subsequently become unemployed .
thirty-six of the unemployed ( 62 per cent ) had never worked since leaving school , while the rest had had at least one job during that time , but had [later] become unemployed .

We will make all your hotel bookings and arrange the tour for you , but it will not be possible to change the hotels subsequently .
we will make all your hotel bookings and arrange the tour for you , but it will not be possible to change the hotels [later] .

The Court of Appeal has , however , subsequently held that in the exceptional cases in which a Mareva injunction might be granted in support of a foreign judgment or arbitration award ( enforcement of which is being sought in England ) the injunction will normally be limited to assets in England .
the court of appeal has , however , [later] held that in the exceptional cases in which a mareva injunction might be granted in support of a foreign judgment or arbitration award ( enforcement of which is being sought in england ) the injunction will normally be limited to assets in england .

One closely related question has also been the subject of much recent discussion . If a request is made to obtain evidence abroad for use in what are clearly civil proceedings , is it a sufficient ground for rejecting the request that there is a possibility that the evidence might subsequently be used in the requesting country in a criminal matter ?
one closely related question has also been the subject of much recent discussion . if a request is made to obtain evidence abroad for use in what are clearly civil proceedings , is it a sufficient ground for rejecting the request that there is a possibility that the evidence might [later] be used in the requesting country in a criminal matter ?

Unless subsequently agreed in writing , the charges relating to booking shall be those expected to be current at the time of the conference .
unless [later] agreed in writing , the charges relating to booking shall be those expected to be current at the time of the conference .

One of the most interesting theoretical propositions about ageing and health status has been proposed by Fries ( 1980 ) in an article in the New England Journal of Medicine and subsequently developed in more detail ( Fries and Crapo 1981 ) .
one of the most interesting theoretical propositions about ageing and health status has been proposed by fries ( 1980 ) in an article in the new england journal of medicine and [later] developed in more detail ( fries and crapo 1981 ) .

Subsequently the government ‘ capped ’ the amount of money it would pay in private care fees .
[later] the government ‘ capped ’ the amount of money it would pay in private care fees .

Action on the basis of such prescription , however , can subsequently lead to changing definitions of the situation which in turn will alter the directions of conduct .
action on the basis of such prescription , however , can [later] lead to changing definitions of the situation which in turn will alter the directions of conduct .

Subsequently , family friends and biographers have tried to minimize the effect .
[later] , family friends and biographers have tried to minimize the effect .

They see their own needs as greed and subsequently feel guilty about caring for themselves .
they see their own needs as greed and [later] feel guilty about caring for themselves .

He tried to go solo but was quickly apprehended and subsequently jailed .
he tried to go solo but was quickly apprehended and [later] jailed .

Hans had never really recovered from a near fatal case of tuberculosis as a child which had subsequently left him susceptible to infection .
hans had never really recovered from a near fatal case of tuberculosis as a child which had [later] left him susceptible to infection .

When the film 's subsequently developed the degree of darkening reveals the radiation dose received .
when the film 's [later] developed the degree of darkening reveals the radiation dose received .

He was initially given a senior position at the Command Centre in the United Nations but when the head of the European operation died in a car crash … which was subsequently proved to have been an accident and not sabotage as originally thought … Philpott surprised many of his team by appointing him , and not Kolchinsky , as the dead man 's successor .
he was initially given a senior position at the command centre in the united nations but when the head of the european operation died in a car crash … which was [later] proved to have been an accident and not sabotage as originally thought … philpott surprised many of his team by appointing him , and not kolchinsky , as the dead man 's successor .

His success rate was obvious by the number of struggling competitors , many of whom he subsequently bought out to add to his ever growing empire …
his success rate was obvious by the number of struggling competitors , many of whom he [later] bought out to add to his ever growing empire …

’ Similarly , lawyers dislike the economic theorists ' overt ‘ calculatedness ’ whereby human conduct is subjected to , and subsequently given , quantification and rational explanation .
’ similarly , lawyers dislike the economic theorists ' overt ‘ calculatedness ’ whereby human conduct is subjected to , and [later] given , quantification and rational explanation .

is that a person who acts as a representative of another is in a conflict of interest situation if , either at the time when he accepts appointment or subsequently while he acts as a representative , there is a material interest of his own or of a third person for whom he also acts , and the pursuit or protection of that interest would create a substantial risk that he may not act in the best way to pursue or protect the interest of the person he represents .
is that a person who acts as a representative of another is in a conflict of interest situation if , either at the time when he accepts appointment or [later] while he acts as a representative , there is a material interest of his own or of a third person for whom he also acts , and the pursuit or protection of that interest would create a substantial risk that he may not act in the best way to pursue or protect the interest of the person he represents .

Conflict : The bank may be able to circumvent these ceilings by lending to a third party who subsequently re-lends to the securities division .
conflict : the bank may be able to circumvent these ceilings by lending to a third party who [later] re-lends to the securities division .

No information was available on placental size or other indicators of in utero nutrition , and subnormal prenatal nutrition of those who subsequently became diabetic can not be excluded .
no information was available on placental size or other indicators of in utero nutrition , and subnormal prenatal nutrition of those who [later] became diabetic can not be excluded .

What is the point of sending the article to learned referees if it is subsequently going to be altered without warning ?
what is the point of sending the article to learned referees if it is [later] going to be altered without warning ?

Neither the college 's report nor Kay 's and Smith 's articles amount to anything like a valid review of clinical ecology — still less does the use in court , against the college 's wishes , of a draft report that was subsequently withdrawn as being unsatisfactory .
neither the college 's report nor kay 's and smith 's articles amount to anything like a valid review of clinical ecology — still less does the use in court , against the college 's wishes , of a draft report that was [later] withdrawn as being unsatisfactory .

As undergraduates they are often exposed to uninspired lecturing from academics , and subsequently many struggle to assimilate the minutiae of medicine in the ( false ) belief that this will ensure an easy passage through the membership examination .
as undergraduates they are often exposed to uninspired lecturing from academics , and [later] many struggle to assimilate the minutiae of medicine in the ( false ) belief that this will ensure an easy passage through the membership examination .

The Association of Professors of Surgery has advised that every surgical trainee should undertake a period of full time research training , but it must be borne in mind that most surgeons will not subsequently perform laboratory research .
the association of professors of surgery has advised that every surgical trainee should undertake a period of full time research training , but it must be borne in mind that most surgeons will not [later] perform laboratory research .

The strange three-ship combination , representing pre- and immediate post-war sporting aviation and from both sides of the Atlantic , earned appreciative stares and subsequently similarly enthusiastic comments from the restoration team waiting on the ground outside the hangar below .
the strange three-ship combination , representing pre- and immediate post-war sporting aviation and from both sides of the atlantic , earned appreciative stares and [later] similarly enthusiastic comments from the restoration team waiting on the ground outside the hangar below .

Subsequently , the collars were fully turned down to the conventional collar of today , while the cravats were transformed into bow-ties .
[later] , the collars were fully turned down to the conventional collar of today , while the cravats were transformed into bow-ties .

’ Everything that happened subsequently — even his famous break with Sartre , for whom there was nothing but history — is drenched in this early experience of poverty and sunlight .
’ everything that happened [later] — even his famous break with sartre , for whom there was nothing but history — is drenched in this early experience of poverty and sunlight .

Secondly , when governments spend in excess of taxation receipts the budget deficit incurred will be reduced as income levels rise and taxation receipts subsequently increase .
secondly , when governments spend in excess of taxation receipts the budget deficit incurred will be reduced as income levels rise and taxation receipts [later] increase .

Because of continuing unemployment , the out-of-work donation was subsequently extended for further periods although the amounts paid were lower after November 1920 , by which time only ex-servicemen were eligible .
because of continuing unemployment , the out-of-work donation was [later] extended for further periods although the amounts paid were lower after november 1920 , by which time only ex-servicemen were eligible .

( Perhaps there are analogies here with occupations which open up membership to women and subsequently decline in status and pay . )
( perhaps there are analogies here with occupations which open up membership to women and [later] decline in status and pay . )

The institution of conscience was at bottom an embodiment first of parental criticism and subsequently that of society … .
the institution of conscience was at bottom an embodiment first of parental criticism and [later] that of society … .

At the surrender of Bergerac in August 1345 , for instance , Lancaster is said to have taken loot worth 52,000 marks , which he subsequently spent on his palace of the Savoy in London .
at the surrender of bergerac in august 1345 , for instance , lancaster is said to have taken loot worth 52,000 marks , which he [later] spent on his palace of the savoy in london .

Some of this money was pocketed by the English captain there , Thomas Catterton , who was regarded as an accomplice to the deal and was subsequently accused of treason .
some of this money was pocketed by the english captain there , thomas catterton , who was regarded as an accomplice to the deal and was [later] accused of treason .

And subsequently cut me dead .
and [later] cut me dead .

The company says it has no intention of replacing the suspect part before operation but it will take remedial action if cracks subsequently develop .
the company says it has no intention of replacing the suspect part before operation but it will take remedial action if cracks [later] develop .

Clapp subsequently lost heavily to Suffolk 's Colin Gathercole in the afternoon , however , to leave Essex needing the last two matches to go the right way .
clapp [later] lost heavily to suffolk 's colin gathercole in the afternoon , however , to leave essex needing the last two matches to go the right way .

Professor Bruno Fedi , winner of a World Health Organisation prize , has said : ‘ Every discovery derives from observations on humans , which are subsequently duplicated in animals , and whenever the results happen to concur , their discovery is attributed to animal experimentation . ’
professor bruno fedi , winner of a world health organisation prize , has said : ‘ every discovery derives from observations on humans , which are [later] duplicated in animals , and whenever the results happen to concur , their discovery is attributed to animal experimentation . ’

You must not subsequently display or offer it for sale as your own work !
you must not [later] display or offer it for sale as your own work !

MacDiarmid , the nom de plume of Christopher Murray Grieve ( 1892–1978 ) , the major figure in Scottish literature of this century , destroyed most of his manuscripts when he left Whalsey at the beginning of 1942 ; this collection consists of what he kept then and what he wrote subsequently .
macdiarmid , the nom de plume of christopher murray grieve ( 1892–1978 ) , the major figure in scottish literature of this century , destroyed most of his manuscripts when he left whalsey at the beginning of 1942 ; this collection consists of what he kept then and what he wrote [later] .

As a result , there is a much improved knowledge of the foreign maps , and a subsequently enriched service to users .
as a result , there is a much improved knowledge of the foreign maps , and a [later] enriched service to users .

This was done not without trepidation , for the experience of preparing and presenting a proposal for external validation was new to the College and it was recognised that the development of the proposals , and subsequently of the course , in the very limited time scale necessitated by the speed of the Programme , would create major workload problems .
this was done not without trepidation , for the experience of preparing and presenting a proposal for external validation was new to the college and it was recognised that the development of the proposals , and [later] of the course , in the very limited time scale necessitated by the speed of the programme , would create major workload problems .

Subsequently qualifications which indicate the holder 's ability to carry out the elements defined in the job description are identified .
[later] qualifications which indicate the holder 's ability to carry out the elements defined in the job description are identified .

‘ Modules studied ’ refers to the number of individual module enrolments which were active during the session , excluding those which were subsequently withdrawn .
‘ modules studied ’ refers to the number of individual module enrolments which were active during the session , excluding those which were [later] withdrawn .

The insured must bear the costs of the Engineers fees unless liability is subsequently established under the policy .
the insured must bear the costs of the engineers fees unless liability is [later] established under the policy .

Similarly , it the Insured considered the risk to the camera but decided that it would be safer in a locked car than taking it to where he was going he could demonstrate that precautions were taken even if they subsequently proved inadequate and the car was broken into and the camera stolen .
similarly , it the insured considered the risk to the camera but decided that it would be safer in a locked car than taking it to where he was going he could demonstrate that precautions were taken even if they [later] proved inadequate and the car was broken into and the camera stolen .

the injured leg was subsequently amputated , later followed by amputation of the : other leg .
the injured leg was [later] amputated , later followed by amputation of the : other leg .

For example , if the Insured goes swimming and leaves valuables in the care of a companion who subsequently falls asleep and the property is stolen , the duty of care will be fulfilled .
for example , if the insured goes swimming and leaves valuables in the care of a companion who [later] falls asleep and the property is stolen , the duty of care will be fulfilled .

If Policyholder is subsequently found to be alive then any monies paid out shall be refunded .
if policyholder is [later] found to be alive then any monies paid out shall be refunded .

She works in Bank of Ireland , 85 James ' Street , Dublin , having joined at Clearing Department , Cabinteely in October 1978 and subsequently worked in St. Stephen 's Green branch and in Batch Centre , 34 College Green until her transfer to James ' Street in November 1987 .
she works in bank of ireland , 85 james ' street , dublin , having joined at clearing department , cabinteely in october 1978 and [later] worked in st. stephen 's green branch and in batch centre , 34 college green until her transfer to james ' street in november 1987 .

Two non-constituency Council seats were designated for financial services and for sole practitioner representation , and following a resolution at last year 's Annual General Meeting , the Society made an initial pump-priming grant to a newly formed sole practitioners ' group which subsequently achieved Law Society group status .
two non-constituency council seats were designated for financial services and for sole practitioner representation , and following a resolution at last year 's annual general meeting , the society made an initial pump-priming grant to a newly formed sole practitioners ' group which [later] achieved law society group status .

The inspection is thorough ; it excludes only a structural survey , unless this is subsequently felt to be necessary because of apparent defects .
the inspection is thorough ; it excludes only a structural survey , unless this is [later] felt to be necessary because of apparent defects .

For example , if Linford Christie were a man of such deep religious beliefs that he would not compete on a Sunday and subsequently found out that a qualifying round of the 100m was to be held on a Sunday , he would have to think long and hard before deciding to run the 400m .
for example , if linford christie were a man of such deep religious beliefs that he would not compete on a sunday and [later] found out that a qualifying round of the 100m was to be held on a sunday , he would have to think long and hard before deciding to run the 400m .

The Railway Inn closed and has subsequently been re-opened .
the railway inn closed and has [later] been re-opened .

You will recall that the application was subsequently amended to 89 houses ( 62 houses and 27 flats ) .
you will recall that the application was [later] amended to 89 houses ( 62 houses and 27 flats ) .

The Structure Plan Review ( to 2005 ) , under preparation , will not achieve significant levels of materiality until well after the initial Consultative Draft stage , indeed , until Lothian Regional Council has publicly determined its support for the premises , assumptions , forecasts , policies and proposals developed through the public participation process and subsequently supported by the Director of Planning .
the structure plan review ( to 2005 ) , under preparation , will not achieve significant levels of materiality until well after the initial consultative draft stage , indeed , until lothian regional council has publicly determined its support for the premises , assumptions , forecasts , policies and proposals developed through the public participation process and [later] supported by the director of planning .

Where the ophthalmic optician subsequently prescribes special corrective appliances solely to correct vision defects at the viewing distances used specifically for the display screen work concerned , and where normal corrective appliances ( ie those prescribed for any other purposes ) can not be used , during this interim period , a Head of Department will refund such costs up to a maximum of £50 .
where the ophthalmic optician [later] prescribes special corrective appliances solely to correct vision defects at the viewing distances used specifically for the display screen work concerned , and where normal corrective appliances ( ie those prescribed for any other purposes ) can not be used , during this interim period , a head of department will refund such costs up to a maximum of £50 .

The Allocations Office maintains a register of approved board lodgings and self-catering bedsits , all of which are inspected before inclusion in the register and visited subsequently to ensure that correct standards are being maintained .
the allocations office maintains a register of approved board lodgings and self-catering bedsits , all of which are inspected before inclusion in the register and visited [later] to ensure that correct standards are being maintained .

Subsequently , many opportunities exist to specialise , for example , in intensive care , in midwifery or in community psychiatric nursing .
[later] , many opportunities exist to specialise , for example , in intensive care , in midwifery or in community psychiatric nursing .

The model for Marx himself was the Paris Commune of March-May 1871 , though he subsequently dismissed it as merely an uprising , and not even a socialist one ( Lichtheim 1964 , pp .
the model for marx himself was the paris commune of march-may 1871 , though he [later] dismissed it as merely an uprising , and not even a socialist one ( lichtheim 1964 , pp .

This was extended subsequently several times ( Sklair , 1988b ) .
this was extended [later] several times ( sklair , 1988b ) .

Subsequently her sister and three of her brothers were seen .
[later] her sister and three of her brothers were seen .

Of the 16 patients , three died at the time of their first hospital admission and five died subsequently .
of the 16 patients , three died at the time of their first hospital admission and five died [later] .

In high risk patients , dilatation was initially done under fluoroscopic control , subsequently in most patients the procedure was done without the fluoroscopy .
in high risk patients , dilatation was initially done under fluoroscopic control , [later] in most patients the procedure was done without the fluoroscopy .

Subsequently pelvic abscesses , perineal fistulas , and persisting diarrhoea necessitated excision of the rectum and formation of a permanent ileostomy in October 1989 , but the perineal problems failed to resolve .
[later] pelvic abscesses , perineal fistulas , and persisting diarrhoea necessitated excision of the rectum and formation of a permanent ileostomy in october 1989 , but the perineal problems failed to resolve .

He myasthenia subsequently responded and pyridostigmine was withdrawn .
he myasthenia [later] responded and pyridostigmine was withdrawn .

At the time of our patient 's presentation a survey of published works did not show any cases with both conditions , but subsequently a single case has been reported , suggesting that any association is likely to be weak .
at the time of our patient 's presentation a survey of published works did not show any cases with both conditions , but [later] a single case has been reported , suggesting that any association is likely to be weak .

She was referred for an urgent orthotopic liver transplant , which was subsequently performed .
she was referred for an urgent orthotopic liver transplant , which was [later] performed .

These progenitors subsequently give rise to at least nine distinct differentiated cell types .
these progenitors [later] give rise to at least nine distinct differentiated cell types .

Tumour-suppressor genes have been implicated in an increasing number of solid cancers , and some of these genes have subsequently been found to be inactivated in haematological malignancies .
tumour-suppressor genes have been implicated in an increasing number of solid cancers , and some of these genes have [later] been found to be inactivated in haematological malignancies .

So , probably , does the fact that his concubine of several years ' standing , whom he subsequently married , was the illegitimate daughter of archbishop George Neville .
so , probably , does the fact that his concubine of several years ' standing , whom he [later] married , was the illegitimate daughter of archbishop george neville .

Their Lancastrian sympathies had resulted in the forfeiture of their land early in the 1460s , when much of it was granted to Gloucester , but the de Veres had subsequently reached an accommodation with the new regime and had regained their land before Gloucester came of age .
their lancastrian sympathies had resulted in the forfeiture of their land early in the 1460s , when much of it was granted to gloucester , but the de veres had [later] reached an accommodation with the new regime and had regained their land before gloucester came of age .

With the estates came the service of the existing duchy officials , but the queen was also able to establish her own connection there , and several of her servants and kinsmen were subsequently rewarded from the duchy .
with the estates came the service of the existing duchy officials , but the queen was also able to establish her own connection there , and several of her servants and kinsmen were [later] rewarded from the duchy .

As late as 5 June , the candidates for knighthood at the impending coronation included a number of Hastings ' men and that this was in response to Hastings ' own wishes is suggested by the fact that most were not subsequently knighted at Richard 's coronation .
as late as 5 june , the candidates for knighthood at the impending coronation included a number of hastings ' men and that this was in response to hastings ' own wishes is suggested by the fact that most were not [later] knighted at richard 's coronation .

There are many well documented cases in which a seemingly benign stricture on radiological grounds has been subsequently shown to be malignant .
there are many well documented cases in which a seemingly benign stricture on radiological grounds has been [later] shown to be malignant .

Such patients were subsequently managed by long term sclerotherapy using the regime outlined earlier .
such patients were [later] managed by long term sclerotherapy using the regime outlined earlier .

This included a third patient who bled after randomisation and before surgery and who subsequently rebled four months after the operation .
this included a third patient who bled after randomisation and before surgery and who [later] rebled four months after the operation .

If , despite this procedure , cannulation subsequently fails , a repeat attempt at cannulation will often be successful a few days later when the oedema has subsided .
if , despite this procedure , cannulation [later] fails , a repeat attempt at cannulation will often be successful a few days later when the oedema has subsided .

Subsequently , they have been reported to be as effective as corticosteroids in treating patients with active Crohn 's disease , and one controlled , but non-randomised trial suggested that elemental diet was actually superior to corticosteroid treatment .
[later] , they have been reported to be as effective as corticosteroids in treating patients with active crohn 's disease , and one controlled , but non-randomised trial suggested that elemental diet was actually superior to corticosteroid treatment .

The transhepatic parenchymal tract was subsequently dilated wth an 8 mm angioplasty balloon ; on initial inflation a characteristic sharp waste related to the dense periportal fibrosis was seen ( Fig 3 ) .
the transhepatic parenchymal tract was [later] dilated wth an 8 mm angioplasty balloon ; on initial inflation a characteristic sharp waste related to the dense periportal fibrosis was seen ( fig 3 ) .

Together with van de Kamer and Weyers , he subsequently published that the alcohol soluble or the gliadin component of the water insoluble protein or gluten moiety of wheat , was responsible for the fat malabsorption in patients with coeliac disease .
together with van de kamer and weyers , he [later] published that the alcohol soluble or the gliadin component of the water insoluble protein or gluten moiety of wheat , was responsible for the fat malabsorption in patients with coeliac disease .

Prevention of hypergastrinaemia through potent acid inhibition may also have clinical implications , since longlasting , pronounced hypergastrinaemia in rate has been shown to stimulate EC-like cell hyperplasia and , subsequently , gastric carcinoid formation .
prevention of hypergastrinaemia through potent acid inhibition may also have clinical implications , since longlasting , pronounced hypergastrinaemia in rate has been shown to stimulate ec-like cell hyperplasia and , [later] , gastric carcinoid formation .

Subsequently some of these cells may become fully transformed and hence express an ‘ abnormal ’ phenotype visible different from surrounding cells by promotion of dysplastic clones , in part , by expression of oncogenes especially c-erbB2 .
[later] some of these cells may become fully transformed and hence express an ‘ abnormal ’ phenotype visible different from surrounding cells by promotion of dysplastic clones , in part , by expression of oncogenes especially c-erbb2 .

However , we did find a strong influence on the occurrence of episodes severe enough to lead the mother to take the child to a clinic , and those that subsequently resulted in the child being admitted to hospital , as well as an effect on mortality .
however , we did find a strong influence on the occurrence of episodes severe enough to lead the mother to take the child to a clinic , and those that [later] resulted in the child being admitted to hospital , as well as an effect on mortality .

The makeshift hospital that Dr Tervahauta described has subsequently received a direct hit by a shell with a heavy loss of life .
the makeshift hospital that dr tervahauta described has [later] received a direct hit by a shell with a heavy loss of life .

At that time the value was agreed at £600 but it was subsequently discovered that only £200 of these spares were of any use .
at that time the value was agreed at £600 but it was [later] discovered that only £200 of these spares were of any use .

Another batch of goods which had been bought for £400 and sold for £600 were subsequently found to be faulty . The options available are as follows :
another batch of goods which had been bought for £400 and sold for £600 were [later] found to be faulty . the options available are as follows :

Widely varying figures for successful resuscitation ( 2–44 % ) have subsequently been reported .
widely varying figures for successful resuscitation ( 2–44 % ) have [later] been reported .

This spring he faced a preliminary inquiry in Ontario , where the Crown was required to show that there was sufficient evidence to warrant a full trial on the charges , and , subsequently , the accused was ordered to stand trial on a number of charges , including criminal negligence causing bodily harm and aggravated sexual assault .
this spring he faced a preliminary inquiry in ontario , where the crown was required to show that there was sufficient evidence to warrant a full trial on the charges , and , [later] , the accused was ordered to stand trial on a number of charges , including criminal negligence causing bodily harm and aggravated sexual assault .

What starts as a straightforward health issue can turn out to be an important medicolegal examination with implications subsequently at trial .
what starts as a straightforward health issue can turn out to be an important medicolegal examination with implications [later] at trial .

Before her mentioned admission she developed leftsided numbness on re-introduction of oral contraceptive and subsequently left hemiparesis 12 hours later after sumatriptan treatment .
before her mentioned admission she developed leftsided numbness on re-introduction of oral contraceptive and [later] left hemiparesis 12 hours later after sumatriptan treatment .

Everyone who subsequently learned of this action condemned it as utterly stupid and irresponsible , but perhaps such criticism may be tempered by the fact that the man was in a deep state of shock .
everyone who [later] learned of this action condemned it as utterly stupid and irresponsible , but perhaps such criticism may be tempered by the fact that the man was in a deep state of shock .

When a module is subsequently brought online it is a non-destructive read from the offline storage .
when a module is [later] brought online it is a non-destructive read from the offline storage .

Subsequently , the following information is added :
[later] , the following information is added :

Failure to create this file or failure to subsequently write to this file , will cause the user program to be terminated with an appropriate error message , for example :
failure to create this file or failure to [later] write to this file , will cause the user program to be terminated with an appropriate error message , for example :

It is defaulted to the module name when the module name is reserved and may be subsequently changed using option 1.8.0 — Update Module Details .
it is defaulted to the module name when the module name is reserved and may be [later] changed using option 1.8.0 — update module details .

if an offlined module is returned to online storage , the offline instance is maintained , so that when the module is subsequently offlined again , Offline will simply delete it from online storage knowing that the offline copies still exist .
if an offlined module is returned to online storage , the offline instance is maintained , so that when the module is [later] offlined again , offline will simply delete it from online storage knowing that the offline copies still exist .

Tav & Co are essentially a stripped down rock ' n ' roll band , more reliant on rhythm and basic passion than volume and are subsequently unlike to ‘ blow away ’ the average indie rock lover .
tav & co are essentially a stripped down rock ' n ' roll band , more reliant on rhythm and basic passion than volume and are [later] unlike to ‘ blow away ’ the average indie rock lover .

Apparently , most parishes kept their records on loose sheets of paper , many of which were subsequently lost or destroyed .
apparently , most parishes kept their records on loose sheets of paper , many of which were [later] lost or destroyed .

One of the ways in which the project manager may exert overall control of the project is by setting , allocating and subsequently controlling the release of appropriate contingency allowances .
one of the ways in which the project manager may exert overall control of the project is by setting , allocating and [later] controlling the release of appropriate contingency allowances .

It has subsequently been a convention that the royal family may not be used to puff commercial products , even ( indeed , especially ) by royal warrant-holders .
it has [later] been a convention that the royal family may not be used to puff commercial products , even ( indeed , especially ) by royal warrant-holders .

Ryzhkov made no mention of a referendum in his address on May 24 , however , and subsequently officials appeared to be distancing themselves from the idea .
ryzhkov made no mention of a referendum in his address on may 24 , however , and [later] officials appeared to be distancing themselves from the idea .

Chatichai subsequently cancelled official visits to the United States , Japan and Denmark , which were to have begun on Nov. 12 , in order to oversee the relief effort .
chatichai [later] cancelled official visits to the united states , japan and denmark , which were to have begun on nov. 12 , in order to oversee the relief effort .

As the cortege passed Srinagar 's Islamia College precinct , Indian security forces opened fire on the mourners , killing at least 20 people on the spot ; a further 27 people were subsequently killed , and according to some reports the death toll had reached 100 by the end of the day .
as the cortege passed srinagar 's islamia college precinct , indian security forces opened fire on the mourners , killing at least 20 people on the spot ; a further 27 people were [later] killed , and according to some reports the death toll had reached 100 by the end of the day .

The independence resolution , drafted by the Popular Front , began by declaring that the June 1940 Soviet occupation of independent Latvia had been an `` international crime `` , and reiterating the illegality of the July 1940 elections conducted under Soviet supervision and in `` conditions of political terror `` for a Latvian parliament ( Saeima ) which had voted subsequently for Latvia 's accession to the Soviet Union .
the independence resolution , drafted by the popular front , began by declaring that the june 1940 soviet occupation of independent latvia had been an `` international crime `` , and reiterating the illegality of the july 1940 elections conducted under soviet supervision and in `` conditions of political terror `` for a latvian parliament ( saeima ) which had voted [later] for latvia 's accession to the soviet union .

However , he stressed that the state 's `` atheist propaganda `` would continue , and officials stated subsequently that there would be no immediate reopening of churches and mosques .
however , he stressed that the state 's `` atheist propaganda `` would continue , and officials stated [later] that there would be no immediate reopening of churches and mosques .

Simmons subsequently resigned on March 25 , 1990 , and was replaced by Horacio Serpa Uribe [ see p. 37312 ] .
simmons [later] resigned on march 25 , 1990 , and was replaced by horacio serpa uribe [ see p. 37312 ] .

Menem subsequently met President Jaime Paz Zamora of Bolivia in La Paz on Dec. 14 where bilateral agreements were signed including one covering the purchase of Bolivian natural gas .
menem [later] met president jaime paz zamora of bolivia in la paz on dec. 14 where bilateral agreements were signed including one covering the purchase of bolivian natural gas .

The portfolio of Economic Planning , which he had held since September 1989 , was subsequently returned to its traditional place as one of the responsibilities of the Prime Minister .
the portfolio of economic planning , which he had held since september 1989 , was [later] returned to its traditional place as one of the responsibilities of the prime minister .

Subsequently , one of the three , Francesco Di Maggio , in a television appearance , suggested that they had been withdrawn because they were getting too close to identifying links between the Mafia and establishment figures .
[later] , one of the three , francesco di maggio , in a television appearance , suggested that they had been withdrawn because they were getting too close to identifying links between the mafia and establishment figures .

An ultimatum issued by Gorbachev and Ryzhkov on April 13 ordered the Lithuanian Supreme Council to rescind within 48 hours its declaration of independence and all laws passed subsequently , or face economic sanctions .
an ultimatum issued by gorbachev and ryzhkov on april 13 ordered the lithuanian supreme council to rescind within 48 hours its declaration of independence and all laws passed [later] , or face economic sanctions .

Ortega had subsequently had his membership of the Sandinista front suspended .
ortega had [later] had his membership of the sandinista front suspended .

Gwiazda subsequently issued a statement , however , declaring his support for the union 's aims .
gwiazda [later] issued a statement , however , declaring his support for the union 's aims .

34536-38 ] at the head of the National Resistance Movement which had waged a guerrilla war since 1981 , first against the regime of President Milton Obote , and subsequently against the military government which deposed Obote in July 1985 .
34536-38 ] at the head of the national resistance movement which had waged a guerrilla war since 1981 , first against the regime of president milton obote , and [later] against the military government which deposed obote in july 1985 .

The pragmatic faction , favouring closer links with both the West and with Eastern Europe and China , gained the upper hand as the leading personality within that wing , Hojatolislam Hashemi Ali Akbar Rafsanjani , the then Majlis Speaker , was nominated for and subsequently won the presidential elections in July 1989 [ see pp .
the pragmatic faction , favouring closer links with both the west and with eastern europe and china , gained the upper hand as the leading personality within that wing , hojatolislam hashemi ali akbar rafsanjani , the then majlis speaker , was nominated for and [later] won the presidential elections in july 1989 [ see pp .

On July 8 , fearing detention , Kuria took refuge in the United States embassy and subsequently left the country .
on july 8 , fearing detention , kuria took refuge in the united states embassy and [later] left the country .

The opening of the stock exchange was the first step in the privatization programme announced by Prime Minister Jozsef Antall on May 22 ; shortly afterwards , on June 29 , the government detailed further plans to take effect in August , starting with bankruptcy proceedings against about 30 large state entities , the decentralization and splitting up of another 600 companies and the privatization of some 40,000 small service concerns , subsequently adding plans to create private farm holdings .
the opening of the stock exchange was the first step in the privatization programme announced by prime minister jozsef antall on may 22 ; shortly afterwards , on june 29 , the government detailed further plans to take effect in august , starting with bankruptcy proceedings against about 30 large state entities , the decentralization and splitting up of another 600 companies and the privatization of some 40,000 small service concerns , [later] adding plans to create private farm holdings .

excluding the two autonomous provinces , Kosovo and Vojvodina ) , and the authorities subsequently claimed that 96.8 per cent of these had supported the constitutional proposal .
excluding the two autonomous provinces , kosovo and vojvodina ) , and the authorities [later] claimed that 96.8 per cent of these had supported the constitutional proposal .

At the Jan. 8 round table meeting Peter Koch , who was responsible for disbanding the National Security Office ( and was subsequently dismissed on Jan. 12 ) , revealed that there had been over 85,000 Stasi employees , 25,000 of whom had already been dismissed ; all weapons would be impounded by the end of January .
at the jan. 8 round table meeting peter koch , who was responsible for disbanding the national security office ( and was [later] dismissed on jan. 12 ) , revealed that there had been over 85,000 stasi employees , 25,000 of whom had already been dismissed ; all weapons would be impounded by the end of january .

The crew were subsequently released into Sudanese care on Jan. 22 .
the crew were [later] released into sudanese care on jan. 22 .

Lewis was subsequently convicted on four charges of cocaine trafficking , and at a further hearing on Nov. 6 , 1989 , he testified that he had supplied Barry with crack on `` more than one occasion `` .
lewis was [later] convicted on four charges of cocaine trafficking , and at a further hearing on nov. 6 , 1989 , he testified that he had supplied barry with crack on `` more than one occasion `` .

Under this emergency measure dozens of opposition figures were arrested without charge , and many were subsequently beaten and deported .
under this emergency measure dozens of opposition figures were arrested without charge , and many were [later] beaten and deported .

It was subsequently reported that the amnesty had disrupted production at a number of important factories which used prisoner labour .
it was [later] reported that the amnesty had disrupted production at a number of important factories which used prisoner labour .

No final decision was taken on which countries would contribute to the Arab force , but Egypt , Syria and Morocco subsequently announced that they would provide troops .
no final decision was taken on which countries would contribute to the arab force , but egypt , syria and morocco [later] announced that they would provide troops .

Morocco subsequently became one of only three Arab countries ( i.e .
morocco [later] became one of only three arab countries ( i.e .

At a press conference , Li subsequently said that China would not use its Army against any other country , and had no intention of `` utilizing `` the Chinese-Indonesian community .
at a press conference , li [later] said that china would not use its army against any other country , and had no intention of `` utilizing `` the chinese-indonesian community .

The first such claims had been made in 1987 by Ivan Boesky , a United States arbitrageur , during federal investigations into allegations of insider dealing for which he was subsequently imprisoned [ see p. 36017 ] .
the first such claims had been made in 1987 by ivan boesky , a united states arbitrageur , during federal investigations into allegations of insider dealing for which he was [later] imprisoned [ see p. 36017 ] .

Boesky claimed that he had put £40,000,000 into the Guinness share support scheme ; when Guinness shares subsequently slumped , he claimed that the company had compensated him by agreeing to invest $ 100,000,000 in his arbitrage investment fund .
boesky claimed that he had put £40,000,000 into the guinness share support scheme ; when guinness shares [later] slumped , he claimed that the company had compensated him by agreeing to invest $ 100,000,000 in his arbitrage investment fund .

The government ( which controlled only 67 seats in the Folketing ) subsequently began negotiations over the budget with the other parties .
the government ( which controlled only 67 seats in the folketing ) [later] began negotiations over the budget with the other parties .

This was subsequently approved by both houses of parliament and was due to come into effect on Jan. 1 , 1991 .
this was [later] approved by both houses of parliament and was due to come into effect on jan. 1 , 1991 .

Subsequently , Gorbachev left Ryzhkov looking even more embattled when he announced to the Supreme Soviet that he personally preferred Shatalin 's programme .
[later] , gorbachev left ryzhkov looking even more embattled when he announced to the supreme soviet that he personally preferred shatalin 's programme .

Accordingly , thousands of Czechoslovaks who had fled the country after the 1968 clampdown and were subsequently stripped of their citizenship would be able to regain it .
accordingly , thousands of czechoslovaks who had fled the country after the 1968 clampdown and were [later] stripped of their citizenship would be able to regain it .

Tanay was subsequently reported to have returned to a mujaheddin-occupied area of Afghanistan .
tanay was [later] reported to have returned to a mujaheddin-occupied area of afghanistan .

Dissanayake had competed with Premadasa for the ruling United National Party 's nomination as presidential candidate in 1988 ( as had Lalith Athulathmudali , now transferred from Agriculture to Education ) , and had subsequently differed with the President on such issues as the handling of the withdrawal of Indian troops from Sri Lanka .
dissanayake had competed with premadasa for the ruling united national party 's nomination as presidential candidate in 1988 ( as had lalith athulathmudali , now transferred from agriculture to education ) , and had [later] differed with the president on such issues as the handling of the withdrawal of indian troops from sri lanka .

Peter Walker , the Secretary of State for Wales , confirmed on March 4 that he intended to leave the government at a future point in order to be able to spend more time with his family ; it was subsequently announced on March 14 that he would be succeeded in late May by David Hunt , currently Minister for Local Government and Inner Cities , who would enter the Cabinet for the first time .
peter walker , the secretary of state for wales , confirmed on march 4 that he intended to leave the government at a future point in order to be able to spend more time with his family ; it was [later] announced on march 14 that he would be succeeded in late may by david hunt , currently minister for local government and inner cities , who would enter the cabinet for the first time .

However , charges subsequently set by individual local councils were almost without exception in excess of this level , and on March 21 Chris Patten , the Secretary of State for the Environment , stated that the average actual charge for England had turned out to be £363 ; he blamed this excess principally on the actions of Labour controlled councils ( and announcements on April 3 and 10 listed a total of 21 local authorities which were to be `` capped `` — i.e .
however , charges [later] set by individual local councils were almost without exception in excess of this level , and on march 21 chris patten , the secretary of state for the environment , stated that the average actual charge for england had turned out to be £363 ; he blamed this excess principally on the actions of labour controlled councils ( and announcements on april 3 and 10 listed a total of 21 local authorities which were to be `` capped `` — i.e .

The Chevènement faction subsequently pledged its support to Mauroy-Jospin , while Poperen supported Fabius .
the chevènement faction [later] pledged its support to mauroy-jospin , while poperen supported fabius .

As a result of stormy negotiations conducted behind closed doors the congress in the early hours of Feb. 2 approved a new party leadership structure which featured the replacement of the 195-member central committee with a 131-member supreme council ( subsequently another 22 members were co-opted ) .
as a result of stormy negotiations conducted behind closed doors the congress in the early hours of feb. 2 approved a new party leadership structure which featured the replacement of the 195-member central committee with a 131-member supreme council ( [later] another 22 members were co-opted ) .

The Article defined the Basic Law 's area of jurisdiction as the existing Länder or states , but provided that it could subsequently be applied `` in other parts of Germany after their accession `` .
the article defined the basic law 's area of jurisdiction as the existing länder or states , but provided that it could [later] be applied `` in other parts of germany after their accession `` .

( The Soviet Union subsequently reached agreements with Czechoslovakia and Hungary to withdraw all its troops from those countries — see p. 37258 . )
( the soviet union [later] reached agreements with czechoslovakia and hungary to withdraw all its troops from those countries — see p. 37258 . )

The Fellows of Magdalen College , Oxford , refused James 's attempt to foist a Catholic President on them in March 1687 ( electing one of their own fellows instead , whom James immediately deposed ) , and when they subsequently refused to accept James 's nomination of Samuel Parker , Bishop of Oxford , the Commission for Ecclesiastical Causes was used to deprive twenty-five of them of their fellowships .
the fellows of magdalen college , oxford , refused james 's attempt to foist a catholic president on them in march 1687 ( electing one of their own fellows instead , whom james immediately deposed ) , and when they [later] refused to accept james 's nomination of samuel parker , bishop of oxford , the commission for ecclesiastical causes was used to deprive twenty-five of them of their fellowships .

Bills seeking to exclude various categories of placemen from Parliament were introduced on average once every session between 1692 and 1714 , and a general measure banning all placemen from the Commons found its way into the Act of Settlement of 1701 ( which laid down the conditions on which the Hanoverians would succeed to the throne ) , although this provision was subsequently modified before the Act came into effect .
bills seeking to exclude various categories of placemen from parliament were introduced on average once every session between 1692 and 1714 , and a general measure banning all placemen from the commons found its way into the act of settlement of 1701 ( which laid down the conditions on which the hanoverians would succeed to the throne ) , although this provision was [later] modified before the act came into effect .

Prior to the reform of the market in October 1986 ( see below ) all transactions were on behalf of customers but subsequently there has been much trading between market makers as well as transactions with customers as the table shows .
prior to the reform of the market in october 1986 ( see below ) all transactions were on behalf of customers but [later] there has been much trading between market makers as well as transactions with customers as the table shows .

These stocks were attractive to banks and discount houses but did not meet with strong demand elsewhere and no more were issued subsequently .
these stocks were attractive to banks and discount houses but did not meet with strong demand elsewhere and no more were issued [later] .

Yet , however serious the crisis seemed at the time , and for all the interest which it has subsequently generated , it was essentially a passing thunderstorm .
yet , however serious the crisis seemed at the time , and for all the interest which it has [later] generated , it was essentially a passing thunderstorm .

The confusion over Anglo-American relations has been compounded by some influential Americans , including Richard Nixon and Henry Kissinger , who subsequently argued that the United States should have backed the British over Suez in 1956 .
the confusion over anglo-american relations has been compounded by some influential americans , including richard nixon and henry kissinger , who [later] argued that the united states should have backed the british over suez in 1956 .

If critics , then and later , were able to point to many shaky assumptions and inconsistencies in British nuclear thinking , a personal adviser to Duncan Sandys subsequently argued that `` the unknowns were so great `` that a number of options were essential to guard against the unexpected .
if critics , then and later , were able to point to many shaky assumptions and inconsistencies in british nuclear thinking , a personal adviser to duncan sandys [later] argued that `` the unknowns were so great `` that a number of options were essential to guard against the unexpected .

Subsequently relations between the Romans and Visigoths improved and the latter were relatively peaceful .
[later] relations between the romans and visigoths improved and the latter were relatively peaceful .

Subsequently , perhaps in 418 , perhaps in 419 , a new treaty brought the Visigoths back to Aquitaine .
[later] , perhaps in 418 , perhaps in 419 , a new treaty brought the visigoths back to aquitaine .

Although Wallia had come to terms with Constantius in 416 , he had subsequently campaigned on the emperor 's behalf , against other barbarian groups in Spain .
although wallia had come to terms with constantius in 416 , he had [later] campaigned on the emperor 's behalf , against other barbarian groups in spain .

This mission was briefly halted by Germanus , bishop of Auxerre , but Tibatto was subsequently captured and the Bacaudae suppressed .
this mission was briefly halted by germanus , bishop of auxerre , but tibatto was [later] captured and the bacaudae suppressed .

In the confusion following Majorian 's death in 461 , however , they found themselves fighting against one of his closest supporters , Aegidius , first in the south , and subsequently in the Loire valley , where Frideric was killed in 463 .
in the confusion following majorian 's death in 461 , however , they found themselves fighting against one of his closest supporters , aegidius , first in the south , and [later] in the loire valley , where frideric was killed in 463 .

Subsequently Sidonius seems to have retired from the limelight until the fall of Majorian , and the elevation of Anthemius , for whose first consulship in 468 he also delivered a panegyric .
[later] sidonius seems to have retired from the limelight until the fall of majorian , and the elevation of anthemius , for whose first consulship in 468 he also delivered a panegyric .

Subsequently he seems to have served the martyrial church of St Julian at Brioude , in the Auvergne .
[later] he seems to have served the martyrial church of st julian at brioude , in the auvergne .

Subsequently what had been no more than a name implying a certain diplomatic affiliation between the Franks and Valentinian must have been interpreted as providing a genuine indication of the origins of the Franks .
[later] what had been no more than a name implying a certain diplomatic affiliation between the franks and valentinian must have been interpreted as providing a genuine indication of the origins of the franks .

On his return he received consular office from the eastern emperor ; he subsequently chose Paris as his capital ; his last years were spent eliminating rival Frankish leaders .
on his return he received consular office from the eastern emperor ; he [later] chose paris as his capital ; his last years were spent eliminating rival frankish leaders .

Subsequently , probably in 531 , Theuderic enlisted the support of his half-brother , Chlothar , in an invasion of Thuringia .
[later] , probably in 531 , theuderic enlisted the support of his half-brother , chlothar , in an invasion of thuringia .

He subsequently decided to do penance for the deed , and set off to his foundation at Agaune .
he [later] decided to do penance for the deed , and set off to his foundation at agaune .

Subsequently his body was taken back to Agaune , where it became the object of a cult , the first royal saint-cult of the Middle Ages .
[later] his body was taken back to agaune , where it became the object of a cult , the first royal saint-cult of the middle ages .

In order to incite her husband against her stepson , Sigistrix , she claimed that the prince intended to kill his father , to take over Burgundy and subsequently Italy .
in order to incite her husband against her stepson , sigistrix , she claimed that the prince intended to kill his father , to take over burgundy and [later] italy .

His three half-brothers united against him and subsequently the kingdom was divided equally .
his three half-brothers united against him and [later] the kingdom was divided equally .

While the Romans are described as being tributary , it seems that the lands which had originally been granted to free-born Franks had been exempt from tax , and that the Franks subsequently assumed that any lands which they came to hold were similarly exempt .
while the romans are described as being tributary , it seems that the lands which had originally been granted to free-born franks had been exempt from tax , and that the franks [later] assumed that any lands which they came to hold were similarly exempt .

Gallus himself died in 551 , and at his death the local clergy put forward the name of the priest Cato ; the bishops officiating at the burial of Gallus offered to consecrate Cato there and then , and to square the appointment with the king , who was only a minor , subsequently .
gallus himself died in 551 , and at his death the local clergy put forward the name of the priest cato ; the bishops officiating at the burial of gallus offered to consecrate cato there and then , and to square the appointment with the king , who was only a minor , [later] .

Gregory 's account suggests that the family 's influence in Clermont subsequently came to an end , but the poems of Venantius Fortunatus show that the dynasty was still powerful elsewhere : Arcadius 's son Leontius became bishop of Bordeaux .
gregory 's account suggests that the family 's influence in clermont [later] came to an end , but the poems of venantius fortunatus show that the dynasty was still powerful elsewhere : arcadius 's son leontius became bishop of bordeaux .

Subsequently the subdeacon Riculf was tortured and revealed what lay behind the attack on Gregory .
[later] the subdeacon riculf was tortured and revealed what lay behind the attack on gregory .

Subsequently the remnants of Rigunth 's treasure , for which Waddo had been responsible , and which Desiderius had secured , fell into his hands .
[later] the remnants of rigunth 's treasure , for which waddo had been responsible , and which desiderius had secured , fell into his hands .

This lack of ascription was subsequently remedied by the shorter prologue , which survives in a limited number of manuscripts of the Pactus : apparently known to the author of the Liber Historiae Francorum , the shorter prologue seems to date from the late seventh or early eighth century .
this lack of ascription was [later] remedied by the shorter prologue , which survives in a limited number of manuscripts of the pactus : apparently known to the author of the liber historiae francorum , the shorter prologue seems to date from the late seventh or early eighth century .

The meeting at Münchengrätz in 1833 had increased his confidence not only vis-à-vis the Ottoman Empire but also in respect of the West , for Austria and Russia ( and subsequently Prussia ) had agreed not only to maintain the integrity of the Sultan 's possessions , but also to guarantee each other 's Polish territories and to assist any established regime which found itself threatened by insurgents .
the meeting at münchengrätz in 1833 had increased his confidence not only vis-à-vis the ottoman empire but also in respect of the west , for austria and russia ( and [later] prussia ) had agreed not only to maintain the integrity of the sultan 's possessions , but also to guarantee each other 's polish territories and to assist any established regime which found itself threatened by insurgents .

The election of Ermolov as head of the militia in Moscow ( and subsequently in St Petersburg ) showed that , even when the country was at war , nobles would respond with displeasure to decrees which took their serfs away from them .
the election of ermolov as head of the militia in moscow ( and [later] in st petersburg ) showed that , even when the country was at war , nobles would respond with displeasure to decrees which took their serfs away from them .

John Dalton was the younger son of a Lancashire family who feathered his nest by dubious means while carrying out the office of agent for the Earl of Lancaster as constable of Pickering Castle , a position he lost in 1322 as a result of the unsuccessful rebellion of the earl who was subsequently executed .
john dalton was the younger son of a lancashire family who feathered his nest by dubious means while carrying out the office of agent for the earl of lancaster as constable of pickering castle , a position he lost in 1322 as a result of the unsuccessful rebellion of the earl who was [later] executed .

He was subsequently invited home to dinner by the Daltons .
he was [later] invited home to dinner by the daltons .

The Sinhalese wedding case also has general value because it provides an exceptionally clear example of the three-phase structure of rites of passage first recognized by Hertz and Van Gennep around 1908 but which has subsequently been shown to apply to all kinds of social rituals .
the sinhalese wedding case also has general value because it provides an exceptionally clear example of the three-phase structure of rites of passage first recognized by hertz and van gennep around 1908 but which has [later] been shown to apply to all kinds of social rituals .

The confidentiality letter should cover both the memorandum and also any additional information which might be subsequently released .
the confidentiality letter should cover both the memorandum and also any additional information which might be [later] released .

Target profiling is undertaken initially as an overview and subsequently in greater detail , by which time ideally the following information and assessments should be provided about each possible target subject to availability :
target profiling is undertaken initially as an overview and [later] in greater detail , by which time ideally the following information and assessments should be provided about each possible target subject to availability :

This is still some disadvantage for the acquirer because it is more difficult to gain agreement to a change made subsequently than to a provision included in the first draft .
this is still some disadvantage for the acquirer because it is more difficult to gain agreement to a change made [later] than to a provision included in the first draft .

This will mean that any person can be liable to the acquirer for the full liability , with a separate right for that person subsequently to obtain contributions from other people liable .
this will mean that any person can be liable to the acquirer for the full liability , with a separate right for that person [later] to obtain contributions from other people liable .

Subsequently , we shall ask you to formally approve a list of parties to whom details of the opportunity will be circulated .
[later] , we shall ask you to formally approve a list of parties to whom details of the opportunity will be circulated .

If they are not , then the purchaser should argue that it should be able to enforce warranties against the vendor for such matters for which the vendor may subsequently be able to enforce ( via its own warranties ) against the third party who originally sold to the vendor .
if they are not , then the purchaser should argue that it should be able to enforce warranties against the vendor for such matters for which the vendor may [later] be able to enforce ( via its own warranties ) against the third party who originally sold to the vendor .

How could the Vendor subsequently defend itself if it has effectively admitted a breach ? Finally , if the Vendor failed to notify , what right or remedy ( in addition to the basic breach of warranty ) would the Purchaser have ?
how could the vendor [later] defend itself if it has effectively admitted a breach ? finally , if the vendor failed to notify , what right or remedy ( in addition to the basic breach of warranty ) would the purchaser have ?

What happens subsequently is irrelevant in determining whether or not the Warranty was true at Completion .
what happens [later] is irrelevant in determining whether or not the warranty was true at completion .

Subsequently , 213 organizational narratives were extracted from the transcripts , classified and analysed with the help of a specially devised computer programme .
[later] , 213 organizational narratives were extracted from the transcripts , classified and analysed with the help of a specially devised computer programme .

Why it is chosen as an adjustment option by firms , the labour market experience of subsequently unemployed workers and the secondary employment effects of redundancy , form the central topics of the research .
why it is chosen as an adjustment option by firms , the labour market experience of [later] unemployed workers and the secondary employment effects of redundancy , form the central topics of the research .

Changes , such as large scale redundancies , initially involving one group of workers in an area within a large metropolitan region subsequently affect employers and workers in other sectors or other parts of the region .
changes , such as large scale redundancies , initially involving one group of workers in an area within a large metropolitan region [later] affect employers and workers in other sectors or other parts of the region .

The establishment of the Socialist Republic of Vietnam in 1976 saw the final re-unification of a country that had been divided since the late 19th century , first by French colonialism , and subsequently by , inter alia , international politics .
the establishment of the socialist republic of vietnam in 1976 saw the final re-unification of a country that had been divided since the late 19th century , first by french colonialism , and [later] by , inter alia , international politics .

The results will be presented at the 1986 conference of the Market Research Society and , subsequently , in a paper invited by the Journal of that Society .
the results will be presented at the 1986 conference of the market research society and , [later] , in a paper invited by the journal of that society .

Such mis-managed demeaning talk not only induces feelings of worthlessness amongst old folk momentarily , but can , in the long run , reduce life-satisfaction , mental and physical health , with valued social welfare and medical resources being subsequently implicated .
such mis-managed demeaning talk not only induces feelings of worthlessness amongst old folk momentarily , but can , in the long run , reduce life-satisfaction , mental and physical health , with valued social welfare and medical resources being [later] implicated .

The studies should also provide a second investigation of applicants ( for 1986 entry ) who will subsequently form a further cohort of entrants , and will become part of a series of quinquennial surveys of medical school applicants , entrants , graduates and practising doctors .
the studies should also provide a second investigation of applicants ( for 1986 entry ) who will [later] form a further cohort of entrants , and will become part of a series of quinquennial surveys of medical school applicants , entrants , graduates and practising doctors .

Tracks have shown that the tigers involved have subsequently kept clear .
tracks have shown that the tigers involved have [later] kept clear .

Mrs McCourt was subsequently fostered and lost touch with her sisters .
mrs mccourt was [later] fostered and lost touch with her sisters .

The modular exhibition described above can be utilised subsequently for this purpose .
the modular exhibition described above can be utilised [later] for this purpose .

Transferred calls have subsequently been found to have been dropped , necessitating the caller dialling again .
transferred calls have [later] been found to have been dropped , necessitating the caller dialling again .

Papers subsequently published by such researchers may show no obvious Scottish connection in their titles , but it can not be assumed that the work is unrelated to their thesis topic .
papers [later] published by such researchers may show no obvious scottish connection in their titles , but it can not be assumed that the work is unrelated to their thesis topic .

Undoubtedly , however , some papers are written and subsequently rejected by the editors of journals as being of an insufficiently high standard .
undoubtedly , however , some papers are written and [later] rejected by the editors of journals as being of an insufficiently high standard .

The tentacle pores are small with `` spine-like `` scales on the first and second arm pores but subsequently become very much smaller and are absent on distal pores .
the tentacle pores are small with `` spine-like `` scales on the first and second arm pores but [later] become very much smaller and are absent on distal pores .

He then writes that in the early part of 821/early 1418 , Molla Fenari appointed his younger son , Sinan al-Din Yusuf Bali Celebi ( Yusuf Bali ) , as naib for the kadilik of Bursa and with his elder son , Muhyi `` l-Din Muhammad Shah Celebi ( Mehmed Sah Fenari ) , went directly to Egypt where he spent Ramadan at the Zayniyya medrese and awaited the arrival of Seyh Zeyneddin , with whom he subsequently made the pilgrimage in 822 , departing from , and returning to , Jerusalem .
he then writes that in the early part of 821/early 1418 , molla fenari appointed his younger son , sinan al-din yusuf bali celebi ( yusuf bali ) , as naib for the kadilik of bursa and with his elder son , muhyi `` l-din muhammad shah celebi ( mehmed sah fenari ) , went directly to egypt where he spent ramadan at the zayniyya medrese and awaited the arrival of seyh zeyneddin , with whom he [later] made the pilgrimage in 822 , departing from , and returning to , jerusalem .

Subsequently , in 1971 , the circular ring started to be replaced by a D-shaped ring , since it was found that the former was being extensively used in parking meters !
[later] , in 1971 , the circular ring started to be replaced by a d-shaped ring , since it was found that the former was being extensively used in parking meters !

This whole idea was subsequently taken up by the Stratigraphical Committee of the Geological Society of London and published in their `` Provisional Code of Stratigraphical Nomenclature `` .
this whole idea was [later] taken up by the stratigraphical committee of the geological society of london and published in their `` provisional code of stratigraphical nomenclature `` .

Output was printed at Dartford for distribution to the various sites , although subsequently both input and output facilities were made available at Crewe and Berkhamsted .
output was printed at dartford for distribution to the various sites , although [later] both input and output facilities were made available at crewe and berkhamsted .

Although quite a few had subsequently been dismissed , both Braithwaite and Colclough having had their spies in the Chartist ranks , men who had sung those Chartist hymns about freedom and justice the loudest as they had been memorizing names and faces to sell afterwards to Uriah and Ben .
although quite a few had [later] been dismissed , both braithwaite and colclough having had their spies in the chartist ranks , men who had sung those chartist hymns about freedom and justice the loudest as they had been memorizing names and faces to sell afterwards to uriah and ben .

Howard attracted many gifted people who have subsequently attained leadership roles in the Salvation Army .
howard attracted many gifted people who have [later] attained leadership roles in the salvation army .

The earliest phase , in the last quarter of the second century , saw the construction of earthwork defences , many of which were subsequently modified by the insertion of a stone wall on the same alignment .
the earliest phase , in the last quarter of the second century , saw the construction of earthwork defences , many of which were [later] modified by the insertion of a stone wall on the same alignment .

The frontage was subsequently occupied by a building ( 3a ) on lias and Hamstone footings , measuring 18 by 6.5 m ( 59 by 21 ft ) , which originally comprised two rooms to which a third was added on the north .
the frontage was [later] occupied by a building ( 3a ) on lias and hamstone footings , measuring 18 by 6.5 m ( 59 by 21 ft ) , which originally comprised two rooms to which a third was added on the north .

The rampart front itself was subsequently cut away to accommodate a massive stone wall set on a foundation of limestone , clay and rubble lenses , which presumably incorporated the existing tower at the south-east gate .
the rampart front itself was [later] cut away to accommodate a massive stone wall set on a foundation of limestone , clay and rubble lenses , which presumably incorporated the existing tower at the south-east gate .

ditches were subsequently replaced by fences and the road resurfaced with a spread of limestone and river pebbles 7 m ( 23 ft ) wide , later heavily worn .
ditches were [later] replaced by fences and the road resurfaced with a spread of limestone and river pebbles 7 m ( 23 ft ) wide , later heavily worn .

However , there are still problems : cash limits will only be ‘ successful ’ if the government has the political will to set effective limits in the first place , and subsequently to keep to them .
however , there are still problems : cash limits will only be ‘ successful ’ if the government has the political will to set effective limits in the first place , and [later] to keep to them .

The pattern of five years ( the first two in detail and the next three in outline ) has subsequently been modified as circumstances have dictated .
the pattern of five years ( the first two in detail and the next three in outline ) has [later] been modified as circumstances have dictated .

So suppose an adult sniffs glue making himself very ill and subsequently sues the glue manufacturer .
so suppose an adult sniffs glue making himself very ill and [later] sues the glue manufacturer .

This exception applies where the seller continues or is in possession of the goods or documents of title and subsequently delivers them to a new innocent purchaser .
this exception applies where the seller continues or is in possession of the goods or documents of title and [later] delivers them to a new innocent purchaser .

If the market price subsequently rose or fell , that is irrelevant , even if the seller actually sold at that subsequent greater or lower price .
if the market price [later] rose or fell , that is irrelevant , even if the seller actually sold at that subsequent greater or lower price .

’ Thus , if the buyer does not immediately buy replacement goods but does so subsequently and at a different price from the market price at the date of the breach , that is normally irrelevant .
’ thus , if the buyer does not immediately buy replacement goods but does so [later] and at a different price from the market price at the date of the breach , that is normally irrelevant .

Subsequently the auctioneers sued the purchaser for the outstanding balance of the price .
[later] the auctioneers sued the purchaser for the outstanding balance of the price .

Retail price maintenance still being lawful in the case of books , the publisher might well include the recommended retail price on the cover of the book ( or in an advertisement ) , only to be surprised subsequently to learn that a retailer has been selling at a different price .
retail price maintenance still being lawful in the case of books , the publisher might well include the recommended retail price on the cover of the book ( or in an advertisement ) , only to be surprised [later] to learn that a retailer has been selling at a different price .

In the Society 's view , there is a risk that many thousands of people will be improperly denied legal advice if the Regulations come into force on 12th April , but are subsequently held to be unlawful .
in the society 's view , there is a risk that many thousands of people will be improperly denied legal advice if the regulations come into force on 12th april , but are [later] held to be unlawful .

The Council , and subsequently the Group , gave their approval and the target date for bringing the new system into service has been set for 31 May .
the council , and [later] the group , gave their approval and the target date for bringing the new system into service has been set for 31 may .

Subsequently , Nuclear Electric issued a tender for the design , manufacture , installation and commissioning of a safety grade pulse counting system .
[later] , nuclear electric issued a tender for the design , manufacture , installation and commissioning of a safety grade pulse counting system .

The simple , laughing islanders subsequently worshipped it as a god , much to the amusement of their more sophisticated neighbours .
the simple , laughing islanders [later] worshipped it as a god , much to the amusement of their more sophisticated neighbours .

Most hospitals retain records relevant to deceased people received into the mortuary , together with the numbers of post-mortem examinations , and any infectious conditions found subsequently .
most hospitals retain records relevant to deceased people received into the mortuary , together with the numbers of post-mortem examinations , and any infectious conditions found [later] .

This is a vulnerable moment in our lives and the way the funeral and its aftermath are handled can affect how people subsequently come to terms with their bereavement .
this is a vulnerable moment in our lives and the way the funeral and its aftermath are handled can affect how people [later] come to terms with their bereavement .

The Act does little more than authorise the Secretary of State to issue rules for the regulation of prisons and the Prison Rules 1964 , though subsequently amended , can be shown to be very out of date .
the act does little more than authorise the secretary of state to issue rules for the regulation of prisons and the prison rules 1964 , though [later] amended , can be shown to be very out of date .

The programme included Baroque pieces by Purcell , Torelli , Bach and Handel , and began with Professor Raymond Warren 's Ceremonial Fanfare for trumpet and organ , which was first performed at the University 's Centenary Degree Congregation in the Colston Hall in 1976 and subsequently , in a revised form , at the installation of the present Chancellor , Sir Jeremy Morse , in 1989 .
the programme included baroque pieces by purcell , torelli , bach and handel , and began with professor raymond warren 's ceremonial fanfare for trumpet and organ , which was first performed at the university 's centenary degree congregation in the colston hall in 1976 and [later] , in a revised form , at the installation of the present chancellor , sir jeremy morse , in 1989 .

Chemical and isotope studies of the magmas erupted along island arcs that occur above subduction zones subsequently established that sediment can be subducted to depths of at least 100 km .
chemical and isotope studies of the magmas erupted along island arcs that occur above subduction zones [later] established that sediment can be subducted to depths of at least 100 km .

Transition probabilities p ( 1 ) to p ( 4 ) in Table 6.2 are calculated by counting the number of times the business executive stayed in city a and subsequently ( i ) stayed the next day in city a , ( ii ) moved to city b , ( iii ) moved to city c , ( iv ) moved to city d .
transition probabilities p ( 1 ) to p ( 4 ) in table 6.2 are calculated by counting the number of times the business executive stayed in city a and [later] ( i ) stayed the next day in city a , ( ii ) moved to city b , ( iii ) moved to city c , ( iv ) moved to city d .

The appeased Archbishop of Canterbury left the Pope 's side and returned to await events in his former abbey of Jumièges , where , unhappily , he was taken ill and subsequently died .
the appeased archbishop of canterbury left the pope 's side and returned to await events in his former abbey of jumièges , where , unhappily , he was taken ill and [later] died .

Asquith , the son of former Liberal Prime Minister Herbert Henry Asquith , had started making films during the silent days and subsequently directed classics such as Pygmalion , The Winslow Boy and The Browning Version .
asquith , the son of former liberal prime minister herbert henry asquith , had started making films during the silent days and [later] directed classics such as pygmalion , the winslow boy and the browning version .

Needless to say , the top subsequently shoots off .
needless to say , the top [later] shoots off .

Gould , though , having had from Darwin 's eyewitness account of the bird 's behaviour , subsequently agreed that the Galapagos hawk shared characteristics of both the Polyborus and the Buteos .
gould , though , having had from darwin 's eyewitness account of the bird 's behaviour , [later] agreed that the galapagos hawk shared characteristics of both the polyborus and the buteos .

Bandar Khomeini and Kharg were subsequently attacked by Iraqi aircraft and hits on shipping claimed .
bandar khomeini and kharg were [later] attacked by iraqi aircraft and hits on shipping claimed .

He was subsequently moved to malt despatch when the maltings came into production and is now assistant chargehand .
he was [later] moved to malt despatch when the maltings came into production and is now assistant chargehand .

subsequently , the announcement of the Company 's final and interim results to the London Stock Exchange for any financial period
[later] , the announcement of the company 's final and interim results to the london stock exchange for any financial period

So , although this perspective still has much to teach us , we shall subsequently be combining it with the broader explanations offered by later urban social theorists .
so , although this perspective still has much to teach us , we shall [later] be combining it with the broader explanations offered by later urban social theorists .

One of the criticisms of this approach is that data may be collected which is never used subsequently .
one of the criticisms of this approach is that data may be collected which is never used [later] .

This is to some extent contradicted by Lloyd George , who subsequently wrote : ‘ It is now a matter of history how we expressed our readiness to serve under Mr Balfour-all of us except Mr Asquith , who asked indignantly , ‘ What is the proposal ?
this is to some extent contradicted by lloyd george , who [later] wrote : ‘ it is now a matter of history how we expressed our readiness to serve under mr balfour-all of us except mr asquith , who asked indignantly , ‘ what is the proposal ?

( 8 ) Where the prospective parliamentary candidate has been selected and subsequently intimates his or her intention not to stand for parliament in the constituency as the Labour Party candidate at the next election , the procedure set out in section ( 3 ) of this clause shall ( subject to section ( 4 ) of this clause ) be forthwith set in motion again .
( 8 ) where the prospective parliamentary candidate has been selected and [later] intimates his or her intention not to stand for parliament in the constituency as the labour party candidate at the next election , the procedure set out in section ( 3 ) of this clause shall ( subject to section ( 4 ) of this clause ) be forthwith set in motion again .

Thus the government may spend money on compulsory education or compulsory vaccination because is recognizes that , left to their own decisions , individuals will act in a way they will subsequently regret .
thus the government may spend money on compulsory education or compulsory vaccination because is recognizes that , left to their own decisions , individuals will act in a way they will [later] regret .

Moreover , if bad management is perceived by the stock market , share prices will be lower than they might have been and a takeover raider may see an opportunity to buy up the company , install a better management , improve profits , and hence make capital gains when share prices subsequently rise .
moreover , if bad management is perceived by the stock market , share prices will be lower than they might have been and a takeover raider may see an opportunity to buy up the company , install a better management , improve profits , and hence make capital gains when share prices [later] rise .

The deaths of the two Indians was reported by another , captured as a child thirty years ago and subsequently used to track down members of his own tribe .
the deaths of the two indians was reported by another , captured as a child thirty years ago and [later] used to track down members of his own tribe .

Does the Home Secretary accept that , in his high office , he is the prime protector of the liberties of the subject and upholder of the rule of law , and that his position has been fatally compromised by his unwillingness to carry out the order of the court and to ask questions about it subsequently ? Is he aware that , by persisting in the claim that he was not bound by the order of the court , he is compounding his offence ?
does the home secretary accept that , in his high office , he is the prime protector of the liberties of the subject and upholder of the rule of law , and that his position has been fatally compromised by his unwillingness to carry out the order of the court and to ask questions about it [later] ? is he aware that , by persisting in the claim that he was not bound by the order of the court , he is compounding his offence ?

The Community has agreed to increase the accountability of European Community institutions ; to strengthen the European Parliament 's financial control over the Commission ; to allow the European Parliament to investigate maladministration and to appoint a Community ombudsman accessible to all Community citizens ; to build up the role of the Court of Auditors , which becomes an institution of the Community ; and to ensure compliance with Community obligations by giving the European Court of Justice power to impose fines on Governments who sign directives but subsequently do not implement them .
the community has agreed to increase the accountability of european community institutions ; to strengthen the european parliament 's financial control over the commission ; to allow the european parliament to investigate maladministration and to appoint a community ombudsman accessible to all community citizens ; to build up the role of the court of auditors , which becomes an institution of the community ; and to ensure compliance with community obligations by giving the european court of justice power to impose fines on governments who sign directives but [later] do not implement them .

It will mean that we can not shape the institutions to which subsequently we shall have to submit .
it will mean that we can not shape the institutions to which [later] we shall have to submit .

The relationship between central and local government has deteriorated partly because a series of Conservative Administrations have continually attacked and deprived the local authorities of resources , and subsequently because of the poll tax .
the relationship between central and local government has deteriorated partly because a series of conservative administrations have continually attacked and deprived the local authorities of resources , and [later] because of the poll tax .

During that time the allocation to that gallery has been reduced , and subsequently frozen .
during that time the allocation to that gallery has been reduced , and [later] frozen .

He subsequently served as its legal adviser , and it is thanks to him that it obtained its Light Railway Order and was enabled to operate under a lease agreement until purchase negotiations were concluded .
he [later] served as its legal adviser , and it is thanks to him that it obtained its light railway order and was enabled to operate under a lease agreement until purchase negotiations were concluded .

To ask the Secretary of State for Northern Ireland what are the total number of residents of Northern Ireland who have been questioned under the Prevention of Terrorism Act and ( a ) subsequently charged and ( b ) convicted or had an exclusion order placed upon them since 1974 .
to ask the secretary of state for northern ireland what are the total number of residents of northern ireland who have been questioned under the prevention of terrorism act and ( a ) [later] charged and ( b ) convicted or had an exclusion order placed upon them since 1974 .

It is highly regrettable that the Minister can not provide information that must be available to the police and to the Northern Ireland Office about the number of people in Northern Ireland who have been questioned under the Prevention of Terrorism Act and subsequently charged and convicted .
it is highly regrettable that the minister can not provide information that must be available to the police and to the northern ireland office about the number of people in northern ireland who have been questioned under the prevention of terrorism act and [later] charged and convicted .

If the pattern in Northern Ireland is the same as in the rest of the United Kingdom , the Minister will know that the number of persons there subsequently convicted under the Act is very small .
if the pattern in northern ireland is the same as in the rest of the united kingdom , the minister will know that the number of persons there [later] convicted under the act is very small .

Gentleman will be aware that the case for pardoning Derek Bentley was supported by his trial jury , which recommended mercy in 1952 ; by the Lord Chief Justice of the day ; by the trial judge , who said subsequently that he believed that Bentley would not hang ; a subsequent Lord Chancellor , Lord Hailsham ; by many members of another place ; by many right hon .
gentleman will be aware that the case for pardoning derek bentley was supported by his trial jury , which recommended mercy in 1952 ; by the lord chief justice of the day ; by the trial judge , who said [later] that he believed that bentley would not hang ; a subsequent lord chancellor , lord hailsham ; by many members of another place ; by many right hon .

When will the Minister own up to the fact that the biggest offender in terms of empty property is his Government , who have 31,000 empty properties throughout the country ? Instead of all this fake indignation , when will he own up to the fact that most of the local authorities , including my own of Knowsley , have empty properties because they are being held for improvement under schemes in which the Government are involved after 13 years in which they have neglected to fund local authority and other housing stock ? When will the Minister admit that it is him and his Government who are responsible for all the problems , including the appalling homelessness that is subsequently caused ?
when will the minister own up to the fact that the biggest offender in terms of empty property is his government , who have 31,000 empty properties throughout the country ? instead of all this fake indignation , when will he own up to the fact that most of the local authorities , including my own of knowsley , have empty properties because they are being held for improvement under schemes in which the government are involved after 13 years in which they have neglected to fund local authority and other housing stock ? when will the minister admit that it is him and his government who are responsible for all the problems , including the appalling homelessness that is [later] caused ?

My office was subsequently informed by telephone on 10 May and by a letter dated 13 May from the deputy manager of the unemployment benefit office that Mr. Docherty 's case had been allowed by the adjudication officer , and that he was therefore entitled to arrears of benefit .
my office was [later] informed by telephone on 10 may and by a letter dated 13 may from the deputy manager of the unemployment benefit office that mr. docherty 's case had been allowed by the adjudication officer , and that he was therefore entitled to arrears of benefit .

The 1908 Act was introduced and subsequently amended because of the realisation of the dangers caused by excessive working hours in the mining industry .
the 1908 act was introduced and [later] amended because of the realisation of the dangers caused by excessive working hours in the mining industry .

If the new sector colleges were able to apply for the use of those premises it could jeopardise the adult ethos and character of the provision and would subsequently deny many adults their first step back into education .
if the new sector colleges were able to apply for the use of those premises it could jeopardise the adult ethos and character of the provision and would [later] deny many adults their first step back into education .

This was subsequently withdrawn in order to incorporate provisions enabling the construction of alternative feeding grounds for birds displaced once the barrage was constructed .
this was [later] withdrawn in order to incorporate provisions enabling the construction of alternative feeding grounds for birds displaced once the barrage was constructed .

Stationary and pumping engines and other general engineering items were subsequently added to the product list .
stationary and pumping engines and other general engineering items were [later] added to the product list .

If their intention subsequently changes , that is irrelevant and the property will pass in accordance with their intention at the time of making the contract .
if their intention [later] changes , that is irrelevant and the property will pass in accordance with their intention at the time of making the contract .

In that case the property passes not upon appropriation but when the other party 's assent is subsequently given .
in that case the property passes not upon appropriation but when the other party 's assent is [later] given .

‘ Where there is an agreement to sell specific goods , and subsequently the goods , without any fault on the part of the seller or buyer , perish before the risk passes to the buyer , the agreement is avoided . ’
‘ where there is an agreement to sell specific goods , and [later] the goods , without any fault on the part of the seller or buyer , perish before the risk passes to the buyer , the agreement is avoided . ’

This can occur not only if the goods subsequently perish but also , for example , if after the contract is made , it becomes illegal to carry it out .
this can occur not only if the goods [later] perish but also , for example , if after the contract is made , it becomes illegal to carry it out .

However , a contract for the sale of unascertained goods can be frustrated at common law if it subsequently becomes impossible to perform because of an unexpected turn of events , as in Howell v. Coupland .
however , a contract for the sale of unascertained goods can be frustrated at common law if it [later] becomes impossible to perform because of an unexpected turn of events , as in howell v. coupland .

This will occur if for example the buyer has had some use of the goods and subsequently they perished thereby frustrating the contract .
this will occur if for example the buyer has had some use of the goods and [later] they perished thereby frustrating the contract .

Thus if the hirer subsequently pays off all the remaining instalments , ownership will pass to the hirer and straight on to the purchaser from the hirer .
thus if the hirer [later] pays off all the remaining instalments , ownership will pass to the hirer and straight on to the purchaser from the hirer .

It can happen that at the time of the sale the seller is not the owner ( and thus is in breach of the condition in section 12 ) but that he subsequently obtains that ownership , e. g. by buying the goods from their owner .
it can happen that at the time of the sale the seller is not the owner ( and thus is in breach of the condition in section 12 ) but that he [later] obtains that ownership , e. g. by buying the goods from their owner .

To test this hypothesis , measures of perceived similarity or difference between situations are required which may subsequently be related to measures of similarity or difference in a person 's behaviour across the same set of situations .
to test this hypothesis , measures of perceived similarity or difference between situations are required which may [later] be related to measures of similarity or difference in a person 's behaviour across the same set of situations .

Although the classification notation will subsequently incorporate the notation of the second facet , the document will be placed physically according to the first facet ; that is , this document will either be placed with other documents on mathematics or with other documents on primary schools .
although the classification notation will [later] incorporate the notation of the second facet , the document will be placed physically according to the first facet ; that is , this document will either be placed with other documents on mathematics or with other documents on primary schools .

The crucial political issue for Marx , and for those who were subsequently influenced by his theory , was the ‘ social question ’ ; that is , the situation , interests and struggles of the working class in societies which were both capitalist and democratic .
the crucial political issue for marx , and for those who were [later] influenced by his theory , was the ‘ social question ’ ; that is , the situation , interests and struggles of the working class in societies which were both capitalist and democratic .

From this time , at first in Europe and North America , and subsequently in the rest of the world , a great number of social movements developed — nationalist movements in Central and Southeastern Europe , and later in colonial territories ; women 's movements which were concerned initially with the right to vote ; youth movements ; and a host of smaller , more sectional movements advocating particular causes — while the labour movement continued to advance and engendered a variety of new organizations on a national and international scale .
from this time , at first in europe and north america , and [later] in the rest of the world , a great number of social movements developed — nationalist movements in central and southeastern europe , and later in colonial territories ; women 's movements which were concerned initially with the right to vote ; youth movements ; and a host of smaller , more sectional movements advocating particular causes — while the labour movement continued to advance and engendered a variety of new organizations on a national and international scale .

Engels ( 1874 ) , in an essay on authority directed against the anarchists , commented upon violent political revolutions that ‘ a revolution is certainly the most authoritarian thing there is ’ , but he did not go on to consider whether the authoritarianism of an armed revolutionary struggle might not subsequently become firmly entrenched in the practices of a post-revolutionary government ; and he could not foresee that the ‘ dictatorship of the proletariat ’ ( a phrase which he and Marx occasionally used in order to refer to the political dominance of the working class , conceived as the vast majority of the population , in the initial phase of socialist society ) would be transformed into a plain dictatorship and a reign of terror , turned against the people themselves .
engels ( 1874 ) , in an essay on authority directed against the anarchists , commented upon violent political revolutions that ‘ a revolution is certainly the most authoritarian thing there is ’ , but he did not go on to consider whether the authoritarianism of an armed revolutionary struggle might not [later] become firmly entrenched in the practices of a post-revolutionary government ; and he could not foresee that the ‘ dictatorship of the proletariat ’ ( a phrase which he and marx occasionally used in order to refer to the political dominance of the working class , conceived as the vast majority of the population , in the initial phase of socialist society ) would be transformed into a plain dictatorship and a reign of terror , turned against the people themselves .

, 1972 ) , subsequently much criticized but now taken more seriously again , which concluded that : ‘ If the present growth trends in world population , industrialization , pollution , food production , and resource depletion continue unchanged , the limits to growth on this planet will be reached some time within the next one hundred years .
, 1972 ) , [later] much criticized but now taken more seriously again , which concluded that : ‘ if the present growth trends in world population , industrialization , pollution , food production , and resource depletion continue unchanged , the limits to growth on this planet will be reached some time within the next one hundred years .

So it is possible that the short-run agents in the model over estimate the long term agent 's type after a particular sequence of shocks and subsequently revise this estimate downwards .
so it is possible that the short-run agents in the model over estimate the long term agent 's type after a particular sequence of shocks and [later] revise this estimate downwards .

Thus , the model was recalibrated with alternative values for ε and ta ; and the effects of the trade policies were subsequently derived .
thus , the model was recalibrated with alternative values for ε and ta ; and the effects of the trade policies were [later] derived .

If only Morpurgo had been a less thoroughbred specimen the contrast with what had subsequently overtaken him would have been easier to accept .
if only morpurgo had been a less thoroughbred specimen the contrast with what had [later] overtaken him would have been easier to accept .

What the figure does not reveal is the shift in the balance that has occurred during the 1980s towards overseas securities , prompted initially by the relaxation of exchange controls in 1979 and encouraged subsequently by the strong performance of some overseas economies and stock-markets .
what the figure does not reveal is the shift in the balance that has occurred during the 1980s towards overseas securities , prompted initially by the relaxation of exchange controls in 1979 and encouraged [later] by the strong performance of some overseas economies and stock-markets .

Subsequently , it authorises its splitting up and its transfer to other people 's banks .
[later] , it authorises its splitting up and its transfer to other people 's banks .

The basis for a Youth Employment Service , which subsequently became the Careers Service , was established by this Act .
the basis for a youth employment service , which [later] became the careers service , was established by this act .

In a consultation document issued before the publication of the Education Reform Bill that subsequently became the 1988 Act , the Secretaries of State for Education and Science and for Wales gave one example of how the national curriculum might be divided in practice .
in a consultation document issued before the publication of the education reform bill that [later] became the 1988 act , the secretaries of state for education and science and for wales gave one example of how the national curriculum might be divided in practice .

It is important to appreciate this point when considering the way in which Formalist thinking subsequently developed .
it is important to appreciate this point when considering the way in which formalist thinking [later] developed .

He explains what this means in practice as follows ( 1968 : 602–3 ) : This assertion , in another conference paper ( of 1960 ) entitled ‘ Poetry of grammar and grammar of poetry ’ , was subsequently corroborated by a series of studies of individual poems in six different European languages , ranging in date from the thirteenth to the twentieth century .
he explains what this means in practice as follows ( 1968 : 602–3 ) : this assertion , in another conference paper ( of 1960 ) entitled ‘ poetry of grammar and grammar of poetry ’ , was [later] corroborated by a series of studies of individual poems in six different european languages , ranging in date from the thirteenth to the twentieth century .

In the final article in this section , Rosemary Clarke compares the activities of teaching and Gestalt therapy , drawing parallels and pointing up interesting distinctions , as well as offering some of what she has learned in the course of being both a teacher and , subsequently , a therapist .
in the final article in this section , rosemary clarke compares the activities of teaching and gestalt therapy , drawing parallels and pointing up interesting distinctions , as well as offering some of what she has learned in the course of being both a teacher and , [later] , a therapist .

There is still widespread popular belief in the efficacy of practising such ‘ relevant ’ skills , even though research clearly indicates that such practice is largely futile : if pupils are unable to master a skill fairly quickly they do not appear to improve subsequently .
there is still widespread popular belief in the efficacy of practising such ‘ relevant ’ skills , even though research clearly indicates that such practice is largely futile : if pupils are unable to master a skill fairly quickly they do not appear to improve [later] .

Subsequently , they carried out the investigation ‘ Maxbox ’ , which involved deciding which of the open boxes that can be made from a 12 cm x 12 cm square of paper by cutting squares from the corners and folding into a lidless cuboid ‘ held the most ’ .
[later] , they carried out the investigation ‘ maxbox ’ , which involved deciding which of the open boxes that can be made from a 12 cm x 12 cm square of paper by cutting squares from the corners and folding into a lidless cuboid ‘ held the most ’ .

That need not jeopardise his position if he should subsequently emerge from his limbo .
that need not jeopardise his position if he should [later] emerge from his limbo .

Subsequently he brought an action for negligence in England .
[later] he brought an action for negligence in england .

Can he resile from this agreement when the debtor subsequently comes into money ?
can he resile from this agreement when the debtor [later] comes into money ?

Subsequently , he instituted the present friendly proceedings to test the legal position in regard to the rate at which the rent was payable .
[later] , he instituted the present friendly proceedings to test the legal position in regard to the rate at which the rent was payable .

Heads of Department and staff were also asked to use the International Reading Association check list in relation to the most popular texts so that their responses could subsequently be checked with mine ( see appendix 2 for check list and annotation ) .
heads of department and staff were also asked to use the international reading association check list in relation to the most popular texts so that their responses could [later] be checked with mine ( see appendix 2 for check list and annotation ) .

The materials which eventually evolved from this study include a questionnaire devised by the group and which has subsequently been used as a basis for further in-service training sessions in their schools .
the materials which eventually evolved from this study include a questionnaire devised by the group and which has [later] been used as a basis for further in-service training sessions in their schools .

Ministers were to work out what the plan would need in their respective areas of responsibility and the Ministry of Industry would subsequently devise the necessary `` practical solutions `` .
ministers were to work out what the plan would need in their respective areas of responsibility and the ministry of industry would [later] devise the necessary `` practical solutions `` .

At the end of the Civil War , and during the Second World War , it was relatively easy to persuade people that shortages of food , clothing , fuel and manufactured goods were due , first , to the destruction wrought by the `` reds `` and , subsequently , to the difficulties resulting from international conflict .
at the end of the civil war , and during the second world war , it was relatively easy to persuade people that shortages of food , clothing , fuel and manufactured goods were due , first , to the destruction wrought by the `` reds `` and , [later] , to the difficulties resulting from international conflict .

In fact , as an unpublished police report subsequently stated , the near-fatal shot had been fired by one of Alvarez 's own comrades .
in fact , as an unpublished police report [later] stated , the near-fatal shot had been fired by one of alvarez 's own comrades .

On March 5 , 1986 , the bank hired a male candidate who obtained a mark of 46.50 and subsequently it hired another six male candidates who had obtained marks between 46.50 and 42 while it did not hire the claimant , a woman who had obtained a mark of 48 .
on march 5 , 1986 , the bank hired a male candidate who obtained a mark of 46.50 and [later] it hired another six male candidates who had obtained marks between 46.50 and 42 while it did not hire the claimant , a woman who had obtained a mark of 48 .

Risk control is the process of implementing the outputs of the previous stages in order to achieve the desired level of risk , initially in the decision making phase of a project , and subsequently throughout the rest of the project life cycle .
risk control is the process of implementing the outputs of the previous stages in order to achieve the desired level of risk , initially in the decision making phase of a project , and [later] throughout the rest of the project life cycle .

Crucially , evacuees in the first wave were never subjected to systematic medical inspection — with the result that allegations thrived , both then and subsequently .
crucially , evacuees in the first wave were never subjected to systematic medical inspection — with the result that allegations thrived , both then and [later] .

Subsequently the 1947 Town and Country Planning Act brought almost all development under control by making it subject to planning permission .
[later] the 1947 town and country planning act brought almost all development under control by making it subject to planning permission .

The evidence available suggests that events at the operational level will be fully automatic in normal driving and that there is unlikely to be any episodic memory available of them subsequently unless unusual circumstances occurred to force controlled processes to be used .
the evidence available suggests that events at the operational level will be fully automatic in normal driving and that there is unlikely to be any episodic memory available of them [later] unless unusual circumstances occurred to force controlled processes to be used .

Although subjects in the study could almost all subsequently remember seeing the weapon they were worse at identifying the person holding it than in a comparable condition where the subjects had heard an ordinary conversation followed by a person passing through the room carrying a pen .
although subjects in the study could almost all [later] remember seeing the weapon they were worse at identifying the person holding it than in a comparable condition where the subjects had heard an ordinary conversation followed by a person passing through the room carrying a pen .

In such studies records of a very large number of events are taken over a considerable period of time and memory for the events is subsequently tested .
in such studies records of a very large number of events are taken over a considerable period of time and memory for the events is [later] tested .

In an ideal memory study drivers would be unobtrusively monitored during a range of everyday driving situations and subsequently questioned about the events .
in an ideal memory study drivers would be unobtrusively monitored during a range of everyday driving situations and [later] questioned about the events .

The video records of each drive were subsequently analysed to obtain various additional measures described below .
the video records of each drive were [later] analysed to obtain various additional measures described below .

Each subject 's descriptions were subsequently compared to the video tape of the drive .
each subject 's descriptions were [later] compared to the video tape of the drive .

The relationship found in the correlations is confirmed , risk ratings were a mean 2.6 points higher for the junctions subsequently recalled and accident estimates were 2.9 points higher .
the relationship found in the correlations is confirmed , risk ratings were a mean 2.6 points higher for the junctions [later] recalled and accident estimates were 2.9 points higher .

In the previous study subjectively risky situations were more likely to be subsequently recalled than their less risky counterparts .
in the previous study subjectively risky situations were more likely to be [later] recalled than their less risky counterparts .

However , schema-consistent information is assumed to be more easy to integrate into existing memory structures and more likely to be subsequently recalled since active schema guide and cue the retrieval process ( Brewer & Treyens , 1981 ) .
however , schema-consistent information is assumed to be more easy to integrate into existing memory structures and more likely to be [later] recalled since active schema guide and cue the retrieval process ( brewer & treyens , 1981 ) .

Subsequently some more exploratory analyses are reported .
[later] some more exploratory analyses are reported .

If subjects actually experienced risk while watching the films then it is possible that attention focusing might have taken place and systematically biased the information subsequently described by subjects .
if subjects actually experienced risk while watching the films then it is possible that attention focusing might have taken place and systematically biased the information [later] described by subjects .

Subsequently borrowings were repaid in both the third and fourth quarters , from a combination of a reduction in liquid resources and the measures taken to return to a positive cash flow .
[later] borrowings were repaid in both the third and fourth quarters , from a combination of a reduction in liquid resources and the measures taken to return to a positive cash flow .

In normal recruitment procedures , where applications are invited from as wide a range as possible and where interviews subsequently take place any protection an employee may have had previously ceases .
in normal recruitment procedures , where applications are invited from as wide a range as possible and where interviews [later] take place any protection an employee may have had previously ceases .

It was only this January that the Canadian government stepped in to prop up the project taking a 6.5 per cent share which has subsequently been sold to the Murphy Oil Company of Arkansas .
it was only this january that the canadian government stepped in to prop up the project taking a 6.5 per cent share which has [later] been sold to the murphy oil company of arkansas .

On 1 February 1993 , at the offices of agents Hayashi & co Ltd , the award was accepted on Johnson Matthey 's behalf and subsequently sent to Maastricht .
on 1 february 1993 , at the offices of agents hayashi & co ltd , the award was accepted on johnson matthey 's behalf and [later] sent to maastricht .

To provide training in research methods which makes them capable subsequently of assuming the role of independent scholars and research workers at the highest level . ’
to provide training in research methods which makes them capable [later] of assuming the role of independent scholars and research workers at the highest level . ’

Papers subsequently published by such researchers may show no obvious Scottish connection in their titles , but it can not be assumed that the work is unrelated to their thesis topic .
papers [later] published by such researchers may show no obvious scottish connection in their titles , but it can not be assumed that the work is unrelated to their thesis topic .

Undoubtedly , however , some papers are written and subsequently rejected by the editors of journals as being of an insufficiently high standard .
undoubtedly , however , some papers are written and [later] rejected by the editors of journals as being of an insufficiently high standard .

Such consultations , together with the decrease in publication delays , will lead to a reduction of the latency period , because there is now a higher probability that the thesis , or papers derived from it , will be read and subsequently cited , but there may also be other factors involved .
such consultations , together with the decrease in publication delays , will lead to a reduction of the latency period , because there is now a higher probability that the thesis , or papers derived from it , will be read and [later] cited , but there may also be other factors involved .

For those theses which were read , and were subsequently not cited , Kochen 's fourth alternative contains some of the possible reasons for non-citation , but there may be others , and it is not possible to choose between them from the evidence currently available .
for those theses which were read , and were [later] not cited , kochen 's fourth alternative contains some of the possible reasons for non-citation , but there may be others , and it is not possible to choose between them from the evidence currently available .

Questionnaires depend on the use of some verbal stimuli — normally a question , but sometimes a statement expressing an attitude or an opinion — designed to elicit a verbal response which is recorded and subsequently analysed along with other responses from other interviewees .
questionnaires depend on the use of some verbal stimuli — normally a question , but sometimes a statement expressing an attitude or an opinion — designed to elicit a verbal response which is recorded and [later] analysed along with other responses from other interviewees .

The replacement of Hungarian-speaking prefects by Romanian-speakers in two mainly Hungarian-speaking counties , reported on July 21 , provoked protests from the Hungarian community and the decision was subsequently modified .
the replacement of hungarian-speaking prefects by romanian-speakers in two mainly hungarian-speaking counties , reported on july 21 , provoked protests from the hungarian community and the decision was [later] modified .

This government would subsequently organize free elections within nine to 12 months .
this government would [later] organize free elections within nine to 12 months .

It subsequently emerged that he had been assassinated by a young Tamil woman who triggered explosives strapped to her back while presenting him with a bouquet .
it [later] emerged that he had been assassinated by a young tamil woman who triggered explosives strapped to her back while presenting him with a bouquet .

The body of one of the four , `` Stompie `` Moeketsie Seipei , was subsequently found on waste ground , and one of Winnie Mandela 's bodyguards was sentenced to death for his murder [ see pp .
the body of one of the four , `` stompie `` moeketsie seipei , was [later] found on waste ground , and one of winnie mandela 's bodyguards was sentenced to death for his murder [ see pp .

He was subsequently diagnosed as having Graves 's disease .
he was [later] diagnosed as having graves 's disease .

Peasant co-operatives were allowed to opt to become limited liability companies , shares in which might subsequently be sold to those who were not themselves farmers .
peasant co-operatives were allowed to opt to become limited liability companies , shares in which might [later] be sold to those who were not themselves farmers .

It was also found that the victim had been assaulted at the police station while in a semi-conscious state , and that , subsequently , the police had concealed and falsified evidence , and conducted a defective internal inquiry .
it was also found that the victim had been assaulted at the police station while in a semi-conscious state , and that , [later] , the police had concealed and falsified evidence , and conducted a defective internal inquiry .

Seventeen people were subsequently arrested for reselling share applications and vouchers .
seventeen people were [later] arrested for reselling share applications and vouchers .

It was subsequently rescheduled with a greater emphasis on trade rather than diplomacy .
it was [later] rescheduled with a greater emphasis on trade rather than diplomacy .

Brooke subsequently apologized and offered his resignation , but this was rejected by the Prime Minister , John Major .
brooke [later] apologized and offered his resignation , but this was rejected by the prime minister , john major .

The Health Ministry subsequently claimed that 160 shipments of medicines and medical equipment , paid for before Aug. 2 , 1990 ( the date of Iraq 's invasion of Kuwait ) , were detained at foreign ports .
the health ministry [later] claimed that 160 shipments of medicines and medical equipment , paid for before aug. 2 , 1990 ( the date of iraq 's invasion of kuwait ) , were detained at foreign ports .

Thirteen middle-ranking securities firms followed the example of the four largest houses by making available the lists of those clients who had been compensated and , like them , were subsequently fined by the Japan Securities Dealers Association .
thirteen middle-ranking securities firms followed the example of the four largest houses by making available the lists of those clients who had been compensated and , like them , were [later] fined by the japan securities dealers association .

Aoun and his two colleagues , Gen. Issam Abu Jamrah and Gen. Adgar Ma'luf , were subsequently given a special pardon by President Elias Hrawi .
aoun and his two colleagues , gen. issam abu jamrah and gen. adgar ma'luf , were [later] given a special pardon by president elias hrawi .

The Extraditables subsequently claimed that they had decided to spare her life but had been unable to prevent her murder from being carried out .
the extraditables [later] claimed that they had decided to spare her life but had been unable to prevent her murder from being carried out .

He subsequently offered to supply free electricity to Czechoslovakia to compensate for the loss of generating capacity from the plant .
he [later] offered to supply free electricity to czechoslovakia to compensate for the loss of generating capacity from the plant .

This line had been subsequently , if somewhat reluctantly , endorsed by Premier Li Peng , the architect of the suppression of the Tiananmen Square demonstrations , in March , and by Chen Yen , another key hardliner , in May .
this line had been [later] , if somewhat reluctantly , endorsed by premier li peng , the architect of the suppression of the tiananmen square demonstrations , in march , and by chen yen , another key hardliner , in may .

Suchinda had resigned on May 24 and had subsequently sought sanctuary in a military barracks in Bangkok , the capital .
suchinda had resigned on may 24 and had [later] sought sanctuary in a military barracks in bangkok , the capital .

( This poll date was subsequently confirmed by a decision on July 9 . )
( this poll date was [later] confirmed by a decision on july 9 . )

The authorities subsequently declared , however , that there had been a single assassin , who had been captured on June 29 but not at the scene of the crime .
the authorities [later] declared , however , that there had been a single assassin , who had been captured on june 29 but not at the scene of the crime .

Elections in February 1990 to the Supreme Soviet ( subsequently renamed the Supreme Council ) had resulted in a majority of seats going to the nationalist Sajudis movement [ see pp .
elections in february 1990 to the supreme soviet ( [later] renamed the supreme council ) had resulted in a majority of seats going to the nationalist sajudis movement [ see pp .

Croatia on Sept. 15 cut off all supplies to 15 army bases , which subsequently surrendered , and extended the blockade throughout Croatia .
croatia on sept. 15 cut off all supplies to 15 army bases , which [later] surrendered , and extended the blockade throughout croatia .

The State Council subsequently instituted a nationwide restructuring campaign , and set a Sept. 20 deadline for clearing debt arrears between enterprises .
the state council [later] instituted a nationwide restructuring campaign , and set a sept. 20 deadline for clearing debt arrears between enterprises .

This bill was subsequently to be discussed by the federal Parliament and , if enacted , would be valid until the end of 1996 .
this bill was [later] to be discussed by the federal parliament and , if enacted , would be valid until the end of 1996 .

Popular discontent subsequently resulted in the government 's loss of support in the October local government election results and the taxi-drivers ' strike at the end of the same month [ see p. 37791 ] .
popular discontent [later] resulted in the government 's loss of support in the october local government election results and the taxi-drivers ' strike at the end of the same month [ see p. 37791 ] .

Large demonstrations in 1990 had forced the government to accept the principle of multiparty democracy , and 11 political parties were subsequently legalized ; the government insisted , however , that it would remain in office during elections , promised by the end of 1991 .
large demonstrations in 1990 had forced the government to accept the principle of multiparty democracy , and 11 political parties were [later] legalized ; the government insisted , however , that it would remain in office during elections , promised by the end of 1991 .

It was subsequently announced that the government planned to increase the size of the country 's internal security forces to accommodate some 16,000 `` unemployed `` militiamen .
it was [later] announced that the government planned to increase the size of the country 's internal security forces to accommodate some 16,000 `` unemployed `` militiamen .

The leader of the Kosovo Parliamentary Party , Veton Suroi , was subsequently sentenced to two months ' imprisonment for organising the event without seeking permission , or registering it with the police .
the leader of the kosovo parliamentary party , veton suroi , was [later] sentenced to two months ' imprisonment for organising the event without seeking permission , or registering it with the police .

He subsequently accused them of attempting to blackmail the government , and threatened to place their operations under military control if they attempted further action .
he [later] accused them of attempting to blackmail the government , and threatened to place their operations under military control if they attempted further action .

Initiated in 1989 and subsequently entrusted to a royal commission for drafting [ see pp. 37053 ; 37392 ] , the national charter also reaffirmed Islamic law or sharia as the basic source of legislation and Arab Islamic civilization as the foundation of national identity .
initiated in 1989 and [later] entrusted to a royal commission for drafting [ see pp. 37053 ; 37392 ] , the national charter also reaffirmed islamic law or sharia as the basic source of legislation and arab islamic civilization as the foundation of national identity .

The two men convicted , a number of detainees held in connection with the same case , and all those involved in the Oct. 5 events , were subsequently pardoned and released by presidential decree .
the two men convicted , a number of detainees held in connection with the same case , and all those involved in the oct. 5 events , were [later] pardoned and released by presidential decree .

Government officials subsequently referred to the plot merely as a plan to `` destabilize `` the government ; Herrera , arrested in Panama City on Oct. 25 , described the whole incident as a `` circus act `` designed to distract public attention from the country 's true problems .
government officials [later] referred to the plot merely as a plan to `` destabilize `` the government ; herrera , arrested in panama city on oct. 25 , described the whole incident as a `` circus act `` designed to distract public attention from the country 's true problems .

34032-33 ] , subsequently evolving into a permanent forum to discuss inter-regional affairs .
34032-33 ] , [later] evolving into a permanent forum to discuss inter-regional affairs .

Klaus subsequently declared that he intended to steer Civic Forum , currently a broad-based coalition , to the right .
klaus [later] declared that he intended to steer civic forum , currently a broad-based coalition , to the right .

The Front subsequently suspended a general strike order issued on June 6 .
the front [later] suspended a general strike order issued on june 6 .

Allegations that some Sandinistas had embezzled state property in the final weeks in power [ see also p. 38282 ] had led to expectations , subsequently unrealized , that a purge of the leadership would be demanded .
allegations that some sandinistas had embezzled state property in the final weeks in power [ see also p. 38282 ] had led to expectations , [later] unrealized , that a purge of the leadership would be demanded .

Norwegian police confirmed the arrest of two Norwegian businessmen suspected of selling the computers to a UK-based company which subsequently arranged for their shipment to Pakistan .
norwegian police confirmed the arrest of two norwegian businessmen suspected of selling the computers to a uk-based company which [later] arranged for their shipment to pakistan .

The firms were also accused of subsequently attempting to conceal the payments which , although not illegal , violated the non-binding guidelines of the Ministry of Finance which had been in effect since December 1989 .
the firms were also accused of [later] attempting to conceal the payments which , although not illegal , violated the non-binding guidelines of the ministry of finance which had been in effect since december 1989 .

Marie-Helène Joiret , a council member in Flémalle , who was with Cools , was shot in the abdomen and subsequently taken to hospital in a serious condition .
marie-helène joiret , a council member in flémalle , who was with cools , was shot in the abdomen and [later] taken to hospital in a serious condition .

Trovoada , a 54-year-old lawyer ( whose name was previously given as Trouvoada ) , served as Prime Minister from 1975 to 1979 , but was imprisoned for 21 months after a quarrel with Pinto da Costa , who subsequently allowed him to leave the country in 1981 .
trovoada , a 54-year-old lawyer ( whose name was previously given as trouvoada ) , served as prime minister from 1975 to 1979 , but was imprisoned for 21 months after a quarrel with pinto da costa , who [later] allowed him to leave the country in 1981 .

The Barkhor , the path around the central Jokhang Temple in Lhasa and the focus of previous protests , was reportedly bulldozed on March 2 , and five monks were subsequently arrested for demonstrating .
the barkhor , the path around the central jokhang temple in lhasa and the focus of previous protests , was reportedly bulldozed on march 2 , and five monks were [later] arrested for demonstrating .

37904-05 ; for budget introduced in August 1990 and subsequently withdrawn see p. 37660 ] .
37904-05 ; for budget introduced in august 1990 and [later] withdrawn see p. 37660 ] .

By late September the government was attempting to negotiate with the rebels through local community leaders , and about 90 people taken hostage in the north were subsequently returned to N'Djamena .
by late september the government was attempting to negotiate with the rebels through local community leaders , and about 90 people taken hostage in the north were [later] returned to n'djamena .

, subsequently approved an interim pay rise of 45 per cent for the 350,000 members of the armed forces .
, [later] approved an interim pay rise of 45 per cent for the 350,000 members of the armed forces .

Major new initiatives , some subsequently reversed , were announced during October by the government as part of its privatization programme [ for which see pp. 38007 ; 38289 ] .
major new initiatives , some [later] reversed , were announced during october by the government as part of its privatization programme [ for which see pp. 38007 ; 38289 ] .

The government had offered to contribute 30,000 million forints , which it was subsequently proposed should be used instead for development in rural areas .
the government had offered to contribute 30,000 million forints , which it was [later] proposed should be used instead for development in rural areas .

The death penalty , upheld after an appeal to the Supreme Court on Feb. 16 and subsequently confirmed by the Council of State chaired by President Fidel Castro , had been passed on Feb. 5 by the Havana Popular Provincial Court .
the death penalty , upheld after an appeal to the supreme court on feb. 16 and [later] confirmed by the council of state chaired by president fidel castro , had been passed on feb. 5 by the havana popular provincial court .

Vice-President Gonzalo Aguirre Ramírez had joined in the demands for the dismissal of Braga , who was subsequently appointed president of the Banco de la República .
vice-president gonzalo aguirre ramírez had joined in the demands for the dismissal of braga , who was [later] appointed president of the banco de la república .

( He subsequently declared in a radio interview that he was in good health . )
( he [later] declared in a radio interview that he was in good health . )

However , coalition leaders subsequently appeared to backtrack on the agreement , when they claimed that the proposed constitutional changes would only become effective once Suchinda had served his full four-year term .
however , coalition leaders [later] appeared to backtrack on the agreement , when they claimed that the proposed constitutional changes would only become effective once suchinda had served his full four-year term .

He did , however , admit to having accepted some `` improper `` contributions which he had subsequently reimbursed .
he did , however , admit to having accepted some `` improper `` contributions which he had [later] reimbursed .

To rebut his mother 's allegations , Pedro Collor subsequently consulted medical specialists and was passed mentally and physically fit .
to rebut his mother 's allegations , pedro collor [later] consulted medical specialists and was passed mentally and physically fit .

According to figures released by the Finance Ministry on May 21 , some 8,500,000 citizens had bought their entitlement of vouchers , of which some 72 per cent had subsequently been placed with investment funds [ see pp. 38776-77 ] .
according to figures released by the finance ministry on may 21 , some 8,500,000 citizens had bought their entitlement of vouchers , of which some 72 per cent had [later] been placed with investment funds [ see pp. 38776-77 ] .

35835-36 ] ; however , the government was subsequently paralysed by renewed agitation launched in October 1990 [ see pp .
35835-36 ] ; however , the government was [later] paralysed by renewed agitation launched in october 1990 [ see pp .

The date was subsequently brought forward to Feb. 27 after the National Moon Sighting Committee advised the election commission that a Moslem holiday was likely to fall on March 2 .
the date was [later] brought forward to feb. 27 after the national moon sighting committee advised the election commission that a moslem holiday was likely to fall on march 2 .

36972-73 ] and subsequently cashiered , but Seineldin had been re-arrested and sentenced on Oct. 22 to 60 days ' military detention in San Martín de los Andes , 1,500 km from Buenos Aires , for bypassing the Army chain of command and writing directly to Menem warning him of growing discontent within the Army [ see p. 37853 ] .
36972-73 ] and [later] cashiered , but seineldin had been re-arrested and sentenced on oct. 22 to 60 days ' military detention in san martín de los andes , 1,500 km from buenos aires , for bypassing the army chain of command and writing directly to menem warning him of growing discontent within the army [ see p. 37853 ] .

Some 157 demonstrators were subsequently convicted of a range of offences and were sentenced to up to 20 years ' imprisonment .
some 157 demonstrators were [later] convicted of a range of offences and were sentenced to up to 20 years ' imprisonment .

The Democratic Party subsequently also complained that it was being denied access to the state-controlled media .
the democratic party [later] also complained that it was being denied access to the state-controlled media .

Yeltsin had said at a press conference after the Alma Ata meeting that `` we do not want to follow the tradition which has taken shape since 1917 of burying each [ former ] head and leader of the state and subsequently reburying him or regarding him as a criminal `` .
yeltsin had said at a press conference after the alma ata meeting that `` we do not want to follow the tradition which has taken shape since 1917 of burying each [ former ] head and leader of the state and [later] reburying him or regarding him as a criminal `` .

Dejean Belizaire , the president of the parliament , subsequently announced on Dec. 9 that Aristide 's return depended on his accepting one of the national consensus candidates for Prime Minister .
dejean belizaire , the president of the parliament , [later] announced on dec. 9 that aristide 's return depended on his accepting one of the national consensus candidates for prime minister .

President Andrés Rodríguez and the military had subsequently compelled the party 's internal factions to present a united front .
president andrés rodríguez and the military had [later] compelled the party 's internal factions to present a united front .

Four people , including the owner of the shop , were subsequently arrested and charged with offences including murder .
four people , including the owner of the shop , were [later] arrested and charged with offences including murder .

Three of the attackers subsequently died .
three of the attackers [later] died .

The initiative was part of a wider programme of constitutional reform , and the government subsequently confirmed that other changes — to restore the power of the president to remove commanders-in-chief of the armed forces , and to eliminate the in-built bias of the current political system to the right wing — would be presented in March 1992 .
the initiative was part of a wider programme of constitutional reform , and the government [later] confirmed that other changes — to restore the power of the president to remove commanders-in-chief of the armed forces , and to eliminate the in-built bias of the current political system to the right wing — would be presented in march 1992 .

The question of the Ministries of Defence and Foreign Affairs was discussed in closed session , and their survival was subsequently decided .
the question of the ministries of defence and foreign affairs was discussed in closed session , and their survival was [later] decided .

Other supporters of Hun Sen 's liberalization drive , including Khieu Kanharith , editor of the weekly magazine Kampuchea , were subsequently dismissed from their posts and replaced with supporters of Chea Sim .
other supporters of hun sen 's liberalization drive , including khieu kanharith , editor of the weekly magazine kampuchea , were [later] dismissed from their posts and replaced with supporters of chea sim .

In late July 1990 President Gayoom announced that he had pardoned Ibrahim Nasir , his predecessor as President , who had fled the country in 1978 and had subsequently been charged with corruption .
in late july 1990 president gayoom announced that he had pardoned ibrahim nasir , his predecessor as president , who had fled the country in 1978 and had [later] been charged with corruption .

Nguyen Ngoc Lan was subsequently placed under house arrest , while Fr Chan Tin was transferred to a different church .
nguyen ngoc lan was [later] placed under house arrest , while fr chan tin was transferred to a different church .

On May 14 , 1987 , there followed a coup led by Lt.-Col. ( subsequently Maj.-Gen. ) Sitiveni Rabuka and supported by the ( predominantly Melanesian ) armed forces , which involved the detention of the new government and the establishment of a military regime .
on may 14 , 1987 , there followed a coup led by lt.-col. ( [later] maj.-gen. ) sitiveni rabuka and supported by the ( predominantly melanesian ) armed forces , which involved the detention of the new government and the establishment of a military regime .

On Aug. 28 , the Interior Minister , Daouda Rabiou , made a statement on national television apparently going along with the men 's action , and the government subsequently seemed powerless to do otherwise .
on aug. 28 , the interior minister , daouda rabiou , made a statement on national television apparently going along with the men 's action , and the government [later] seemed powerless to do otherwise .

The government subsequently announced , on Sept. 18 , a 20 per cent reduction in the price of bottled gas , used by most households .
the government [later] announced , on sept. 18 , a 20 per cent reduction in the price of bottled gas , used by most households .

In the absence of a new constitution , however , this was still not permitted , and Fujimori subsequently made it known that Gúzman would be sentenced to perpetual imprisonment on Oct. 17 by a military court ; this sentence , he said , would be confirmed by the Supreme Military Justice Council on Oct. 27 .
in the absence of a new constitution , however , this was still not permitted , and fujimori [later] made it known that gúzman would be sentenced to perpetual imprisonment on oct. 17 by a military court ; this sentence , he said , would be confirmed by the supreme military justice council on oct. 27 .

He subsequently made a brief stop in Turkey en route to Geneva .
he [later] made a brief stop in turkey en route to geneva .

Subsequently , the party paper Dielli reported , the League 's name was changed to the People 's Party .
[later] , the party paper dielli reported , the league 's name was changed to the people 's party .

Although frequent high-level negotiations were subsequently , held , skirmishing continued .
although frequent high-level negotiations were [later] , held , skirmishing continued .

Three skinheads were each sentenced in Frankfurt-an-der Oder on Sept. 14 to four years ' imprisonment for beating up three African immigrants , one of whom subsequently died , in Eberswalde in November 1991 .
three skinheads were each sentenced in frankfurt-an-der oder on sept. 14 to four years ' imprisonment for beating up three african immigrants , one of whom [later] died , in eberswalde in november 1991 .

Two members of the House of Representatives , Laith Shbeilat and Yaqoub Qarrash , both independent Islamists , were arrested in late August and subsequently charged , along with two other people , with plotting to overthrow the government and having links with foreign powers .
two members of the house of representatives , laith shbeilat and yaqoub qarrash , both independent islamists , were arrested in late august and [later] charged , along with two other people , with plotting to overthrow the government and having links with foreign powers .

Iran subsequently rejected the outcome of the meeting as detrimental to higher oil prices .
iran [later] rejected the outcome of the meeting as detrimental to higher oil prices .

He was appointed as Defence Minister ( and subsequently as commander-in-chief ) of Prince Souphanouvong 's Pathet Lao resistance government in 1950 .
he was appointed as defence minister ( and [later] as commander-in-chief ) of prince souphanouvong 's pathet lao resistance government in 1950 .

He condemned the Soviet invasion of Hungary in 1956 and visited the grave of Imre Nagy , the leader of the revolutionary government during the uprising who was subsequently executed .
he condemned the soviet invasion of hungary in 1956 and visited the grave of imre nagy , the leader of the revolutionary government during the uprising who was [later] executed .

One `` secret witness `` , subsequently identified as a German of Iraqi origin , recanted his testimony during the trial and claimed that he had been forced to make a false testimony under duress .
one `` secret witness `` , [later] identified as a german of iraqi origin , recanted his testimony during the trial and claimed that he had been forced to make a false testimony under duress .

He had resigned from the Military Council in April 1989 and had subsequently been arrested and charged with illegal possession of arms and ammunition .
he had resigned from the military council in april 1989 and had [later] been arrested and charged with illegal possession of arms and ammunition .

Only the main student party , the Democracy Party for a New Society , refused to sign decree 1/90 ; eight of its leaders were subsequently arrested .
only the main student party , the democracy party for a new society , refused to sign decree 1/90 ; eight of its leaders were [later] arrested .

He subsequently withdrew this admission , and on Oct. 29 he denied the persisting reports of his involvement .
he [later] withdrew this admission , and on oct. 29 he denied the persisting reports of his involvement .

On April 30 a television programme had claimed that the Labour Party had hosted secret fund-raising dinners for prominent business executives , that certain companies had made significant secret contributions to the party 's campaign fund , and that these had subsequently profited from sales of state assets .
on april 30 a television programme had claimed that the labour party had hosted secret fund-raising dinners for prominent business executives , that certain companies had made significant secret contributions to the party 's campaign fund , and that these had [later] profited from sales of state assets .

On May 14 , 1987 , a coup led by Lt.-Col. ( subsequently Maj.-Gen. ) Sitiveni Rabuka and supported by the ( predominantly Melanesian ) armed forces ousted the new coalition government and established a military regime .
on may 14 , 1987 , a coup led by lt.-col. ( [later] maj.-gen. ) sitiveni rabuka and supported by the ( predominantly melanesian ) armed forces ousted the new coalition government and established a military regime .

Stone-throwing attacks were subsequently reported on the houses of the Indian-born magistrate and defence lawyer .
stone-throwing attacks were [later] reported on the houses of the indian-born magistrate and defence lawyer .

The Attorney-General subsequently announced that libel was to be treated as a criminal offence , provoking protests against censorship from the local and foreign press .
the attorney-general [later] announced that libel was to be treated as a criminal offence , provoking protests against censorship from the local and foreign press .

Following Rocard 's visit , France set up a trade mission and subsequently agreed to provide military training and offered to build a military maintenance centre .
following rocard 's visit , france set up a trade mission and [later] agreed to provide military training and offered to build a military maintenance centre .

The New Zealand government subsequently announced a similar move .
the new zealand government [later] announced a similar move .

John Demjanjuk , convicted in April 1988 by an Israeli court of participation in the murder of around 870,000 Jews at the Treblinka extermination camp in 1942 and 1943 [ see p. 36189 ] , subsequently lodged an appeal with the Supreme Court .
john demjanjuk , convicted in april 1988 by an israeli court of participation in the murder of around 870,000 jews at the treblinka extermination camp in 1942 and 1943 [ see p. 36189 ] , [later] lodged an appeal with the supreme court .

The government subsequently confirmed that it would reintroduce the war crimes bill in the 1990-91 session of parliament .
the government [later] confirmed that it would reintroduce the war crimes bill in the 1990-91 session of parliament .

Subsequently , the Congress voted to retake control of the parliamentary armed guard ( the Directorate for the Protection of the Supreme Bodies of Power and Government ) , removed from Supreme Soviet control in October [ see p. 39154 ] .
[later] , the congress voted to retake control of the parliamentary armed guard ( the directorate for the protection of the supreme bodies of power and government ) , removed from supreme soviet control in october [ see p. 39154 ] .

Troops were subsequently reported to have been offered by Argentina , Botswana , Chile , Egypt , Hungary , Kenya , Morocco , Nigeria , Saudi Arabia , Tunisia , Turkey , Uganda and Zimbabwe .
troops were [later] reported to have been offered by argentina , botswana , chile , egypt , hungary , kenya , morocco , nigeria , saudi arabia , tunisia , turkey , uganda and zimbabwe .

In 1979 he was expelled from the National Assembly and was subsequently banned from political activity .
in 1979 he was expelled from the national assembly and was [later] banned from political activity .

He subsequently described this as merely a `` rhetorical technique , `` and underlined that these remarks did not represent Yelsin 's views or his own .
he [later] described this as merely a `` rhetorical technique , `` and underlined that these remarks did not represent yelsin 's views or his own .

Strong winds and heavy seas subsequently helped disperse much of the oil .
strong winds and heavy seas [later] helped disperse much of the oil .

Bush subsequently made a final offer to Israel , which included a number of concessions .
bush [later] made a final offer to israel , which included a number of concessions .

Neither in his speech on Oct. 16 nor subsequently did Babangida confirm whether the timetable for the end of military rule , envisaging presidential elections on Dec. 5 and the inauguration of a civilian administration on Jan. 2 , 1993 , would be met .
neither in his speech on oct. 16 nor [later] did babangida confirm whether the timetable for the end of military rule , envisaging presidential elections on dec. 5 and the inauguration of a civilian administration on jan. 2 , 1993 , would be met .

Talks subsequently took place in Pristina on Oct. 29 between Serbian and Albanian leaders , Panic , Vance and Owen , resulting in an agreement on the return of Albanian children to classes held in the Albanian language and a minimum agreement on lifting discriminatory laws .
talks [later] took place in pristina on oct. 29 between serbian and albanian leaders , panic , vance and owen , resulting in an agreement on the return of albanian children to classes held in the albanian language and a minimum agreement on lifting discriminatory laws .

On Oct. 5 the principal nationalist candidate Lennart Meri , Foreign Minister until March 1992 and subsequently ambassador to Finland , was elected President by the Parliament , the Riigikogu .
on oct. 5 the principal nationalist candidate lennart meri , foreign minister until march 1992 and [later] ambassador to finland , was elected president by the parliament , the riigikogu .

It was reported that Boloña had been replaced by the Foreign Minister , Augusto Blacker Miller , one of his bitterest critics , but it was subsequently learned that Fujimori had persuaded Boloña to withdraw his resignation [ see below for Cabinet changes ] .
it was reported that boloña had been replaced by the foreign minister , augusto blacker miller , one of his bitterest critics , but it was [later] learned that fujimori had persuaded boloña to withdraw his resignation [ see below for cabinet changes ] .

Both had been active in the 1976 movement of dissent , and Wang had subsequently held office in the Communist Party .
both had been active in the 1976 movement of dissent , and wang had [later] held office in the communist party .

The then President , Mathieu Kerekou , subsequently accepted the decisions .
the then president , mathieu kerekou , [later] accepted the decisions .

News reports in December indicating that there had been an attempted coup were subsequently dismissed by Jawara as groundless rumours .
news reports in december indicating that there had been an attempted coup were [later] dismissed by jawara as groundless rumours .

The country has subsequently been riven by civil war , although from 1987 the regime of President Hissène Habré sought to build greater national unity and succeeded in expelling Libyan troops from the north .
the country has [later] been riven by civil war , although from 1987 the regime of president hissène habré sought to build greater national unity and succeeded in expelling libyan troops from the north .

34536-38 ] at the head of the National Resistance Movement which had waged a guerrilla war since 1981 , first against the Obote regime and subsequently against the military government which deposed Obote in July 1985 .
34536-38 ] at the head of the national resistance movement which had waged a guerrilla war since 1981 , first against the obote regime and [later] against the military government which deposed obote in july 1985 .

However , it was subsequently discovered that the real target had been the Interior Minister Moussa , the attack being carried out by the Islamic fundamentalist group Al Jihad , allegedly in retaliation for the killing of two Islamic leaders by the security forces in August and September .
however , it was [later] discovered that the real target had been the interior minister moussa , the attack being carried out by the islamic fundamentalist group al jihad , allegedly in retaliation for the killing of two islamic leaders by the security forces in august and september .

The same regions that once benefited from growth in these industries have , subsequently , suffered economic decline and depression .
the same regions that once benefited from growth in these industries have , [later] , suffered economic decline and depression .

If this is not accommodated by capital inflows there will be downward pressure on income levels and subsequently increased unemployment .
if this is not accommodated by capital inflows there will be downward pressure on income levels and [later] increased unemployment .

The early development of Britain as an urban industrial society bequeathed to the twentieth century a huge stock of dwellings which were old , small , densely packed together , often poorly built originally and badly maintained subsequently .
the early development of britain as an urban industrial society bequeathed to the twentieth century a huge stock of dwellings which were old , small , densely packed together , often poorly built originally and badly maintained [later] .

On completion of the modernisation , the lifts were subject to a one year Defects Liability ( Guarantee ) and free service period , and subsequently have become subject to a new comprehensive Maintenance Contract .
on completion of the modernisation , the lifts were subject to a one year defects liability ( guarantee ) and free service period , and [later] have become subject to a new comprehensive maintenance contract .

The situation in the Caribbean was significantly different in that the process of " dialect creation " actually involved the creation of new languages through the processes of pidginisation and creolisation , and subsequently , decreolisation — as the Creole grew closer to Standard through prolonged contact with the lexifier language ( the language which contributed most of the vocabulary — in this case , English ) .
the situation in the caribbean was significantly different in that the process of " dialect creation " actually involved the creation of new languages through the processes of pidginisation and creolisation , and [later] , decreolisation — as the creole grew closer to standard through prolonged contact with the lexifier language ( the language which contributed most of the vocabulary — in this case , english ) .

His union with Boleslav 's sister may have both removed any danger from the Poles and secured their assistance against other tribes , and he subsequently turned his attention , in alliance with Olaf of Sweden and the Norwegian Earl Eric of Lade , to the destruction of Olaf Tryggvason , king of Norway .
his union with boleslav 's sister may have both removed any danger from the poles and secured their assistance against other tribes , and he [later] turned his attention , in alliance with olaf of sweden and the norwegian earl eric of lade , to the destruction of olaf tryggvason , king of norway .

Olaf was killed , and Swegen and Earl Eric subsequently controlled Norway together .
olaf was killed , and swegen and earl eric [later] controlled norway together .

It is impossible to prove that the rivalries thus engendered endured , or that the king subsequently failed to impose himself on his major followers , favouring some individuals at the expense of others , and allowing his officials to get out of hand , all at the expense of national unity .
it is impossible to prove that the rivalries thus engendered endured , or that the king [later] failed to impose himself on his major followers , favouring some individuals at the expense of others , and allowing his officials to get out of hand , all at the expense of national unity .

As a Jumièges monk , some of his information may have derived from its former abbot , Robert , who became bishop of London and then in 1051 archbishop of Canterbury , but fled England during the political crisis of 1052 , subsequently returning to Jumièges , where he died .
as a jumièges monk , some of his information may have derived from its former abbot , robert , who became bishop of london and then in 1051 archbishop of canterbury , but fled england during the political crisis of 1052 , [later] returning to jumièges , where he died .

Cnut subsequently retained forty ships in his service , and proceeded west for the meeting at Oxford where the Chronicle says Danes and English came to an understanding .
cnut [later] retained forty ships in his service , and proceeded west for the meeting at oxford where the chronicle says danes and english came to an understanding .

He may have fought in the army raiding England between 1009 and 1012 , and certainly assisted in Cnut 's conquest of 1015 – 16 , subsequently receiving the earldom of Northumbria .
he may have fought in the army raiding england between 1009 and 1012 , and certainly assisted in cnut 's conquest of 1015 – 16 , [later] receiving the earldom of northumbria .

Unfortunately , Olaf died c.1022 , to be succeeded by his son Anund Jacob , and Cnut 's position in Denmark subsequently came under serious threat .
unfortunately , olaf died c.1022 , to be succeeded by his son anund jacob , and cnut 's position in denmark [later] came under serious threat .

Brihtheah , the nephew of Archbishop Wulfstan , was abbot of Pershore and later bishop of Worcester , while Bishop Brihtwine of Sherborne was succeeded by his brother , and Brihtwold of Cornwall was the uncle of Lyfing , abbot of Tavistock and subsequently bishop of Crediton , Cornwall and Worcester .
brihtheah , the nephew of archbishop wulfstan , was abbot of pershore and later bishop of worcester , while bishop brihtwine of sherborne was succeeded by his brother , and brihtwold of cornwall was the uncle of lyfing , abbot of tavistock and [later] bishop of crediton , cornwall and worcester .

It is suggestive that his initial conception of the French Community ( which he subsequently modified to meet the objections of black African leaders ) would have denied African nations the option of independence .
it is suggestive that his initial conception of the french community ( which he [later] modified to meet the objections of black african leaders ) would have denied african nations the option of independence .

One way of coping with the dilemma of too much or too little bottom-up acoustic information is to use broad , and hopefully robust representation primitives initially to access a number of word hypotheses bottom-up and subsequently use a word verifier for more accurate matching and rating of the hypotheses against the input . Zue ( 1986 ) proposes the following :
one way of coping with the dilemma of too much or too little bottom-up acoustic information is to use broad , and hopefully robust representation primitives initially to access a number of word hypotheses bottom-up and [later] use a word verifier for more accurate matching and rating of the hypotheses against the input . zue ( 1986 ) proposes the following :

If that material is subsequently found and shows that the invention was not new when the patent was applied for , the patent is in danger of being revoked .
if that material is [later] found and shows that the invention was not new when the patent was applied for , the patent is in danger of being revoked .

There are some transitional arrangements to cope with designs which had been registered on or after 12th January 1988 but prior to the more rigorous standards now applicable ( that is , prior to 1st August 1989 ) and which would fail to be registrable subsequently .
there are some transitional arrangements to cope with designs which had been registered on or after 12th january 1988 but prior to the more rigorous standards now applicable ( that is , prior to 1st august 1989 ) and which would fail to be registrable [later] .

The application of the Treaty provisions to actual cases has led to the development of the following principles : Exhaustion of rights : where the right owner has put articles into circulation ( directly or with his consent ) he can not subsequently use his rights to prevent further dealings in respect of those articles .
the application of the treaty provisions to actual cases has led to the development of the following principles : exhaustion of rights : where the right owner has put articles into circulation ( directly or with his consent ) he can not [later] use his rights to prevent further dealings in respect of those articles .

The monk subsequently borrows a hundred francs from the merchant , pays it to the wife and enjoys a night in bed with her while the husband is away .
the monk [later] borrows a hundred francs from the merchant , pays it to the wife and enjoys a night in bed with her while the husband is away .

The Miller , in his tale , re-emerges in the target figure that superficially seems meant to represent the Reeve ; the Reeve then retrospectively identifies himself with a trickster and target figure : the trickster who makes a fool of the character supposed to represent him but who is subsequently made a fool of himself from another quarter .
the miller , in his tale , re-emerges in the target figure that superficially seems meant to represent the reeve ; the reeve then retrospectively identifies himself with a trickster and target figure : the trickster who makes a fool of the character supposed to represent him but who is [later] made a fool of himself from another quarter .

Subsequently The Sports Council have offered a very generous grant providing we appoint a National Development Officer ( which has already been done ) and that we show that the Society is growing — not only by increased numbers of participants but particularly in Membership .
[later] the sports council have offered a very generous grant providing we appoint a national development officer ( which has already been done ) and that we show that the society is growing — not only by increased numbers of participants but particularly in membership .

Degree performance in arts and social sciences appears to increase with age , peaks in the 26–30 age group , and subsequently declines .
degree performance in arts and social sciences appears to increase with age , peaks in the 26–30 age group , and [later] declines .

Subsequently he brought various inedible articles , such as bread dried to a crisp , and questionable pieces of shellfish , and placed these in front of them .
[later] he brought various inedible articles , such as bread dried to a crisp , and questionable pieces of shellfish , and placed these in front of them .

And as regards modern philosophy , in 1868 , before the summons to Basle , he had actually considered writing his doctoral dissertation on Kant , although he subsequently rejected the subject as unsuitable .
and as regards modern philosophy , in 1868 , before the summons to basle , he had actually considered writing his doctoral dissertation on kant , although he [later] rejected the subject as unsuitable .

However , Nietzsche 's first editors ( 1895 ) , then his sister ( 1897 ) , and subsequently the world at large have asserted that the scale of this last revision was substantial and , specifically-that of the book 's eventual twenty-five sections , he added at this time the final six ( 20–25 ) , which are partly ( though not , as is often said , largely ) concerned with Wagner . ``
however , nietzsche 's first editors ( 1895 ) , then his sister ( 1897 ) , and [later] the world at large have asserted that the scale of this last revision was substantial and , specifically-that of the book 's eventual twenty-five sections , he added at this time the final six ( 20–25 ) , which are partly ( though not , as is often said , largely ) concerned with wagner . ``

Subsequently Daniel Morley , a partner mentioned in an a agreement made in the late 1600 's with Roger Fleming , wrote to Roger the letter reproduced below :
[later] daniel morley , a partner mentioned in an a agreement made in the late 1600 's with roger fleming , wrote to roger the letter reproduced below :

Traditional grammar was developed on the basis of Greek and Latin , and was subsequently applied , with few modifications and often uncritically , to the description of a large number of other languages .
traditional grammar was developed on the basis of greek and latin , and was [later] applied , with few modifications and often uncritically , to the description of a large number of other languages .

This dating technique was then applied to Halling Man with the result that the age was considerably lowered and subsequently he was assigned to well within Neolithic times .
this dating technique was then applied to halling man with the result that the age was considerably lowered and [later] he was assigned to well within neolithic times .

Subsequently all four men were convicted of smuggling and their defence counsel stated in court in their defence that they were `` the dupes and pawns in a high powered enterprise while the real criminals behind the racket were getting away scot free . ``
[later] all four men were convicted of smuggling and their defence counsel stated in court in their defence that they were `` the dupes and pawns in a high powered enterprise while the real criminals behind the racket were getting away scot free . ``

The four smugglers involved in this case were subsequently gaoled for a total of thirty one years .
the four smugglers involved in this case were [later] gaoled for a total of thirty one years .

There was discussion on the need for articles encouraging people to set up new groups : Fillan produced some useful material on this , and Eileen referred to studies developed by her group which had subsequently been used by six others .
there was discussion on the need for articles encouraging people to set up new groups : fillan produced some useful material on this , and eileen referred to studies developed by her group which had [later] been used by six others .

Currently , approximately 50 % of all patients undergoing a sphincterotomy for bile duct stones have their gall bladder in situ , and of these 6–20 % subsequently require a cholecystectomy for biliary pain or cholecystitis during a follow up of one to six years [ 2.11 ] .
currently , approximately 50 % of all patients undergoing a sphincterotomy for bile duct stones have their gall bladder in situ , and of these 6–20 % [later] require a cholecystectomy for biliary pain or cholecystitis during a follow up of one to six years [ 2.11 ] .

One was subsequently excluded because it proved impossible to advance the colonoscope as far as the anastomosis in this patient .
one was [later] excluded because it proved impossible to advance the colonoscope as far as the anastomosis in this patient .

In a therapeutic context , appropriate cells have been successfully isolated , maintained or cultured in vitro and subsequently transplanted to restore bone marrow function in haemopoetic disorders , to provide skin cover in major burns and insulin independence after pancreatic islet transplantation .
in a therapeutic context , appropriate cells have been successfully isolated , maintained or cultured in vitro and [later] transplanted to restore bone marrow function in haemopoetic disorders , to provide skin cover in major burns and insulin independence after pancreatic islet transplantation .

This yielded amounts of Ac-ASA up to 30 % of the level subsequently found inside the cells .
this yielded amounts of ac-asa up to 30 % of the level [later] found inside the cells .

Subsequently survival plateaus ( Fig 2 ) .
[later] survival plateaus ( fig 2 ) .

The presence of this acid microenvironment was first suggested by studies in the 1950s on intestinal absorption of weak acids , and has been subsequently confirmed by microelectrodes in several species , including man .
the presence of this acid microenvironment was first suggested by studies in the 1950s on intestinal absorption of weak acids , and has been [later] confirmed by microelectrodes in several species , including man .

As both were in the diet group , they continued in the study and subsequently had normal babies .
as both were in the diet group , they continued in the study and [later] had normal babies .

Subsequently , when the code was broken , both were found to have been taking ursodeoxycholic acid .
[later] , when the code was broken , both were found to have been taking ursodeoxycholic acid .

All five were confirmed subsequently by oral cholecystectography and repeat ultrasonography .
all five were confirmed [later] by oral cholecystectography and repeat ultrasonography .

Five of the nine patients undergoing a small intestinal biopsy were subsequently placed on a diet free from cow 's milk protein and lactose with no apparent clinical response .
five of the nine patients undergoing a small intestinal biopsy were [later] placed on a diet free from cow 's milk protein and lactose with no apparent clinical response .

The patient in whom sphincterotomy was performed had a reduced analgesic requirement for three months but subsequently relapsed ; pain control remained a problem to death at 19 months , with progression of the cholangiographic abnormalities shown at 15 months ( Fig 4 ) .
the patient in whom sphincterotomy was performed had a reduced analgesic requirement for three months but [later] relapsed ; pain control remained a problem to death at 19 months , with progression of the cholangiographic abnormalities shown at 15 months ( fig 4 ) .

Because of the similarity of the effects observed in the colon and faeces , we subsequently studied the concentration dependence of the effects of dietary calcium and phosphate in the faeces .
because of the similarity of the effects observed in the colon and faeces , we [later] studied the concentration dependence of the effects of dietary calcium and phosphate in the faeces .

We subsequently determined the soluble faecal concentrations of calcium , phosphate , fatty acids , and bile acids .
we [later] determined the soluble faecal concentrations of calcium , phosphate , fatty acids , and bile acids .

Although 68 patients were admitted to the trial five were subsequently withdrawn from further analysis .
although 68 patients were admitted to the trial five were [later] withdrawn from further analysis .

Seven healthy adult volunteers ( six men , aged 21–43 years ) underwent gastric intubation studies At 07:30 , after an overnight fast , approximately 300 ml of water were drunk and a sample of all urine passed subsequently was saved .
seven healthy adult volunteers ( six men , aged 21–43 years ) underwent gastric intubation studies at 07:30 , after an overnight fast , approximately 300 ml of water were drunk and a sample of all urine passed [later] was saved .

At extubation the oxygen/air was switched off and the pulse rate , blood pressure , and oxygen saturation were subsequently recorded every 10 minutes for one hour .
at extubation the oxygen/air was switched off and the pulse rate , blood pressure , and oxygen saturation were [later] recorded every 10 minutes for one hour .

Originally described as retroviral genes responsible for in vitro cell transformation and the development of certain animal tumours ( v-onc ) , homologs have subsequently been identified in normal human cells ( proto-oncogenes ) and , in activated form , in human tumours ( cpones ) .
originally described as retroviral genes responsible for in vitro cell transformation and the development of certain animal tumours ( v-onc ) , homologs have [later] been identified in normal human cells ( proto-oncogenes ) and , in activated form , in human tumours ( cpones ) .

Subsequently Gladys Hart joined them as Membership Secretary .
[later] gladys hart joined them as membership secretary .

Training courses were subsequently arranged .
training courses were [later] arranged .

Putative bile acids were identified by comparing peaks with the retention times of authentic standards and subsequently confirmed by gas liquid chromatography mass spectrometry at the Clinical Research Centre 's Unit of Mass Spectrometry .
putative bile acids were identified by comparing peaks with the retention times of authentic standards and [later] confirmed by gas liquid chromatography mass spectrometry at the clinical research centre 's unit of mass spectrometry .

The internalised fragments may subsequently be processed intracellularly and/or be directly toxic in coeliac patients .
the internalised fragments may [later] be processed intracellularly and/or be directly toxic in coeliac patients .

Subsequently the stomach was laid out on a glass plate and a tissue specimen , 4 mm in diameter , was taken by a punch press from the anterior wall on the greater curvature .
[later] the stomach was laid out on a glass plate and a tissue specimen , 4 mm in diameter , was taken by a punch press from the anterior wall on the greater curvature .

Thirty patients , 16 women and 14 men ( median age 52 years ) were subsequently shown to have both normal endoscopic and histological findings .
thirty patients , 16 women and 14 men ( median age 52 years ) were [later] shown to have both normal endoscopic and histological findings .

Twenty two patients ( 12 women and 10 men ) ( median age 42 years ) were subsequently shown to have oesophageal inflamation endoscopically and histologically .
twenty two patients ( 12 women and 10 men ) ( median age 42 years ) were [later] shown to have oesophageal inflamation endoscopically and histologically .

It has been postulated that increased dietary animal fats produce excessive amounts of primary bile salts , which are then subsequently degraded by colonic bacteria to potentially carcinogenic secondary bile salts .
it has been postulated that increased dietary animal fats produce excessive amounts of primary bile salts , which are then [later] degraded by colonic bacteria to potentially carcinogenic secondary bile salts .

Twenty three of these patients had , or subsequently developed , intrahepatic and/or extrahepatic bile duct calculi .
twenty three of these patients had , or [later] developed , intrahepatic and/or extrahepatic bile duct calculi .

One had had pneumoccocal pneumonia and another pneumococcal septicaemia ( this patient subsequently died ) .
one had had pneumoccocal pneumonia and another pneumococcal septicaemia ( this patient [later] died ) .

Two ( cases 5 and 7 , Table ) had pneumococcal infection ( one with pneumonia and the other with pneumococcal septicaemia who subsequently died ) .
two ( cases 5 and 7 , table ) had pneumococcal infection ( one with pneumonia and the other with pneumococcal septicaemia who [later] died ) .

All patients ( 90 % ) who were free of obstruction from hyperplasia six months after implantation , remained asymptomatic subsequently .
all patients ( 90 % ) who were free of obstruction from hyperplasia six months after implantation , remained asymptomatic [later] .

As part of this work the Committee subsequently considered two papers from the Efficiency Commission .
as part of this work the committee [later] considered two papers from the efficiency commission .

As for change of intention , this happens when a person has done the Non-Intending Practitioners ' Course but subsequently wishes to be eligible to practise here .
as for change of intention , this happens when a person has done the non-intending practitioners ' course but [later] wishes to be eligible to practise here .

David did not know quite where to look , but it was one occasion , he subsequently recounted to his friends , when it was better to travel than to arrive .
david did not know quite where to look , but it was one occasion , he [later] recounted to his friends , when it was better to travel than to arrive .

They were subsequently banned by law from 1734 until 1860 ; they were also banned between 1939 and 1958 as part of the measures deemed necessary for the prosecution of the Second World War .
they were [later] banned by law from 1734 until 1860 ; they were also banned between 1939 and 1958 as part of the measures deemed necessary for the prosecution of the second world war .

An interview with this adviser subsequently confirmed that the self-appraisal was not accorded great importance : ‘ On the role of the self-appraisal , it seems to me that the whole thing has been made into a very big deal and ought not to be .
an interview with this adviser [later] confirmed that the self-appraisal was not accorded great importance : ‘ on the role of the self-appraisal , it seems to me that the whole thing has been made into a very big deal and ought not to be .

Originally a three-year trained teacher , by 1976 he had successfully completed a part time B.Phil degree and subsequently had tried , unsuccessfully , to obtain the pastoral experience which he considered to be necessary in order to move up the comprehensive school hierarchy .
originally a three-year trained teacher , by 1976 he had successfully completed a part time b.phil degree and [later] had tried , unsuccessfully , to obtain the pastoral experience which he considered to be necessary in order to move up the comprehensive school hierarchy .

The Head of Department was subsequently regraded as Scale 4 Head of Department .
the head of department was [later] regraded as scale 4 head of department .

We hypothesized that heads would have tended to draw them to the attention of their more senior colleagues in the first instance and that the booklets might not subsequently have been passed on to the ‘ rank and file ’ .
we hypothesized that heads would have tended to draw them to the attention of their more senior colleagues in the first instance and that the booklets might not [later] have been passed on to the ‘ rank and file ’ .

Not only are victims denied immediate help , they are subsequently kept in the dark by the police and courts about what is going on .
not only are victims denied immediate help , they are [later] kept in the dark by the police and courts about what is going on .

The lecturer , Martin Wood , counts equally successful those students of the courses he has given since 1984 , at Leith 's School of Food and Wine in London , who subsequently decided not to open restaurants .
the lecturer , martin wood , counts equally successful those students of the courses he has given since 1984 , at leith 's school of food and wine in london , who [later] decided not to open restaurants .

The Prince Edward visited Callendar Park and was received by Captain William Forbes ( Vice-Lord-Lieutenant of Falkirk ) and later visited Stirling Castle , Strathallan Games Park and subsequently attended a dinner at the Forum Hotel , Glasgow .
the prince edward visited callendar park and was received by captain william forbes ( vice-lord-lieutenant of falkirk ) and later visited stirling castle , strathallan games park and [later] attended a dinner at the forum hotel , glasgow .

Subsequently the ‘ community of the officials of Northamptonshire , both of the forest and elsewhere ’ made fine before the judges by 4,000 marks ‘ for certain trespasses committed by them ’ .
[later] the ‘ community of the officials of northamptonshire , both of the forest and elsewhere ’ made fine before the judges by 4,000 marks ‘ for certain trespasses committed by them ’ .

‘ Daughter of debate ’ Elizabeth called her ; and mother of a remarkably impassioned series of debates she subsequently became .
‘ daughter of debate ’ elizabeth called her ; and mother of a remarkably impassioned series of debates she [later] became .

Ecstatic scenes greeted Gordon Richards as Pinza was led to the unsaddling enclosure , and although to some he seemed oddly unmoved , he wrote subsequently that ‘ my mind was in a turmoil , and my brain perhaps a little numbed … the reception which the crowd gave me was something out of this world . ’
ecstatic scenes greeted gordon richards as pinza was led to the unsaddling enclosure , and although to some he seemed oddly unmoved , he wrote [later] that ‘ my mind was in a turmoil , and my brain perhaps a little numbed … the reception which the crowd gave me was something out of this world . ’

Many intellectual strands of the Carolingian Renaissance , subsequently dropped , were taken up again in the eleventh and twelfth centuries .
many intellectual strands of the carolingian renaissance , [later] dropped , were taken up again in the eleventh and twelfth centuries .

In Norfolk she picked Timothy Colman ; in Aberdeenshire , Captain Colin Farquharson , formerly of the Brigade of Guards and subsequently a land agent ; and in Gloucestershire , Colonel Martin Gibbs , another military Old Etonian .
in norfolk she picked timothy colman ; in aberdeenshire , captain colin farquharson , formerly of the brigade of guards and [later] a land agent ; and in gloucestershire , colonel martin gibbs , another military old etonian .

Two of the recipients , Joseph Kagan , a mackintosh manufacturer subsequently convicted of theft , and the property developer Eric Miller , who shot himself during a fraud investigation some eighteen months later , proved the justice of the concern .
two of the recipients , joseph kagan , a mackintosh manufacturer [later] convicted of theft , and the property developer eric miller , who shot himself during a fraud investigation some eighteen months later , proved the justice of the concern .

It subsequently emerged that part of the list had been drawn up by Wilson 's private secretary , Lady Falkender ( plain Marcia Williams until ennobled in another honours spree ) , on a sheet of lavender writing paper .
it [later] emerged that part of the list had been drawn up by wilson 's private secretary , lady falkender ( plain marcia williams until ennobled in another honours spree ) , on a sheet of lavender writing paper .

In the first place the experience knitted these men together , both to one another and to others who subsequently made up ‘ the Establishment ’ .
in the first place the experience knitted these men together , both to one another and to others who [later] made up ‘ the establishment ’ .

It was Sir Keith Joseph who opened her eyes to what was subsequently dubbed ‘ Thatcherism ’ .
it was sir keith joseph who opened her eyes to what was [later] dubbed ‘ thatcherism ’ .

Of this number 262 , almost two thirds , were educated at public schools , 215 of them subsequently going on to Oxford or Cambridge .
of this number 262 , almost two thirds , were educated at public schools , 215 of them [later] going on to oxford or cambridge .

( Both subsequently maintained , too , that they did not know . )
( both [later] maintained , too , that they did not know . )

She was , as he subsequently described her , an attractive woman , in the manner of her kind .
she was , as he [later] described her , an attractive woman , in the manner of her kind .

( He subsequently went mad and threw himself in front of a car . )
( he [later] went mad and threw himself in front of a car . )

It turned out there was a military call-up in New Zealand , which he avoided by feigning epileptic fits ( a device he subsequently found described in The Confessions of Felix Krull , by Thomas Mann ) , but which had the beneficial effect in his case of getting him placed on national assistance , an invaluable windfall for a poet .
it turned out there was a military call-up in new zealand , which he avoided by feigning epileptic fits ( a device he [later] found described in the confessions of felix krull , by thomas mann ) , but which had the beneficial effect in his case of getting him placed on national assistance , an invaluable windfall for a poet .

But , when subsequently given samples to try , they responded favourably .
but , when [later] given samples to try , they responded favourably .

Robin Child 's influence has gone far beyond the limits of the classroom and his Marlborough pupils : he has lectured widely , here and abroad , to teachers , art societies , art colleges , educationists , church audiences and schools ( some subsequently sending their own heads of department to Marlborough to see how it 's done ) on many aspects of art and art history , the philosophy of teaching and his own approach to it .
robin child 's influence has gone far beyond the limits of the classroom and his marlborough pupils : he has lectured widely , here and abroad , to teachers , art societies , art colleges , educationists , church audiences and schools ( some [later] sending their own heads of department to marlborough to see how it 's done ) on many aspects of art and art history , the philosophy of teaching and his own approach to it .

The improved colt quickened well to take it up over two furlongs out and went to the line clear of the dead-heaters Steinbeck and Wilde Rufo , with the latter subsequently disqualified when jockey Richard Quinn weighed in 6lb light .
the improved colt quickened well to take it up over two furlongs out and went to the line clear of the dead-heaters steinbeck and wilde rufo , with the latter [later] disqualified when jockey richard quinn weighed in 6lb light .

When a person purports to act on behalf of another , but without his authority , the latter may subsequently ratify the act of the former , and thereby draw to himself both the benefit of , and the liability for , the act .
when a person purports to act on behalf of another , but without his authority , the latter may [later] ratify the act of the former , and thereby draw to himself both the benefit of , and the liability for , the act .

The ideal of land registration is that a government office , after investigating the title , enters the applicant upon the register as owner , and furnishes him with a certificate in accordance with the entry ; the entry is conclusive as to his right , and no further investigation of the previous title can subsequently be necessary .
the ideal of land registration is that a government office , after investigating the title , enters the applicant upon the register as owner , and furnishes him with a certificate in accordance with the entry ; the entry is conclusive as to his right , and no further investigation of the previous title can [later] be necessary .

Subsequently a Combined Anglo-American Development Trust was established to handle the procurement and allocation of uranium ore .
[later] a combined anglo-american development trust was established to handle the procurement and allocation of uranium ore .

Should you ever possess a whole ham on the bone , you must know how to carve it properly , otherwise you will waste a great deal of meat and subsequently be eating ham soup for ages .
should you ever possess a whole ham on the bone , you must know how to carve it properly , otherwise you will waste a great deal of meat and [later] be eating ham soup for ages .

This doctrine of justification subsequently broke the Western Church in two .
this doctrine of justification [later] broke the western church in two .

It subsequently passed , in 1802 , through fairly obscure cousinly connections to Sir Thomas Dyke-Acland , a phenomenally rich gentleman who owned tracts of Devon and Somerset and built the model village of Selworthy .
it [later] passed , in 1802 , through fairly obscure cousinly connections to sir thomas dyke-acland , a phenomenally rich gentleman who owned tracts of devon and somerset and built the model village of selworthy .

Thus the name Hammoon derives from ‘ ham ’ , or dwelling place , of the Moion family ( subsequently Mohun and eventually Moon .
thus the name hammoon derives from ‘ ham ’ , or dwelling place , of the moion family ( [later] mohun and eventually moon .

Behind the oval window in the pediment there is a cock loft , and originally there were two pairs of square rooms on each floor , some of which have subsequently been knocked into one .
behind the oval window in the pediment there is a cock loft , and originally there were two pairs of square rooms on each floor , some of which have [later] been knocked into one .

Not large enough , though , for William 's son John , who became the Member of Parliament for Wilton in 1701 and subsequently built on this exquisite face to his childhood home .
not large enough , though , for william 's son john , who became the member of parliament for wilton in 1701 and [later] built on this exquisite face to his childhood home .

Before the surrounding land was built over in the last century and subsequently , you could have seen it from miles away in every direction .
before the surrounding land was built over in the last century and [later] , you could have seen it from miles away in every direction .

Biddesden was bought by the Everetts in 1795 , and subsequently by the Grahams .
biddesden was bought by the everetts in 1795 , and [later] by the grahams .

Lots of provisions against stealing clients subsequently , of course .
lots of provisions against stealing clients [later] , of course .

He has said , and subsequently confirmed , that he will step down shortly after March 27th , when the King is due to award him a medal .
he has said , and [later] confirmed , that he will step down shortly after march 27th , when the king is due to award him a medal .

Many subsequently returned to their homes , all over the Soviet Union , where the local doctors may not know that they worked at Chernobyl and may therefore not recognise subsequent cancers or other problems as radiation-linked .
many [later] returned to their homes , all over the soviet union , where the local doctors may not know that they worked at chernobyl and may therefore not recognise subsequent cancers or other problems as radiation-linked .

The government subsequently altered its estimate of those able to claim and came up with a 50 per cent take-up rate .
the government [later] altered its estimate of those able to claim and came up with a 50 per cent take-up rate .

‘ This result will not satisfy students , MPs , those injured , and the many arrested and subsequently acquitted .
‘ this result will not satisfy students , mps , those injured , and the many arrested and [later] acquitted .

Her research is meticulous , she has some very interesting new sources ( notably Venetia 's letters to Montagu at a time when Asquith was writing three or four times a day to her , but subsequently destroying her replies to these letters ) , and she mostly writes sensitively .
her research is meticulous , she has some very interesting new sources ( notably venetia 's letters to montagu at a time when asquith was writing three or four times a day to her , but [later] destroying her replies to these letters ) , and she mostly writes sensitively .

His dream of covering whole counties with a giant speaking-tube may be grotesque in itself , but it makes him a remote ancestor of Thomas Edison and Alexander Graham Bell . His ideas about blood transfusion are mad , but if someone had not had mad ideas on the subject in the first instance , would anyone have subsequently developed sane ideas ?
his dream of covering whole counties with a giant speaking-tube may be grotesque in itself , but it makes him a remote ancestor of thomas edison and alexander graham bell . his ideas about blood transfusion are mad , but if someone had not had mad ideas on the subject in the first instance , would anyone have [later] developed sane ideas ?

But her remarks in America would subsequently be picked up by the papers here — so she would have two platforms .
but her remarks in america would [later] be picked up by the papers here — so she would have two platforms .

The subsequently disorganised Waterloo ranks , with flanker Ashcroft in the front row , immediately conceded a penalty and the first of Finnie 's six successful kicks at goal .
the [later] disorganised waterloo ranks , with flanker ashcroft in the front row , immediately conceded a penalty and the first of finnie 's six successful kicks at goal .

He subsequently served as signals officer with the Imperial Camel Corps , taking part in cavalry battles against the Turks in Egypt and Palestine .
he [later] served as signals officer with the imperial camel corps , taking part in cavalry battles against the turks in egypt and palestine .

National Power subsequently indicated that low-sulphur technology would be installed at Didcot , Tilbury and Ironbridge .
national power [later] indicated that low-sulphur technology would be installed at didcot , tilbury and ironbridge .

On the infamous ‘ night of the long keys ’ National Front deputés , finding the chamber empty as usual , rushed around all the empty desks switching the keys left in the voting machines , registering a massive vote in their favour ( which was subsequently declared null and void ) .
on the infamous ‘ night of the long keys ’ national front deputés , finding the chamber empty as usual , rushed around all the empty desks switching the keys left in the voting machines , registering a massive vote in their favour ( which was [later] declared null and void ) .

It was first enunciated by Leonid Brezhnev on his visit to Bonn in 1981 and then subsequently made famous by Gorbachev .
it was first enunciated by leonid brezhnev on his visit to bonn in 1981 and then [later] made famous by gorbachev .

the first £25 of each and every claim each person each section except in the case of delayed or mis-directed baggage which is subsequently delivered to the Insured Person .
the first £25 of each and every claim each person each section except in the case of delayed or mis-directed baggage which is [later] delivered to the insured person .

If we do not actually receive the money within this period , our computer will automatically cancel your reservation and we can not be held responsible if that holiday is subsequently not available .
if we do not actually receive the money within this period , our computer will automatically cancel your reservation and we can not be held responsible if that holiday is [later] not available .

For all bookings made within 8 weeks of departure , the holiday is confirmed as soon as a verbal confirmation is given over the telephone or your travel agent confirms the booking via Viewdata , and therefore if you subsequently cancel your booking , cancellation charges as shown in condition ( 9 ) apply .
for all bookings made within 8 weeks of departure , the holiday is confirmed as soon as a verbal confirmation is given over the telephone or your travel agent confirms the booking via viewdata , and therefore if you [later] cancel your booking , cancellation charges as shown in condition ( 9 ) apply .

The Parliament must have the power to confirm or deny the Councils ' nominee as President of the Commission , and then to approve or not the President 's choice of Commissioners — and subsequently to sack them if necessary .
the parliament must have the power to confirm or deny the councils ' nominee as president of the commission , and then to approve or not the president 's choice of commissioners — and [later] to sack them if necessary .

He left behind him a manuscript which was subsequently published ( Buchan , 1752 ) .
he left behind him a manuscript which was [later] published ( buchan , 1752 ) .

For Judaism , God is the liberator who brought the Hebrew slaves out of Egypt and subsequently acted to protect and chastise them throughout their chequered history .
for judaism , god is the liberator who brought the hebrew slaves out of egypt and [later] acted to protect and chastise them throughout their chequered history .

The proposed amendment to the Articles of Association contained in Resolution 10 will enable the Company to introduce summary financial statements in 1991 or subsequently , if it is thought desirable to do so .
the proposed amendment to the articles of association contained in resolution 10 will enable the company to introduce summary financial statements in 1991 or [later] , if it is thought desirable to do so .

If the inflation rate subsequently falls below the level allowed for a surplus of funds may result .
if the inflation rate [later] falls below the level allowed for a surplus of funds may result .

After delivering his message of support to the organic movement at Cirencester , he held a seminar at Kensington Palace to air the issues , and he and John Higgs subsequently went down to Elm Farm to investigate the possibilities of employing organic methods on the home farm .
after delivering his message of support to the organic movement at cirencester , he held a seminar at kensington palace to air the issues , and he and john higgs [later] went down to elm farm to investigate the possibilities of employing organic methods on the home farm .

Subsequently several others have appeared in different countries which differ in the sophistication of their construction and the experimental measurements that can be made .
[later] several others have appeared in different countries which differ in the sophistication of their construction and the experimental measurements that can be made .

If the Church Commissioners subsequently agree to seal a Declaration of Redundancy , advice is sought on the future of the building from the Advisory Board for Redundant Churches , a national body which was set up under the Pastoral Measure .
if the church commissioners [later] agree to seal a declaration of redundancy , advice is sought on the future of the building from the advisory board for redundant churches , a national body which was set up under the pastoral measure .

The central nave of the church was clerestoried and a slender bell-turret of octagonal plan was subsequently installed against the south-west corner of the nave , projecting slightly beyond the south aisle .
the central nave of the church was clerestoried and a slender bell-turret of octagonal plan was [later] installed against the south-west corner of the nave , projecting slightly beyond the south aisle .

With good cause did Kine Weekly subsequently hail the film for giving ‘ promise of a genuine reaction against the deeply-rooted Wardour Street superstition that America will only buy pictures similar to her own .
with good cause did kine weekly [later] hail the film for giving ‘ promise of a genuine reaction against the deeply-rooted wardour street superstition that america will only buy pictures similar to her own .

Subsequently a little girl appeared in the doorway with the little boy .
[later] a little girl appeared in the doorway with the little boy .

The council is obliged to inform anyone who made observations on a planning application , if there is subsequently an appeal by written representations .
the council is obliged to inform anyone who made observations on a planning application , if there is [later] an appeal by written representations .

Her Royal Highness subsequently had luncheon at Red Oaks , the home for retired gardeners at Henfield .
her royal highness [later] had luncheon at red oaks , the home for retired gardeners at henfield .

Similarly , if you take out a foreign currency mortgage where sterling is exchanged for foreign currency at the time of the purchase , and you subsequently want to repay the mortgage — you then have to pay over sterling to secure foreign currency with which to do so .
similarly , if you take out a foreign currency mortgage where sterling is exchanged for foreign currency at the time of the purchase , and you [later] want to repay the mortgage — you then have to pay over sterling to secure foreign currency with which to do so .

Princess Alice , Duchess of Gloucester , President , The Gardener 's Royal Benevolent Society , attends a luncheon and subsequently a Council Meeting at Red Oaks ( Home for Retired Gardeners ) , Henfield , on the occasion of the society 's 150th Anniversary Year .
princess alice , duchess of gloucester , president , the gardener 's royal benevolent society , attends a luncheon and [later] a council meeting at red oaks ( home for retired gardeners ) , henfield , on the occasion of the society 's 150th anniversary year .

He subsequently worked closely with Ghana 's first president , Kwame Nkrumah , on the country 's Africanisation programme , becoming Establishment Secretary , and thus effectively in charge of the Civil Service from 1957 to 1961 .
he [later] worked closely with ghana 's first president , kwame nkrumah , on the country 's africanisation programme , becoming establishment secretary , and thus effectively in charge of the civil service from 1957 to 1961 .

’ The critical distinction between feudal dross and democratic essence subsequently proved difficult to make .
’ the critical distinction between feudal dross and democratic essence [later] proved difficult to make .

Ironists reflect with pleasure that nevertheless one of the great literary biographies of the century has subsequently been written about Proust .
ironists reflect with pleasure that nevertheless one of the great literary biographies of the century has [later] been written about proust .

Some examples from the pre-reformation period , such as the magnificent George Inn at Norton St. Philip , Somerset , originally constructed in the 14th century , were established by monasteries for pilgrims and travellers ; but after the dissolutions of the 1530s all were held in secular hands and subsequently catered for the increasing number of road travellers in the 16th century and the stage coach trade that first appeared in the early 17th century .
some examples from the pre-reformation period , such as the magnificent george inn at norton st. philip , somerset , originally constructed in the 14th century , were established by monasteries for pilgrims and travellers ; but after the dissolutions of the 1530s all were held in secular hands and [later] catered for the increasing number of road travellers in the 16th century and the stage coach trade that first appeared in the early 17th century .

The rich variety of pub types created during the 19th century has subsequently been largely lost by redevelopment and remodelling .
the rich variety of pub types created during the 19th century has [later] been largely lost by redevelopment and remodelling .

If this undertaking is subsequently challenged and found wanting , then the entire entry can be disqualified and any titles won , forfeited .
if this undertaking is [later] challenged and found wanting , then the entire entry can be disqualified and any titles won , forfeited .

In the Republic , the unwritten church — state accord on education was maintained , and subsequently reinforced , by the emergent catholic — nationalist ethos .
in the republic , the unwritten church — state accord on education was maintained , and [later] reinforced , by the emergent catholic — nationalist ethos .

Mrs Feather 's daughter Imogen had a brief , unhappy affair with Phipps , only last Christmas , and had subsequently left the village to care for an elderly aunt in Scotland .
mrs feather 's daughter imogen had a brief , unhappy affair with phipps , only last christmas , and had [later] left the village to care for an elderly aunt in scotland .

After an academic career Anthony Minghella has subsequently written for the stage , television , radio and film .
after an academic career anthony minghella has [later] written for the stage , television , radio and film .

However , the Supreme Court subsequently annulled the habeas corpus on grounds of procedural irregularites .
however , the supreme court [later] annulled the habeas corpus on grounds of procedural irregularites .

The old woman 's son was one of the many prisoners who have subsequently died in the prison .
the old woman 's son was one of the many prisoners who have [later] died in the prison .

Yet there are those of us who , although firmly based inside such an institution , have undertaken anthropological training and have subsequently developed the academic wish to be discursive .
yet there are those of us who , although firmly based inside such an institution , have undertaken anthropological training and have [later] developed the academic wish to be discursive .

He subsequently received a discount of just over £50 after complaining about the telephone charge .
he [later] received a discount of just over £50 after complaining about the telephone charge .

Shelley was inoffensive , human , honest , humble and subsequently far more dangerous than the pathetic macho world of the Joe Strummers who inhabited punk 's general stance .
shelley was inoffensive , human , honest , humble and [later] far more dangerous than the pathetic macho world of the joe strummers who inhabited punk 's general stance .

Subsequently , it failed to build on the extensive Radio One airplay it was given .
[later] , it failed to build on the extensive radio one airplay it was given .

’ It is a view that was fully justified in a wide-ranging exhibition ‘ Le Temps des Gares ’ , originally conceived and executed by Jean Dethier at the Pompidou Centre in Paris in 1978 and subsequently presented throughout Europe in such places as Milan , Brussels , Berlin , and Madrid .
’ it is a view that was fully justified in a wide-ranging exhibition ‘ le temps des gares ’ , originally conceived and executed by jean dethier at the pompidou centre in paris in 1978 and [later] presented throughout europe in such places as milan , brussels , berlin , and madrid .

Many of the old stations were subsequently swept away .
many of the old stations were [later] swept away .

The criteria for listing have changed and broadened over the years to include more Victorian buildings and , subsequently , more twentieth-century buildings .
the criteria for listing have changed and broadened over the years to include more victorian buildings and , [later] , more twentieth-century buildings .

Subsequently , St Mark 's has received many enrichments in the form of stained glass , memorials and other fittings .
[later] , st mark 's has received many enrichments in the form of stained glass , memorials and other fittings .

Farnborough subsequently had its first piece of national coverage by the way of Alpine sports newsletter .
farnborough [later] had its first piece of national coverage by the way of alpine sports newsletter .

In the 1960s the chemical structure of one of these substances and subsequently of many other members of the family were established .
in the 1960s the chemical structure of one of these substances and [later] of many other members of the family were established .

Many other beta-blockers were subsequently developed by different companies , because the market was very large .
many other beta-blockers were [later] developed by different companies , because the market was very large .

14 people were subsequently killed by indiscriminate Army fire .
14 people were [later] killed by indiscriminate army fire .

Mr Mackeson-Sandbach also called for the board to be strengthened , a demand subsequently reinforced by one of Sir Basil 's sons , Mr Adrian de Ferranti .
mr mackeson-sandbach also called for the board to be strengthened , a demand [later] reinforced by one of sir basil 's sons , mr adrian de ferranti .

Maclaine subsequently refused to accept delivery from Shearson .
maclaine [later] refused to accept delivery from shearson .

Hence the community of subsequently famous musicians ( the Amadeus Quartet , Egon Wellesz , Peter Stadlen ) , architects ( Bruno Ahrends , Schwitters ) , scholars ( Richard Friedenthal , Stefan Zweig 's literary executor ) , and above all , perhaps , Eugen Spier , who was one of the moving political and industrial spirits behind British anti-Nazism throughout the 1930s , and was imprisoned for two years in spite of very high level representations ( another Official Secret never explained ) .
hence the community of [later] famous musicians ( the amadeus quartet , egon wellesz , peter stadlen ) , architects ( bruno ahrends , schwitters ) , scholars ( richard friedenthal , stefan zweig 's literary executor ) , and above all , perhaps , eugen spier , who was one of the moving political and industrial spirits behind british anti-nazism throughout the 1930s , and was imprisoned for two years in spite of very high level representations ( another official secret never explained ) .

Refitted as a cinema in the early years of this century it subsequently became a bingo hall and finally a flood-damaged carpet warehouse .
refitted as a cinema in the early years of this century it [later] became a bingo hall and finally a flood-damaged carpet warehouse .

On leaving the Crown Agents he became a director of Midland Bank and chairman of Thomas Cook , which Midland Bank owned , and he became a director and subsequently chairman of Brooke Bond and a director and subsequently chairman of Royal Insurance .
on leaving the crown agents he became a director of midland bank and chairman of thomas cook , which midland bank owned , and he became a director and [later] chairman of brooke bond and a director and [later] chairman of royal insurance .

Subsequently , three themes of great concern both to the local population and to the political authorities in Smolensk and Moscow will be treated — taxation , religion , and cultural and political education .
[later] , three themes of great concern both to the local population and to the political authorities in smolensk and moscow will be treated — taxation , religion , and cultural and political education .

Subsequently only the latter could pay to have complicated machinery repaired .
[later] only the latter could pay to have complicated machinery repaired .

’ Soviet historians have subsequently tried to cover over this situation .
’ soviet historians have [later] tried to cover over this situation .

While Elle , Vogue and subsequently The Independent ( Fig .
while elle , vogue and [later] the independent ( fig .

Newton 's views were subsequently both elaborated and criticised .
newton 's views were [later] both elaborated and criticised .

Subsequently , President Moi has consolidated his position in such a way that it has become difficult , if not impossible , for anyone to challenge his position by constitutional means .
[later] , president moi has consolidated his position in such a way that it has become difficult , if not impossible , for anyone to challenge his position by constitutional means .

Ahidjo did not subsequently return to Cameroun , and in the presidential election of January 1984 Biya received a ‘ yes ’ vote of over 90 per cent , which most Camerounians considered to be a genuine indication of his underlying support .
ahidjo did not [later] return to cameroun , and in the presidential election of january 1984 biya received a ‘ yes ’ vote of over 90 per cent , which most camerounians considered to be a genuine indication of his underlying support .

The first paysannat was established in 1936 and the example , with adjustments , was subsequently widely followed .
the first paysannat was established in 1936 and the example , with adjustments , was [later] widely followed .

Member Johnny Day of Bexhill , envies the other member who after complaining to the Diary that his service must have been a dream , was subsequently contacted by old colleagues .
member johnny day of bexhill , envies the other member who after complaining to the diary that his service must have been a dream , was [later] contacted by old colleagues .

Whether this momentous event , the first national coal strike since 1926 was the result of accidental circumstances or a long-term conspiracy between the National Coal Board and the Department of Energy was subsequently fiercely debated .
whether this momentous event , the first national coal strike since 1926 was the result of accidental circumstances or a long-term conspiracy between the national coal board and the department of energy was [later] fiercely debated .

Mercifully , Balestre subsequently retracted the ban on Goodyear , but emphasized that Cosworth and Ilmor would face serious sanctions .
mercifully , balestre [later] retracted the ban on goodyear , but emphasized that cosworth and ilmor would face serious sanctions .

Mr Callaghan 's famous speech to the 1976 Labour party conference ( subsequently cited in many Conservative party publications ) admitted that governments could not spend their way into full employment ; that way only led to more inflation and eventually more unemployment .
mr callaghan 's famous speech to the 1976 labour party conference ( [later] cited in many conservative party publications ) admitted that governments could not spend their way into full employment ; that way only led to more inflation and eventually more unemployment .

In particular , essentialist conceptions of the self which took effective hold only in the Enlightenment , then to be subsequently developed within ( for instance ) Romanticism and modernism , have been retrospectively read into the early modern period .
in particular , essentialist conceptions of the self which took effective hold only in the enlightenment , then to be [later] developed within ( for instance ) romanticism and modernism , have been retrospectively read into the early modern period .

The idea of the unchanging east was widespread in eighteenth- and nineteenth-century thought and it seems that Marx accepted this view , although it has subsequently been shown to be misleading .
the idea of the unchanging east was widespread in eighteenth- and nineteenth-century thought and it seems that marx accepted this view , although it has [later] been shown to be misleading .

One of the key assumptions of Morgan and Engels was that the shift from matriliny to patriliny was in some ways linked with the introduction of herding and , subsequently , agriculture .
one of the key assumptions of morgan and engels was that the shift from matriliny to patriliny was in some ways linked with the introduction of herding and , [later] , agriculture .

At much the same time , however , workers on British Rail successfully defended their procedures in the courts and subsequently went on to conduct a very effective strike from which they emerged victorious .
at much the same time , however , workers on british rail successfully defended their procedures in the courts and [later] went on to conduct a very effective strike from which they emerged victorious .

Yet no one was in the least surprised when Ferguson scored the try which earned the Raiders extra time in the Sydney Grand Final , and subsequently a trip to Manchester .
yet no one was in the least surprised when ferguson scored the try which earned the raiders extra time in the sydney grand final , and [later] a trip to manchester .

He will be advising us on ways and means forward ’ , Haines subsequently made it clear that he will not be an impotent lackey .
he will be advising us on ways and means forward ’ , haines [later] made it clear that he will not be an impotent lackey .

Subsequently His Royal Highness , President , Scottish Business in the Community , visited the Dundee Enterprise Trust and the Whitfield Estate , and afterwards attended a ScotBic conference in the Angus Hotel , Dundee .
[later] his royal highness , president , scottish business in the community , visited the dundee enterprise trust and the whitfield estate , and afterwards attended a scotbic conference in the angus hotel , dundee .

This turned out to be , first , Manchester 's and , subsequently , London 's gain .
this turned out to be , first , manchester 's and , [later] , london 's gain .

Her Royal Highness , President of the Save the Children Fund , subsequently visited the Lifechance Project , Cricket Road , Cowley and the Barton Community Centre and was received on arrival by Her Majesty 's Lord-Lieutenant for Oxfordshire ( Sir Ashley Ponsonby Bt ) .
her royal highness , president of the save the children fund , [later] visited the lifechance project , cricket road , cowley and the barton community centre and was received on arrival by her majesty 's lord-lieutenant for oxfordshire ( sir ashley ponsonby bt ) .

Subsequently Her Royal Highness , Patron , Swansea Festival of Music and the Arts , attended a concert given by the London Philharmonic Orchestra in the Brangwyn Hall , Swansea .
[later] her royal highness , patron , swansea festival of music and the arts , attended a concert given by the london philharmonic orchestra in the brangwyn hall , swansea .

Lord Aldington , 75 , is seeking damages from Nigel Watts , a property developer , who circulated a pamphlet accusing him of arranging every detail of the repatriation of 70,000 Yugoslav and Russian men , women and children who were subsequently tortured and massacred .
lord aldington , 75 , is seeking damages from nigel watts , a property developer , who circulated a pamphlet accusing him of arranging every detail of the repatriation of 70,000 yugoslav and russian men , women and children who were [later] tortured and massacred .

The man who issued every order and arranged every detail of the lying and brutality which resulted in these massacres was Brigadier Toby Low … subsequently ennobled ( in 1962 ) as the first Baron Aldington .
the man who issued every order and arranged every detail of the lying and brutality which resulted in these massacres was brigadier toby low … [later] ennobled ( in 1962 ) as the first baron aldington .

Unfortunately , Durie woke up and subsequently allowed Paulus to take command from the baseline .
unfortunately , durie woke up and [later] allowed paulus to take command from the baseline .

Subsequently the report devotes between six and 16 pages to each of tidal , wave , wind , small scale hydro , geothermal , ocean thermal , solar and biofuel energy sources .
[later] the report devotes between six and 16 pages to each of tidal , wave , wind , small scale hydro , geothermal , ocean thermal , solar and biofuel energy sources .

Grant obtained his first degree by attending evening classes at Queen Mary College , London , and he subsequently took a doctorate at King 's College .
grant obtained his first degree by attending evening classes at queen mary college , london , and he [later] took a doctorate at king 's college .

In Scotland , particularly , the bitterness of tenants ' loss of land and subsequently identity is still felt keenly ( 20 ) .
in scotland , particularly , the bitterness of tenants ' loss of land and [later] identity is still felt keenly ( 20 ) .

The Nez Perce then descended the eastern Bitterroots into Montana on 25th July to find their path blocked by a crude stockade , subsequently dubbed ‘ Fort Fizzle ’ .
the nez perce then descended the eastern bitterroots into montana on 25th july to find their path blocked by a crude stockade , [later] dubbed ‘ fort fizzle ’ .

Nevertheless , Cromwell was offered the crown subsequently , but he refused , possibly to adhere to his own convictions , but his only son , Richard , was not a strong person .
nevertheless , cromwell was offered the crown [later] , but he refused , possibly to adhere to his own convictions , but his only son , richard , was not a strong person .

The ‘ superstore ’ Failed to prove a viable proposition and it subsequently became a workshop for a specialist firm of motorcar body builders used by Rolls Royce cars , and only in more recent years has that business ceased and the premises redeveloped as office accommodation .
the ‘ superstore ’ failed to prove a viable proposition and it [later] became a workshop for a specialist firm of motorcar body builders used by rolls royce cars , and only in more recent years has that business ceased and the premises redeveloped as office accommodation .

At that time there existed other good houses , up to the corner of Cedars Road , which were subsequently demolished to create the dual carriageway of the Great West Road Extension .
at that time there existed other good houses , up to the corner of cedars road , which were [later] demolished to create the dual carriageway of the great west road extension .

The firs Chiswick Public Library was established in 1890 , in Bourne Place , and moved a short distance , eight years later , to larger premises in Dukes Avenue , which were subsequently enlarged .
the firs chiswick public library was established in 1890 , in bourne place , and moved a short distance , eight years later , to larger premises in dukes avenue , which were [later] enlarged .

Mr. Oswald Stoll — who was subsequently knighted — began to erect , in 1911 , one of his ‘ Empires ’ , a theatre of entertainment , in Chiswick High Road , situated between the ‘ Old Packhorse ’ on the corner of Acton Lane , and the family butchers , ‘ Caughts ’ which had its own slaughter house , as well as a shop set well back from the main road , just west of Essex Place Square .
mr. oswald stoll — who was [later] knighted — began to erect , in 1911 , one of his ‘ empires ’ , a theatre of entertainment , in chiswick high road , situated between the ‘ old packhorse ’ on the corner of acton lane , and the family butchers , ‘ caughts ’ which had its own slaughter house , as well as a shop set well back from the main road , just west of essex place square .

Subsequently , after the Second World War , that practice has become a token at Memorial Services on the nearest Sunday to the eleventh of November each year .
[later] , after the second world war , that practice has become a token at memorial services on the nearest sunday to the eleventh of november each year .

Lenin had been the effective leader in the United States of Soviet Russia but he died in January 1924 , leaving two possible successors , Trotsky and Stalin , but Stalin had established himself in the Communist hierarchy and Trotsky was subsequently expelled .
lenin had been the effective leader in the united states of soviet russia but he died in january 1924 , leaving two possible successors , trotsky and stalin , but stalin had established himself in the communist hierarchy and trotsky was [later] expelled .

The site of the old fire station was subsequently used for the erection of a more modern police station .
the site of the old fire station was [later] used for the erection of a more modern police station .

Frequently , then , an unspecific referral was subsequently considered a psychosis .
frequently , then , an unspecific referral was [later] considered a psychosis .

If subsequently a critical incident happens which is pertinent to the individual 's particular dysfunctional assumption , then , rather like a key fitting into a lock , the dysfunctional assumptions are activated .
if [later] a critical incident happens which is pertinent to the individual 's particular dysfunctional assumption , then , rather like a key fitting into a lock , the dysfunctional assumptions are activated .

For example , a person who early on in life formed the assumption that they had to have everybody 's approval in order to be happy , could become depressed if they did not subsequently secure the approval of someone important to them .
for example , a person who early on in life formed the assumption that they had to have everybody 's approval in order to be happy , could become depressed if they did not [later] secure the approval of someone important to them .

Subsequently the Adoption Act of 1975 ( s. 8 ( 7 ) , later section 12 ( 6 ) of the Adoption Act 1976 ) made it more explicit that ‘ in making an adoption order a Court may impose such terms and conditions as it thinks fit ’ , but it was interpreted that any ‘ condition imposed should not impinge on the autonomy of adoptive parents ’ .
[later] the adoption act of 1975 ( s. 8 ( 7 ) , later section 12 ( 6 ) of the adoption act 1976 ) made it more explicit that ‘ in making an adoption order a court may impose such terms and conditions as it thinks fit ’ , but it was interpreted that any ‘ condition imposed should not impinge on the autonomy of adoptive parents ’ .

They anticipated a number of significant developments which subsequently took place , like the setting up of a local authority for the Western Isles which has had a stimulating effect on the whole life of the area .
they anticipated a number of significant developments which [later] took place , like the setting up of a local authority for the western isles which has had a stimulating effect on the whole life of the area .

Although subsequently repudiated by them , it was brought into being by the landlords , mainly from the early 19th century , to serve their own interests .
although [later] repudiated by them , it was brought into being by the landlords , mainly from the early 19th century , to serve their own interests .

Much more significant , however , were the activities of Lord Leverhulme , who bought the Lewis estate in 1918 , and subsequently Harris as well .
much more significant , however , were the activities of lord leverhulme , who bought the lewis estate in 1918 , and [later] harris as well .

Subsequently , the regional committee of the Communist Party of Kosovo and Metohija passed a resolution in June 1944 which referred to ‘ some mistakes , errors , and failures ’ , but without explicit reference to the Bujan conference .
[later] , the regional committee of the communist party of kosovo and metohija passed a resolution in june 1944 which referred to ‘ some mistakes , errors , and failures ’ , but without explicit reference to the bujan conference .

‘ Race ’ became established as a sensationalist issue in print journalism in 1958 , after a number of violent attacks on Black communities in Nottingham and Notting Hill , which were subsequently characterised as ‘ race riots ’ .
‘ race ’ became established as a sensationalist issue in print journalism in 1958 , after a number of violent attacks on black communities in nottingham and notting hill , which were [later] characterised as ‘ race riots ’ .

Aubrey Boomer also held the post at Royal Waterloo and subsequently moved to the Royal Golf Club de Belgique at Ravenstein .
aubrey boomer also held the post at royal waterloo and [later] moved to the royal golf club de belgique at ravenstein .

But she also denied knowing Dassac , and the police subsequently discovered that she had had numerous telephone conversations with him and paid him large sums of money under a false name through a Swiss bank account .
but she also denied knowing dassac , and the police [later] discovered that she had had numerous telephone conversations with him and paid him large sums of money under a false name through a swiss bank account .

Subsequently , 22lb of Semtex was found dumped in water filter beds in Stoke Newington , north London , and then 25lb of Semtex and some firearms were found near Scarborough , North Yorkshire .
[later] , 22lb of semtex was found dumped in water filter beds in stoke newington , north london , and then 25lb of semtex and some firearms were found near scarborough , north yorkshire .

The one Non-Conformist chapel referred to in the article has been saved because it subsequently became a parish church and thus qualified for the fund .
the one non-conformist chapel referred to in the article has been saved because it [later] became a parish church and thus qualified for the fund .

This was not always so : in Senior ( 1899 ) a man who belonged to a religious sect called the Peculiar People refused to call a doctor to his child , who subsequently died ; he was held guilty of manslaughter on the ground that he had committed an unlawful act ( wilful neglect of the child ) which caused death .
this was not always so : in senior ( 1899 ) a man who belonged to a religious sect called the peculiar people refused to call a doctor to his child , who [later] died ; he was held guilty of manslaughter on the ground that he had committed an unlawful act ( wilful neglect of the child ) which caused death .

There is no clear decision on whether battery can be committed by the indirect application of force by digging a hole into which people subsequently fall , for example , but there are judicial statements in favour of including indirect force .
there is no clear decision on whether battery can be committed by the indirect application of force by digging a hole into which people [later] fall , for example , but there are judicial statements in favour of including indirect force .

Subsequently Pasternak won the Nobel prize .
[later] pasternak won the nobel prize .

Subsequently , millions of pamphlets were circulated on birth control .
[later] , millions of pamphlets were circulated on birth control .

The Labour Party subsequently achieved some measure of socialism under Attlee , despite the hostility of capitalism , and the Labour Party was well informed about the real strength of the fascist challenge .
the labour party [later] achieved some measure of socialism under attlee , despite the hostility of capitalism , and the labour party was well informed about the real strength of the fascist challenge .

Increased earnings , grabbed as a result of strike action rather than earned by increased productivity and profitability had always been subsequently eaten away by inflation .
increased earnings , grabbed as a result of strike action rather than earned by increased productivity and profitability had always been [later] eaten away by inflation .

There was , of course , no such safety problem , as the safety inspector subsequently confirmed , and the steward was given the first of the warning notes , as planned .
there was , of course , no such safety problem , as the safety inspector [later] confirmed , and the steward was given the first of the warning notes , as planned .

Delegate after delegate during the three day conference subsequently referred to his address to confess that the real world of the International Planning Manager was a totally different world from that perceived by politicians and their academic advisers .
delegate after delegate during the three day conference [later] referred to his address to confess that the real world of the international planning manager was a totally different world from that perceived by politicians and their academic advisers .

The Muslim potters of Malaga in the Kingdom of Granada became justly famous for their wares and lustre pottery was subsequently made by both Muslim and Christian potters in the Christian town of Valencia .
the muslim potters of malaga in the kingdom of granada became justly famous for their wares and lustre pottery was [later] made by both muslim and christian potters in the christian town of valencia .

But the benefits have come full circle , for the long master chronologies subsequently established for archaeological dating and calibration of radiocarbon results are now of just as much value to climatologists studying cycles in weather patterns associated with factors like sunspot activity and variations in the earth 's orbital parameters .
but the benefits have come full circle , for the long master chronologies [later] established for archaeological dating and calibration of radiocarbon results are now of just as much value to climatologists studying cycles in weather patterns associated with factors like sunspot activity and variations in the earth 's orbital parameters .

The problem is often not just whether it is genuine or fake , but rather how much is original , and what has subsequently been done to the object , when , by whom and why .
the problem is often not just whether it is genuine or fake , but rather how much is original , and what has [later] been done to the object , when , by whom and why .

Few people , however , are aware of how object-related information is generated , gathered , structured and subsequently applied .
few people , however , are aware of how object-related information is generated , gathered , structured and [later] applied .

In the Potteries a prosperous general dealer in china and earthenware had handed over his business to his sons , who subsequently let the business collapse : his grandson remembered him ‘ sitting in the sunshine … just below the house which was once his own .
in the potteries a prosperous general dealer in china and earthenware had handed over his business to his sons , who [later] let the business collapse : his grandson remembered him ‘ sitting in the sunshine … just below the house which was once his own .

Here she would receive such visitors as happened to be staying in the house , and subsequently reverential visitors , who appealed to her for aid or sympathy .
here she would receive such visitors as happened to be staying in the house , and [later] reverential visitors , who appealed to her for aid or sympathy .

Notes made subsequently , even shortly afterwards , can be incorrect .
notes made [later] , even shortly afterwards , can be incorrect .

When Vladislav moved to the castle , the tower was left incomplete and was subsequently used for the storage of gunpowder .
when vladislav moved to the castle , the tower was left incomplete and was [later] used for the storage of gunpowder .

Many pieces of information given to the reader are subsequently contradicted , many of the events recounted are then said not to have happened , there are conversations which may or may not have taken place and characters are themselves then someone else , or themselves and someone else . ( Bacarisse 1980 : 19 )
many pieces of information given to the reader are [later] contradicted , many of the events recounted are then said not to have happened , there are conversations which may or may not have taken place and characters are themselves then someone else , or themselves and someone else . ( bacarisse 1980 : 19 )

In one of the central episodes in the novel , Humberto not only cuckolds his employer , but fathers on his wife the heir whom the oligarch himself has never been able to engender , and it is only subsequently that it becomes clear that what has been narrated as a factual account of events is , in reality , no more than a fantasy in which he simultaneously avenges his social humiliation and effects the incorporation of the humble Peñaloza line into the oligarchy .
in one of the central episodes in the novel , humberto not only cuckolds his employer , but fathers on his wife the heir whom the oligarch himself has never been able to engender , and it is only [later] that it becomes clear that what has been narrated as a factual account of events is , in reality , no more than a fantasy in which he simultaneously avenges his social humiliation and effects the incorporation of the humble peñaloza line into the oligarchy .

The first suggestion implies that context pre-exposure should make subsequently acquired latent inhibition less likely to be context-specific — subjects need to be prepared to learn about the context if context-specificity is to occur .
the first suggestion implies that context pre-exposure should make [later] acquired latent inhibition less likely to be context-specific — subjects need to be prepared to learn about the context if context-specificity is to occur .

Significantly , however , in view of what was subsequently to happen , during the week leading up to the ballot there were growing reservations among her supporters , including ministers , about such a course of action .
significantly , however , in view of what was [later] to happen , during the week leading up to the ballot there were growing reservations among her supporters , including ministers , about such a course of action .

He subsequently served as Chief Royal Engineer of 1st Airborne Division in Normandy , and after the Second World War took up a string of staff appointments .
he [later] served as chief royal engineer of 1st airborne division in normandy , and after the second world war took up a string of staff appointments .

In 1949 he joined Professor Young 's team at London University , and subsequently held academic appointments in Canada and America .
in 1949 he joined professor young 's team at london university , and [later] held academic appointments in canada and america .

Their modus operandi is to cajole their victims into parting with valuables which subsequently they hope to resell for much higher prices .
their modus operandi is to cajole their victims into parting with valuables which [later] they hope to resell for much higher prices .

The discredited test was used since the Seventies to identify impurities , and many owners were given clean bills of health on houses which subsequently were found to be contaminated and are now in danger of collapse .
the discredited test was used since the seventies to identify impurities , and many owners were given clean bills of health on houses which [later] were found to be contaminated and are now in danger of collapse .

As a student at Columbia University , New York — where he took a degree and a doctorate — and subsequently as a teacher of biochemistry at Boston University , he continued to write in his spare time .
as a student at columbia university , new york — where he took a degree and a doctorate — and [later] as a teacher of biochemistry at boston university , he continued to write in his spare time .

Subsequently , Miss Picon inclined more and more to the legitimate theatre , both on Broadway and on tour .
[later] , miss picon inclined more and more to the legitimate theatre , both on broadway and on tour .

Joseph Terence Anthony Burke was born on July 14 1913 and educated at Ealing Priory School and King 's College , London , where he subsequently taught the history of art before becoming assistant keeper at the Victoria and Albert Museum in 1938 .
joseph terence anthony burke was born on july 14 1913 and educated at ealing priory school and king 's college , london , where he [later] taught the history of art before becoming assistant keeper at the victoria and albert museum in 1938 .

But the Hodgsons seem to have over-extended themselves and lost their monopoly on exporting beer to India , which was subsequently picked up by such upstarts as Bass .
but the hodgsons seem to have over-extended themselves and lost their monopoly on exporting beer to india , which was [later] picked up by such upstarts as bass .

The only added cost was the need for a second driver when running in excess of 100mph , but this was subsequently rescinded to 110mph .
the only added cost was the need for a second driver when running in excess of 100mph , but this was [later] rescinded to 110mph .

Subsequently , while the total number of 110mph trains was retained some were withdrawn from the Glasgow service in favour of key Manchester and Liverpool business trains .
[later] , while the total number of 110mph trains was retained some were withdrawn from the glasgow service in favour of key manchester and liverpool business trains .

Subsequently , the Bicester service , although still indicated as experimental in the public timetable , has been enhanced and an intermediate station opened at Islip .
[later] , the bicester service , although still indicated as experimental in the public timetable , has been enhanced and an intermediate station opened at islip .

Both Coleshill ( burnt in 1953 ) and Dunsland ( 1967 ) were subsequently entirely destroyed — decisions which have been deeply deplored ever since .
both coleshill ( burnt in 1953 ) and dunsland ( 1967 ) were [later] entirely destroyed — decisions which have been deeply deplored ever since .

He entered a nursing home , and subsequently his resources ran down and his daughter was threatened with being sued by the nursing home for outstanding fees .
he entered a nursing home , and [later] his resources ran down and his daughter was threatened with being sued by the nursing home for outstanding fees .

The Government has published its review of the National Health Service and has subsequently released 8 working papers .
the government has published its review of the national health service and has [later] released 8 working papers .

The Dobermann really came into its own as a domestic dog in the 1980s and , subsequently , far too many were bred .
the dobermann really came into its own as a domestic dog in the 1980s and , [later] , far too many were bred .

And yet such an Englishman must wonder : Was there once virtue in England , which subsequently went out of her ?
and yet such an englishman must wonder : was there once virtue in england , which [later] went out of her ?

Initially , when the market was small there were several contestants but some have subsequently fallen .
initially , when the market was small there were several contestants but some have [later] fallen .

Her Royal Highness subsequently visited Lincolnshire and was received on arrival by Her Majesty 's Lord-Lieutenant for Lincolnshire ( Captain Henry Nevile ) .
her royal highness [later] visited lincolnshire and was received on arrival by her majesty 's lord-lieutenant for lincolnshire ( captain henry nevile ) .

Finding the charms of the private sector unexpectedly resistible , he returned to government , and subsequently caught the eye of Sir Edward Youde , the Governor of Hong Kong from 1982-85 .
finding the charms of the private sector unexpectedly resistible , he returned to government , and [later] caught the eye of sir edward youde , the governor of hong kong from 1982-85 .

Subsequently , in an unrelated claim by the plaintiff bank against the defendants , the bank sought discovery of the copy of the employee 's affidavit in the defendants ' solicitors ' possession .
[later] , in an unrelated claim by the plaintiff bank against the defendants , the bank sought discovery of the copy of the employee 's affidavit in the defendants ' solicitors ' possession .

Subsequently , His Royal Highness visited the Lawson Memorial Hospital , Golspie .
[later] , his royal highness visited the lawson memorial hospital , golspie .

He subsequently popularised his political movement , the ‘ Rassemblement National ’ with the memorable slogan ‘ Against de Gaulle and Communism ’ .
he [later] popularised his political movement , the ‘ rassemblement national ’ with the memorable slogan ‘ against de gaulle and communism ’ .

Subsequently the scientists had advised the local environmental health officer of the dangers and he closed the water .
[later] the scientists had advised the local environmental health officer of the dangers and he closed the water .

The government subsequently altered its estimate of those able to claim and came up with a 50 per cent take-up rate .
the government [later] altered its estimate of those able to claim and came up with a 50 per cent take-up rate .

‘ Publication should remain a matter for the editor 's discretion , but if a complaint is subsequently upheld the council may feel justified in strengthening criticism . ’
‘ publication should remain a matter for the editor 's discretion , but if a complaint is [later] upheld the council may feel justified in strengthening criticism . ’

The government subsequently altered its estimate of those able to claim and came up with a 50 per cent take-up rate .
the government [later] altered its estimate of those able to claim and came up with a 50 per cent take-up rate .

Initially Mr Bond gave his approval , but it is understood that sanction has subsequently been withdrawn .
initially mr bond gave his approval , but it is understood that sanction has [later] been withdrawn .

The dilapidated mill was bought in 1946 by Mr and Mrs Myatt , who subsequently spent two years converting the remains into an interesting dwelling .
the dilapidated mill was bought in 1946 by mr and mrs myatt , who [later] spent two years converting the remains into an interesting dwelling .

He subsequently went into partnership ; Stratford Mills were operated by Biddle and Bishop during the 1830s , although in later years , other tenants such as corn merchants , Reynolds and Allen , occupied at least part of the mills .
he [later] went into partnership ; stratford mills were operated by biddle and bishop during the 1830s , although in later years , other tenants such as corn merchants , reynolds and allen , occupied at least part of the mills .

Millbottom has been in and out of the cloth trade and was subsequently turned over to other uses .
millbottom has been in and out of the cloth trade and was [later] turned over to other uses .

In later life it served as a stable , the 16th century structure being initially restored in 1937 and subsequently converted .
in later life it served as a stable , the 16th century structure being initially restored in 1937 and [later] converted .

Both sites were kept going until the early 1980s , when the latter was closed and subsequently covered by new housing in late 1988 .
both sites were kept going until the early 1980s , when the latter was closed and [later] covered by new housing in late 1988 .

This was yet another corn mill , probably built during the 16th century , later turned over to fulling and subsequently enlarged to form a substantial cloth mill .
this was yet another corn mill , probably built during the 16th century , later turned over to fulling and [later] enlarged to form a substantial cloth mill .

They subsequently worked the mill to great effect , but fluctuations in trade caused problems for them among others .
they [later] worked the mill to great effect , but fluctuations in trade caused problems for them among others .

The Soudley site subsequently came into the hands of notable local iron master , William Crawshay who , in 1838 , re-leased it to Hewlett .
the soudley site [later] came into the hands of notable local iron master , william crawshay who , in 1838 , re-leased it to hewlett .

The pulp was then passed onto rollers and subsequently pegged out to dry .
the pulp was then passed onto rollers and [later] pegged out to dry .

This time he had informed him of two witnesses that he had brought to Nottingham , who had subsequently identified him as the man they had seen in Cross Street at the time of the murder .
this time he had informed him of two witnesses that he had brought to nottingham , who had [later] identified him as the man they had seen in cross street at the time of the murder .

Nothing more was said as the small tailor was accompanied to Egham Police Station and subsequently to Windsor .
nothing more was said as the small tailor was accompanied to egham police station and [later] to windsor .

However the librettist , Giovanni De Gamerra ( 1743–1803 ) , had also sent the libretto to Pietro Metastasio in Vienna who subsequently made various suggestions for improvement , including the addition of a scene in the second act , so Mozart had to rewrite some of his music .
however the librettist , giovanni de gamerra ( 1743–1803 ) , had also sent the libretto to pietro metastasio in vienna who [later] made various suggestions for improvement , including the addition of a scene in the second act , so mozart had to rewrite some of his music .

Paula Milne 's novel , on which the play was subsequently based , was written in the wake of the controversies surrounding the Leonard Arthur case and the case of Alexandra , the Down 's child granted an operation by Hammersmith Council against the wishes of her parents . Writing in The Evening Standard in May , 1982 when the original book was published , Paula Milne said :
paula milne 's novel , on which the play was [later] based , was written in the wake of the controversies surrounding the leonard arthur case and the case of alexandra , the down 's child granted an operation by hammersmith council against the wishes of her parents . writing in the evening standard in may , 1982 when the original book was published , paula milne said :

She may , however , belong to the Sharman family of Weston , Northamptonshire , where the poet subsequently worked as a kitchen maid .
she may , however , belong to the sharman family of weston , northamptonshire , where the poet [later] worked as a kitchen maid .

That seems possible because in one of Jacob 's books , Cornet à Dés , there was a dedication to Modigliani in the edition published in 1917 which was deleted subsequently , presumably as a result of the mysterious quarrel over Beatrice .
that seems possible because in one of jacob 's books , cornet à dés , there was a dedication to modigliani in the edition published in 1917 which was deleted [later] , presumably as a result of the mysterious quarrel over beatrice .

This stops them working loose as yours have done and subsequently ruining the engine .
this stops them working loose as yours have done and [later] ruining the engine .

In order to see what can be achieved by a successful agrarian reform policy and yet how these achievements can subsequently be reversed , it is worth examining Chilean agrarian changes .
in order to see what can be achieved by a successful agrarian reform policy and yet how these achievements can [later] be reversed , it is worth examining chilean agrarian changes .

With luck , their homes would not be burgled and any disputes that might subsequently arise over their property would be swiftly resolved on production of those impressive-looking deeds , some of them so old that they bore the colophon of the Sublime Porte .
with luck , their homes would not be burgled and any disputes that might [later] arise over their property would be swiftly resolved on production of those impressive-looking deeds , some of them so old that they bore the colophon of the sublime porte .

The more extreme Palestinian groups and , more discreetly , Arafat 's Fatah guerrillas and subsequently the Muslim militias — were drawn into battle with the Phalange .
the more extreme palestinian groups and , more discreetly , arafat 's fatah guerrillas and [later] the muslim militias — were drawn into battle with the phalange .

As we shall see subsequently , many of the revolts that become nationalist start as a reaction to increased centralization — administrative ( with increased taxation ) by the State and economic , by external markets .
as we shall see [later] , many of the revolts that become nationalist start as a reaction to increased centralization — administrative ( with increased taxation ) by the state and economic , by external markets .

Thus the more backward could liberate the advanced ( a point subsequently of great importance for the Bolsheviks ) , a ‘ non-historical , people an historical one .
thus the more backward could liberate the advanced ( a point [later] of great importance for the bolsheviks ) , a ‘ non-historical , people an historical one .

Stalin was not to know that his criteria would exclude many nations that were subsequently to emerge ( for example , Pakistan , without a common language or territory , but with a common religion ) , and force some groups into being nations ( the most notorious example being the black American population ) .
stalin was not to know that his criteria would exclude many nations that were [later] to emerge ( for example , pakistan , without a common language or territory , but with a common religion ) , and force some groups into being nations ( the most notorious example being the black american population ) .

Simultaneously , Turkish forces seized the port of Batum , but were subsequently expelled by Red Army detachments .
simultaneously , turkish forces seized the port of batum , but were [later] expelled by red army detachments .

It is to be noted that this proposition appears to have been doubted by the Court of Appeal subsequently in Francome v. Mirror Group Newspapers Ltd , where Sir Robert 's remarks were distinguished as relating to a case involving the detection of crime .
it is to be noted that this proposition appears to have been doubted by the court of appeal [later] in francome v. mirror group newspapers ltd , where sir robert 's remarks were distinguished as relating to a case involving the detection of crime .

The court in Malone also held , however , that even if an action in confidence does apply to telephone conversations , in this case the circumstances would be governed by Gartside v. Outram , where it was held that ‘ there is no confidence in the disclosure of an iniquity ’ , observations subsequently explained by Lord Denning as merely an instance of just cause or excuse for breaking a confidence .
the court in malone also held , however , that even if an action in confidence does apply to telephone conversations , in this case the circumstances would be governed by gartside v. outram , where it was held that ‘ there is no confidence in the disclosure of an iniquity ’ , observations [later] explained by lord denning as merely an instance of just cause or excuse for breaking a confidence .

To the extent that the Home Secretary suggested that the Act did not involve any extension of the Government 's powers , this could be only because in practice the guidelines were being exceeded for , as has been pointed out subsequently , the phrase ‘ national security ’ is not confined to major subversion or espionage ( Lloyd , 1987 ) .
to the extent that the home secretary suggested that the act did not involve any extension of the government 's powers , this could be only because in practice the guidelines were being exceeded for , as has been pointed out [later] , the phrase ‘ national security ’ is not confined to major subversion or espionage ( lloyd , 1987 ) .

He went for a time to Australia , then jumped ship in Cape Town ( which caused a scandal ) and was subsequently cared for by his uncle Willy , Theunis 's younger son .
he went for a time to australia , then jumped ship in cape town ( which caused a scandal ) and was [later] cared for by his uncle willy , theunis 's younger son .

That may have been one factor in causing her subsequently to bring up the children in the Jewish faith .
that may have been one factor in causing her [later] to bring up the children in the jewish faith .

Only in 1835 , after intermittent rioting , subsequently suppressed by the Coldstream Guards , did the magistrates cautiously suggest that unrest had ended , ‘ Otmoor , being now it may be hoped in a state of permanent tranquillity ’ .
only in 1835 , after intermittent rioting , [later] suppressed by the coldstream guards , did the magistrates cautiously suggest that unrest had ended , ‘ otmoor , being now it may be hoped in a state of permanent tranquillity ’ .

He had subsequently been very successful as a writer .
he had [later] been very successful as a writer .

Alfonso was taken prisoner , possibly by El Cid himself , and subsequently exiled to Toledo .
alfonso was taken prisoner , possibly by el cid himself , and [later] exiled to toledo .

The Icelanders called one of their finest gushers of boiling water and steam Geysir , and this name was applied subsequently to all those depressing pieces of gas-fired plumbing which used to be a familiar part of the British bathroom scene .
the icelanders called one of their finest gushers of boiling water and steam geysir , and this name was applied [later] to all those depressing pieces of gas-fired plumbing which used to be a familiar part of the british bathroom scene .

The remarkably faithful matching of the Mid-Atlantic Ridge to the shapes of the continents was a great boost to the theory of continental drift , which postulated that Africa and South America had originally formed a supercontinent , which subsequently split up , with the two parts moving away in opposite directions .
the remarkably faithful matching of the mid-atlantic ridge to the shapes of the continents was a great boost to the theory of continental drift , which postulated that africa and south america had originally formed a supercontinent , which [later] split up , with the two parts moving away in opposite directions .

Full of confidence , Pliny tried to calm down the overwrought Pomponianus , and to demonstrate his own unconcern , went off to freshen up in the local baths , and subsequently sat down to eat a hearty meal .
full of confidence , pliny tried to calm down the overwrought pomponianus , and to demonstrate his own unconcern , went off to freshen up in the local baths , and [later] sat down to eat a hearty meal .

The most convenient way to study flows of this sort is to look at old examples which have been brought up above sea level by earth movements of one kind or another , and which have been subsequently cut through by erosion and exposed in clean , dry cliff sections .
the most convenient way to study flows of this sort is to look at old examples which have been brought up above sea level by earth movements of one kind or another , and which have been [later] cut through by erosion and exposed in clean , dry cliff sections .

During its 1947 eruption , the Icelandic volcano Hekla ejected ash at a rate estimated to be nearly 100,000 cubic metres per second during the first half hour , slowing down subsequently to a more modest 30,000 cubic metres per second .
during its 1947 eruption , the icelandic volcano hekla ejected ash at a rate estimated to be nearly 100,000 cubic metres per second during the first half hour , slowing down [later] to a more modest 30,000 cubic metres per second .

Jude the Obscure was serialised in Harper 's New Monthly Magazine between December 1894 and November 1895 , the first part under the title The Simpletons , but subsequently as Hearts Insurgent .
jude the obscure was serialised in harper 's new monthly magazine between december 1894 and november 1895 , the first part under the title the simpletons , but [later] as hearts insurgent .

The party thus deceived would therefore be able subsequently to avoid the marriage .
the party thus deceived would therefore be able [later] to avoid the marriage .

Fourth , if , having acted according to these principles , he were subsequently challenged regarding the lawfulness of his conduct , the doctor would have the benefit of the defence of necessity if he had intervened , but if he had not intervened , he would not thereby be in breach of his duty to his patient .
fourth , if , having acted according to these principles , he were [later] challenged regarding the lawfulness of his conduct , the doctor would have the benefit of the defence of necessity if he had intervened , but if he had not intervened , he would not thereby be in breach of his duty to his patient .

The roof , however , was only six years old and a structural analysis subsequently carried out by a structural engineer showed that not only was it impossible for that roof to slip , but furthermore it was twice as strong as the Building Regulations required .
the roof , however , was only six years old and a structural analysis [later] carried out by a structural engineer showed that not only was it impossible for that roof to slip , but furthermore it was twice as strong as the building regulations required .

Most have the compulsion to travel and then to write about it ; their books may subsequently fund their next trip .
most have the compulsion to travel and then to write about it ; their books may [later] fund their next trip .

George Mortimer Pullman , woodworker and lover of beautiful things , transformed American travel by train , and subsequently train travel worldwide , by creating the Pullman car in the 1860s .
george mortimer pullman , woodworker and lover of beautiful things , transformed american travel by train , and [later] train travel worldwide , by creating the pullman car in the 1860s .

This brief was subsequently widened to cover the occurrence of other disturbances during July 1981 .
this brief was [later] widened to cover the occurrence of other disturbances during july 1981 .

You know , the kind which reads in full : ‘ About as riveting as watching snow melt , about as thrilling as a plate of polenta , ’ and is subsequently truncated to ‘ Rivetting !
you know , the kind which reads in full : ‘ about as riveting as watching snow melt , about as thrilling as a plate of polenta , ’ and is [later] truncated to ‘ rivetting !

She won her case on appeal , but this was subsequently overruled by the House of Lords .
she won her case on appeal , but this was [later] overruled by the house of lords .

If she subsequently changes her mind and refuses to hand the child over , the courts may allow her to keep the child , and in practice she will be unlikely to return any money , even if she were legally required to do so .
if she [later] changes her mind and refuses to hand the child over , the courts may allow her to keep the child , and in practice she will be unlikely to return any money , even if she were legally required to do so .

The advert for the new editors which subsequently appeared in the Guardian stipulated that the applicants for both jobs ‘ should have a tremendous enthusiasm for and encyclopedic knowledge of the metal/rock scene . ’
the advert for the new editors which [later] appeared in the guardian stipulated that the applicants for both jobs ‘ should have a tremendous enthusiasm for and encyclopedic knowledge of the metal/rock scene . ’

Foundations are laid in early months and years and subsequently built on .
foundations are laid in early months and years and [later] built on .

The ideological commitment to equality between the sexes reinforces expectations about male participation in the very early stages of parenthood which may subsequently be disappointed by social , biological and practical realities .
the ideological commitment to equality between the sexes reinforces expectations about male participation in the very early stages of parenthood which may [later] be disappointed by social , biological and practical realities .

The broadcast was subsequently distributed on record at eight shillings a disk .
the broadcast was [later] distributed on record at eight shillings a disk .

Subsequently the boy was held in Brixton Prison for several weeks under a deportation order while Dorothy Hardisty lobbied the Home Office .
[later] the boy was held in brixton prison for several weeks under a deportation order while dorothy hardisty lobbied the home office .

While running LoPresti Piper Engineering at Vero Beach Roy LoPresti was working on plans to relaunch production of a much updated and aerodynamically improved version of the Comanche — subsequently abandoned in the face of Piper 's continuing financial difficulties .
while running lopresti piper engineering at vero beach roy lopresti was working on plans to relaunch production of a much updated and aerodynamically improved version of the comanche — [later] abandoned in the face of piper 's continuing financial difficulties .

It is essential that flyblown meat is not given as food and it is equally essential to ensure that food given to the young ferrets does n't subsequently become flyblown .
it is essential that flyblown meat is not given as food and it is equally essential to ensure that food given to the young ferrets does n't [later] become flyblown .

They are then either killed by the ferrets or are subsequently dug out alive .
they are then either killed by the ferrets or are [later] dug out alive .

Put the line ferret through the system and the loose ferret may well be located and subsequently dug out in the same way as a rabbit .
put the line ferret through the system and the loose ferret may well be located and [later] dug out in the same way as a rabbit .

After his death in 1721 he was buried in Pelynt , where the rusted plate from his coffin , ( subsequently excavated ) , his chair and a crozier are still on view .
after his death in 1721 he was buried in pelynt , where the rusted plate from his coffin , ( [later] excavated ) , his chair and a crozier are still on view .

Subsequently a mob raided and plundered Morval , taking bounty to the value of £200 .
[later] a mob raided and plundered morval , taking bounty to the value of £200 .

He subsequently became a national figure and a wealthy man before dying in poverty .
he [later] became a national figure and a wealthy man before dying in poverty .

It was subsequently used — symbolically , some of its former pupils may have felt , as a police station with prison cells .
it was [later] used — symbolically , some of its former pupils may have felt , as a police station with prison cells .

The stone subsequently collapsed into their diggings , to be found there by Borlase a century later .
the stone [later] collapsed into their diggings , to be found there by borlase a century later .

The story , passed down through the centuries , is that this powerful order somehow chanced upon the proof that Christ did not die upon the cross but was taken down , survived and was subsequently married .
the story , passed down through the centuries , is that this powerful order somehow chanced upon the proof that christ did not die upon the cross but was taken down , survived and was [later] married .

He subsequently set off to explore the county on foot as far as Lands End and his notes show that his book , had it been written , would have contained some far-fetched fantasies — as well as straight inaccuracies .
he [later] set off to explore the county on foot as far as lands end and his notes show that his book , had it been written , would have contained some far-fetched fantasies — as well as straight inaccuracies .

When the King 's Commissioners subsequently descended on Cornwall he , with many other land-owners of local renown , was seized and sentenced to be hung , drawn , quartered and have his head boiled with salt and cummin-seed in the hangman 's kettle .
when the king 's commissioners [later] descended on cornwall he , with many other land-owners of local renown , was seized and sentenced to be hung , drawn , quartered and have his head boiled with salt and cummin-seed in the hangman 's kettle .

An epidemic of measles was subsequently blamed upon the stench from the rotting corpse .
an epidemic of measles was [later] blamed upon the stench from the rotting corpse .

The barrow was subsequently restored and is still to be found deep in the moors half a mile North East of the Hurlers .
the barrow was [later] restored and is still to be found deep in the moors half a mile north east of the hurlers .

Subsequently , barbel fishing went through a slack period when interest was lost through an increased enthusiasm for game fishing .
[later] , barbel fishing went through a slack period when interest was lost through an increased enthusiasm for game fishing .

He is responsible for presenting to the council and its committees all matters of business which are brought to his notice , either from members of the public , members of the council or from the officers themselves , and of recording the decisions , either by way of minutes of the committees or of reports of the committees which are subsequently presented to the council .
he is responsible for presenting to the council and its committees all matters of business which are brought to his notice , either from members of the public , members of the council or from the officers themselves , and of recording the decisions , either by way of minutes of the committees or of reports of the committees which are [later] presented to the council .

Subsequently , nineteenth-century philanthropy sought to protect older people from the worst impacts of the economic climate , and such efforts culminated in the introduction of pension legislation .
[later] , nineteenth-century philanthropy sought to protect older people from the worst impacts of the economic climate , and such efforts culminated in the introduction of pension legislation .

The baby subsequently died in intensive care .
the baby [later] died in intensive care .

Thus the definition of need in old age , which was adopted by Beveridge and was subsequently followed by all post-war Governments , was a minimalist one concerned with subsistence rather than the full participation of pensioners in society as equal citizens with other age groups .
thus the definition of need in old age , which was adopted by beveridge and was [later] followed by all post-war governments , was a minimalist one concerned with subsistence rather than the full participation of pensioners in society as equal citizens with other age groups .

The trial offer was to be followed by interest-free credit , if a purchase was subsequently made .
the trial offer was to be followed by interest-free credit , if a purchase was [later] made .

In some cases , purchasers of leasehold properties have made assumptions about the level of service charges they would be required to pay which have subsequently turned out to seriously underestimate the increases which the manager has in fact levied over a number of years .
in some cases , purchasers of leasehold properties have made assumptions about the level of service charges they would be required to pay which have [later] turned out to seriously underestimate the increases which the manager has in fact levied over a number of years .

When eventually the court decided that mother and daughter could be reunited , Rosemary was subsequently staying with friends of her mother , people she came to know as ‘ auntie ’ and ‘ uncle ’ .
when eventually the court decided that mother and daughter could be reunited , rosemary was [later] staying with friends of her mother , people she came to know as ‘ auntie ’ and ‘ uncle ’ .

Identical pitfalls await the student of what political scientists call the ‘ overload ’ problem in government when he or she attempts to read into the past harbingers of difficulties which subsequently became acute .
identical pitfalls await the student of what political scientists call the ‘ overload ’ problem in government when he or she attempts to read into the past harbingers of difficulties which [later] became acute .

The Cabinet committee on a new Government Conference Centre to be built on the Storey 's Gate site ruled out the investment on grounds of cost ( it was subsequently given the go-ahead and , as of Autumn 1985 , has almost been completed ) .
the cabinet committee on a new government conference centre to be built on the storey 's gate site ruled out the investment on grounds of cost ( it was [later] given the go-ahead and , as of autumn 1985 , has almost been completed ) .

Subsequently these variations will be translated into different degrees of emphasis in ordering .
[later] these variations will be translated into different degrees of emphasis in ordering .

The route was subsequently altered to run between Cleveleys and Lytham via Layton and Halfway House .
the route was [later] altered to run between cleveleys and lytham via layton and halfway house .

Blown over in a freak gust outside the Metropole on 6 December 1940 ; car 50 was subsequently broken up .
blown over in a freak gust outside the metropole on 6 december 1940 ; car 50 was [later] broken up .

Car 638 was rebuilt for one-man operation in 1969 , but was found unsuitable and subsequently scrapped .
car 638 was rebuilt for one-man operation in 1969 , but was found unsuitable and [later] scrapped .

Arkwright bought the manor of Cromford , was subsequently knighted , and became High Sheriff of Derbyshire — not bad for a barber 's apprentice .
arkwright bought the manor of cromford , was [later] knighted , and became high sheriff of derbyshire — not bad for a barber 's apprentice .

Subsequently , iron ore was also mined at Boulby , and the foundations of a shanty town of corrugated iron huts , locally nicknamed ‘ Tin City ’ , remain where miners lived until the 1930s .
[later] , iron ore was also mined at boulby , and the foundations of a shanty town of corrugated iron huts , locally nicknamed ‘ tin city ’ , remain where miners lived until the 1930s .

Coalbrookdale , now absorbed by the New Town of Telford , was formerly an industrial village in the heavily wooded Severn valley subsequently called the Ironbridge Gorge ( q.v . )
coalbrookdale , now absorbed by the new town of telford , was formerly an industrial village in the heavily wooded severn valley [later] called the ironbridge gorge ( q.v . )

Even the original factory chimney was designed as an Egyptian obelisk , though this subsequently cracked and had to be replaced by something rather more conventionally Victorian .
even the original factory chimney was designed as an egyptian obelisk , though this [later] cracked and had to be replaced by something rather more conventionally victorian .

The iron road bridge over the Thames , originally built in 1831 , is a fine suspension bridge designed by William Tierney Clark , who subsequently built a similar but larger bridge across the Danube in Budapest .
the iron road bridge over the thames , originally built in 1831 , is a fine suspension bridge designed by william tierney clark , who [later] built a similar but larger bridge across the danube in budapest .

met Dale 's daughter , Anne Caroline Dale , whom he later married , and subsequently took over the New Lanark Mills , which employed a thousand people .
met dale 's daughter , anne caroline dale , whom he later married , and [later] took over the new lanark mills , which employed a thousand people .

The novel opens with the child 's terrifying encounter with Magwitch , an escaped convict , in a lonely country churchyard , and his being forced to steal from his home food and a file for the man whose recapture he subsequently witnesses .
the novel opens with the child 's terrifying encounter with magwitch , an escaped convict , in a lonely country churchyard , and his being forced to steal from his home food and a file for the man whose recapture he [later] witnesses .

It was founded by King Edward the Confessor ( d. 1066 ) but has subsequently been rebuilt and restored .
it was founded by king edward the confessor ( d. 1066 ) but has [later] been rebuilt and restored .

in Poultry , City of London : it was burned down in the Great Fire of 1666 , and subsequently rebuilt .
in poultry , city of london : it was burned down in the great fire of 1666 , and [later] rebuilt .

These general principles were subsequently considered in Todd v British Midland Airways Ltd ( 1978 ) .
these general principles were [later] considered in todd v british midland airways ltd ( 1978 ) .

Similarly , if a threat that your contract will be broken is withdrawn , you are not entitled to leave subsequently and claim that you have been constructively dismissed .
similarly , if a threat that your contract will be broken is withdrawn , you are not entitled to leave [later] and claim that you have been constructively dismissed .

However , subsequently they become more closely packed and release their granules and the plug becomes a dense mass of interdigitated platelets .
however , [later] they become more closely packed and release their granules and the plug becomes a dense mass of interdigitated platelets .

However , Moncada et al ( 1976a ) demonstrated that endothelial cells were capable of producing a potent anti-platelet aggregatory agent and it was subsequently suggested that continuous production of this substance , now called prostacyclin , explained the apparent protection against adhesion and aggregation conferred by the normal endothelium ( Moncada & Vane , 1979 ) .
however , moncada et al ( 1976a ) demonstrated that endothelial cells were capable of producing a potent anti-platelet aggregatory agent and it was [later] suggested that continuous production of this substance , now called prostacyclin , explained the apparent protection against adhesion and aggregation conferred by the normal endothelium ( moncada & vane , 1979 ) .

Subsequently there would be synthesis of collagen , elastin and proteoglycans by smooth muscle cells , intracellular and extracellular lipid accumulation and thrombosis associated with the lesion .
[later] there would be synthesis of collagen , elastin and proteoglycans by smooth muscle cells , intracellular and extracellular lipid accumulation and thrombosis associated with the lesion .

Others may subsequently develop poor control on tablets because of their dietary indiscretions .
others may [later] develop poor control on tablets because of their dietary indiscretions .

It was subsequently agreed that the examination would address information needs by type , ie to concentrate on one or more categories where there appeared to be a problem , as indicated by the earlier interviews with staff and the issues reflected in the rich picture .
it was [later] agreed that the examination would address information needs by type , ie to concentrate on one or more categories where there appeared to be a problem , as indicated by the earlier interviews with staff and the issues reflected in the rich picture .

Such an approach to stationary axisymmetric space-times has subsequently been developed by Ward ( 1983 ) , Woodhouse ( 1987 ) and also by Woodhouse and Mason ( 1988 ) , who showed how this approach relates to the other solution-generating techniques mentioned above .
such an approach to stationary axisymmetric space-times has [later] been developed by ward ( 1983 ) , woodhouse ( 1987 ) and also by woodhouse and mason ( 1988 ) , who showed how this approach relates to the other solution-generating techniques mentioned above .

Not only does this allow the clinical group to monitor and modify their own treatment programmes but subsequently through the introduction of costing systems enable clinicians and managers to come together to plan case-mix and future service patterns .
not only does this allow the clinical group to monitor and modify their own treatment programmes but [later] through the introduction of costing systems enable clinicians and managers to come together to plan case-mix and future service patterns .

Does this disposition discharge the debtor only from his liabilities at the time the will was made or also from interest accruing subsequently ?
does this disposition discharge the debtor only from his liabilities at the time the will was made or also from interest accruing [later] ?

The question is , if he has subsequently borrowed more from the testator , up to what point he has been released from his debts .
the question is , if he has [later] borrowed more from the testator , up to what point he has been released from his debts .

It is not necessary to examine each of these cases here , but sufficient to note that in each there is a disposition which is plainly a legacy sub modo yet which is subsequently described by the jurist as a trust .
it is not necessary to examine each of these cases here , but sufficient to note that in each there is a disposition which is plainly a legacy sub modo yet which is [later] described by the jurist as a trust .

The mounted squadron subsequently executed several movements .
the mounted squadron [later] executed several movements .

George subsequently scored two more hat-tricks for Palace , both at home , against Bournemouth in February 1928 and when Exeter were our visitors in December 1931 .
george [later] scored two more hat-tricks for palace , both at home , against bournemouth in february 1928 and when exeter were our visitors in december 1931 .

He had also won 12 England Youth caps and appeared in the World Youth Cup Finals in Australia in October 1981 , but neither here , or subsequently at Fulham , could he make sufficient impact to be taken onto the professional staff .
he had also won 12 england youth caps and appeared in the world youth cup finals in australia in october 1981 , but neither here , or [later] at fulham , could he make sufficient impact to be taken onto the professional staff .

He scored our equaliser with a hard , low shot from Harry 's cross after half an hour ; headed our second from Clarke 's centre six minutes after half-time and pressurised Jarvie , the Norwich goalkeeper , into conceding a third ( which was subsequently credited to Simpson ) to sew up the match for Palace .
he scored our equaliser with a hard , low shot from harry 's cross after half an hour ; headed our second from clarke 's centre six minutes after half-time and pressurised jarvie , the norwich goalkeeper , into conceding a third ( which was [later] credited to simpson ) to sew up the match for palace .

We were thrilled in June to have the first live sea-lion pup born and subsequently raised to young adulthood .
we were thrilled in june to have the first live sea-lion pup born and [later] raised to young adulthood .

We do not as yet have full details of the standard assessment tasks which will be used at the ages of seven and eleven and subsequently ; if they do not provide a means of screening for learning difficulty , and identifying the nature of the difficulty , a significant opportunity will have been missed .
we do not as yet have full details of the standard assessment tasks which will be used at the ages of seven and eleven and [later] ; if they do not provide a means of screening for learning difficulty , and identifying the nature of the difficulty , a significant opportunity will have been missed .

At the time there were some 900 subscribers to the College ( a number seldom subsequently exceeded ) and 14 pupils .
at the time there were some 900 subscribers to the college ( a number seldom [later] exceeded ) and 14 pupils .

Moorcroft was subsequently encouraged by John Hunter to acquire a training at the veterinary school in Lyons .
moorcroft was [later] encouraged by john hunter to acquire a training at the veterinary school in lyons .

The reserved ground around them , together with some addition subsequently gained by filling up of the Ditch , thus provided for a back entrance to the College from King 's Road .
the reserved ground around them , together with some addition [later] gained by filling up of the ditch , thus provided for a back entrance to the college from king 's road .

The report , which was subsequently sent out to subscribers , has been compared to an auctioneer 's catalogue , and dismissed as uninformative and useless .
the report , which was [later] sent out to subscribers , has been compared to an auctioneer 's catalogue , and dismissed as uninformative and useless .

He subsequently published several works on the treatment of dogs , as well as the popular Illustrated Horse Doctor and The Horse 's Mouth : Shewing the Age by the Teeth which he illustrated himself .
he [later] published several works on the treatment of dogs , as well as the popular illustrated horse doctor and the horse 's mouth : shewing the age by the teeth which he illustrated himself .

‘ Sarah Byrne , unmarried , of Stone Alley , Turnmill Street , Clerkenwell , left a female infant , subsequently baptized Anna Beckett .
‘ sarah byrne , unmarried , of stone alley , turnmill street , clerkenwell , left a female infant , [later] baptized anna beckett .

Built as a family house around 1718 by a wealthy lead mine owner , Charles Bathhurst , the building was subsequently leased , the ballroom added , and it was turned into an impressive coaching inn .
built as a family house around 1718 by a wealthy lead mine owner , charles bathhurst , the building was [later] leased , the ballroom added , and it was turned into an impressive coaching inn .

He somehow bought David Garrick 's share ( with his father-in-law and a friend ) of the Drury Lane Theatre , and subsequently the whole ownership .
he somehow bought david garrick 's share ( with his father-in-law and a friend ) of the drury lane theatre , and [later] the whole ownership .

George Burley presently came into the dining car and spoke for a while to Nell , who subsequently went from table to table , clipboard in place , repeating what he 'd said .
george burley presently came into the dining car and spoke for a while to nell , who [later] went from table to table , clipboard in place , repeating what he 'd said .

If the bride 's mother has subsequently remarried but is jointly hosting the occasion with the bride 's father : Mr Charles Brown and Mrs David Green … their daughter .
if the bride 's mother has [later] remarried but is jointly hosting the occasion with the bride 's father : mr charles brown and mrs david green … their daughter .

But the advisers subsequently admitted that they had based this estimate solely on figures supplied by British Telecom .
but the advisers [later] admitted that they had based this estimate solely on figures supplied by british telecom .

As from two years ago , all students entering technical secondary school have been given a slide-rule for use in classes and subsequently at work .
as from two years ago , all students entering technical secondary school have been given a slide-rule for use in classes and [later] at work .

Subsequently , relieved of the weight of ice , the land rose and the loch surface is now 16 m above sea level .
[later] , relieved of the weight of ice , the land rose and the loch surface is now 16 m above sea level .

Perrin subsequently took charge of the high-pressure research and Gibson was transferred to other work .
perrin [later] took charge of the high-pressure research and gibson was transferred to other work .

Subsequently , polythene played an important part in radar during the Second World War .
[later] , polythene played an important part in radar during the second world war .

Ivanov was capable of using his considerable social skills to cultivate and subsequently exploit successfully the acquaintance of a susceptible person engaged in strategic work .
ivanov was capable of using his considerable social skills to cultivate and [later] exploit successfully the acquaintance of a susceptible person engaged in strategic work .

During the latter part of the 19th century the Royal College of Chemistry ( subsequently retitled the Royal College of Science ) and the Royal School of Mines moved to the site from their previous buildings in the West End and the City and Guilds Institute was built there .
during the latter part of the 19th century the royal college of chemistry ( [later] retitled the royal college of science ) and the royal school of mines moved to the site from their previous buildings in the west end and the city and guilds institute was built there .

Psychiatrists diagnosed Hinckley as suffering from a ‘ schizotypal personality disorder ’ , also known as ambulatory or borderline schizophrenia ( Hinckley was subsequently committed to a mental hospital . )
psychiatrists diagnosed hinckley as suffering from a ‘ schizotypal personality disorder ’ , also known as ambulatory or borderline schizophrenia ( hinckley was [later] committed to a mental hospital . )

In fact the channelling of reports and dissertations towards educationally productive goals is merely part of a wider and far more important issue , that of establishing a new climate of opinion among teachers and those who train them which regards enquiry about the learners and the environment in which they learn as an important part of a teacher 's professional life , which seeks to develop interests and provide skills for them to do so as part of their training and retraining and which rewards initiatives undertaken in college and subsequently .
in fact the channelling of reports and dissertations towards educationally productive goals is merely part of a wider and far more important issue , that of establishing a new climate of opinion among teachers and those who train them which regards enquiry about the learners and the environment in which they learn as an important part of a teacher 's professional life , which seeks to develop interests and provide skills for them to do so as part of their training and retraining and which rewards initiatives undertaken in college and [later] .

In the first ‘ stage ’ yearly writing workshops were held from 1962 , first at Entebbe and subsequently elsewhere .
in the first ‘ stage ’ yearly writing workshops were held from 1962 , first at entebbe and [later] elsewhere .

Moreover we never look hard for what we do n't particularly want to find , and governments ’ revenues and manpower were so highly committed towards programmes of quantitative expansion ( particularly at secondary level ) and subsequently towards keeping the machine they had created running , that few people were prepared to question advice which suggested that a certain new activity could be safely ( and , hopefully , inexpensively ) tucked away at a centre or institute .
moreover we never look hard for what we do n't particularly want to find , and governments ’ revenues and manpower were so highly committed towards programmes of quantitative expansion ( particularly at secondary level ) and [later] towards keeping the machine they had created running , that few people were prepared to question advice which suggested that a certain new activity could be safely ( and , hopefully , inexpensively ) tucked away at a centre or institute .

There are two ways , not mutually exclusive , by which goals may be set and subsequently made public — through a political announcement of national policy and philosophy and its application to the school system and/or by seeking some form of consensus through a commission , review or national symposium .
there are two ways , not mutually exclusive , by which goals may be set and [later] made public — through a political announcement of national policy and philosophy and its application to the school system and/or by seeking some form of consensus through a commission , review or national symposium .

As yet , little emphasis is placed on learning initially planned in school and subsequently carried out in the community , such as home garden plots in Agriculture and Health Education projects .
as yet , little emphasis is placed on learning initially planned in school and [later] carried out in the community , such as home garden plots in agriculture and health education projects .

The Director of Education subsequently produced a written document enunciating this policy .
the director of education [later] produced a written document enunciating this policy .

The limiting factor of that value for each individual will be the amount of mental effort that he is willing or able to make , either alone or with help , in order to acquire a mental image of , and subsequently a conviction about , the reality of the Created God .
the limiting factor of that value for each individual will be the amount of mental effort that he is willing or able to make , either alone or with help , in order to acquire a mental image of , and [later] a conviction about , the reality of the created god .

His more distant relations included Miles of Gloucester , a marcher baron who was responsible for Gilbert becoming abbot of Gloucester , and was subsequently earl of Hereford .
his more distant relations included miles of gloucester , a marcher baron who was responsible for gilbert becoming abbot of gloucester , and was [later] earl of hereford .

One of his first designs was ‘ the Simple Working Chair ’ , produced in 1984 , which has subsequently given comfort to thousands of people .
one of his first designs was ‘ the simple working chair ’ , produced in 1984 , which has [later] given comfort to thousands of people .

At the last two tournaments that Nomad played they fielded an illegal team and have subsequently been disqualified from these two tournaments .
at the last two tournaments that nomad played they fielded an illegal team and have [later] been disqualified from these two tournaments .

Even butterflies take note of being captured at a certain location and when subsequently released , avoid the area for some while after .
even butterflies take note of being captured at a certain location and when [later] released , avoid the area for some while after .

Joseph of Arimathea is reputed to have planted one at Wearyall Hill , which subsequently sprouted into the Glastonbury Thorn .
joseph of arimathea is reputed to have planted one at wearyall hill , which [later] sprouted into the glastonbury thorn .

Earth Mysteries researcher John Merron has subsequently located the other points of the decagon and found them occupied by significant sites .
earth mysteries researcher john merron has [later] located the other points of the decagon and found them occupied by significant sites .

There seem to be strong parallels between energy in the body and energy in the landscape and , in the early 1970s , John Wheaton put forward in The Ley Hunter the idea of ‘ Earth Acupuncture ’ subsequently taken up and developed by Tom Graves .
there seem to be strong parallels between energy in the body and energy in the landscape and , in the early 1970s , john wheaton put forward in the ley hunter the idea of ‘ earth acupuncture ’ [later] taken up and developed by tom graves .

His post of Prime-Minister of Poland set the seal on his reputation as a great patriot , and although the demands of affairs of state subsequently diminished his artistry , he always remained an important musical figure .
his post of prime-minister of poland set the seal on his reputation as a great patriot , and although the demands of affairs of state [later] diminished his artistry , he always remained an important musical figure .

During a five-day fast , Joanna showed a ‘ very marked improvement in her condition ’ and when subsequently challenged with individual foods , she responded sharply to some but not others .
during a five-day fast , joanna showed a ‘ very marked improvement in her condition ’ and when [later] challenged with individual foods , she responded sharply to some but not others .

One way to exploit and overcome the problem of unreacted monomer groups in clinical polymers is to make so-called composite inlays in the laboratory that are subsequently bonded into the dental cavities with an adhesive .
one way to exploit and overcome the problem of unreacted monomer groups in clinical polymers is to make so-called composite inlays in the laboratory that are [later] bonded into the dental cavities with an adhesive .

Bonding to enamel has been done successfully by etching the surface with orthophosphoric acid and subsequently infiltrating with resin monomers .
bonding to enamel has been done successfully by etching the surface with orthophosphoric acid and [later] infiltrating with resin monomers .

When the Report was subsequently embodied into an Act of Parliament , many born-deaf people of undoubted ability found themselves debarred from taking up teaching as a profession unless they could first prove they were able to teach in ordinary schools .
when the report was [later] embodied into an act of parliament , many born-deaf people of undoubted ability found themselves debarred from taking up teaching as a profession unless they could first prove they were able to teach in ordinary schools .

Albert Tarr , who was unmarried and lived with his widowed mother at the tiny Devon village of East Anstey , was subsequently posthumously awarded the Carnegie Bronze Medal — at that time before the introduction of the George Medal , one of the highest possible civilian awards that could be given for acts of heroism and bravery .
albert tarr , who was unmarried and lived with his widowed mother at the tiny devon village of east anstey , was [later] posthumously awarded the carnegie bronze medal — at that time before the introduction of the george medal , one of the highest possible civilian awards that could be given for acts of heroism and bravery .

One of the features of the history of censorship legislation is the way amendments have been subsequently introduced in order to try and plug the loopholes left by some earlier legislation .
one of the features of the history of censorship legislation is the way amendments have been [later] introduced in order to try and plug the loopholes left by some earlier legislation .

Were it not for the extreme aggression that subsequently erupts when the males come too close to one another , superfecundation would undoubtedly be even more common than it is , but some males will never dare to risk a mating with a dominant tom-cat watching from nearby .
were it not for the extreme aggression that [later] erupts when the males come too close to one another , superfecundation would undoubtedly be even more common than it is , but some males will never dare to risk a mating with a dominant tom-cat watching from nearby .

The whole was created beneath the sea and laid down as a series of overlying strata which emerged as an elevated dome , the cap being subsequently removed by erosion .
the whole was created beneath the sea and laid down as a series of overlying strata which emerged as an elevated dome , the cap being [later] removed by erosion .

However , one , which subsequently wintered there , appeared near Rye on 11 September 1970 .
however , one , which [later] wintered there , appeared near rye on 11 september 1970 .

Through contacts made during their industrial placement , many graduates subsequently obtain permanent employment .
through contacts made during their industrial placement , many graduates [later] obtain permanent employment .

While many students subsequently enter the teaching profession or work as professional musicians , they find that the study of music as a discipline trains them intellectually to work successfully in other professions , for example , business , personnel management , arts administration , the civil service , computing , the careers service , librarianship and journalism .
while many students [later] enter the teaching profession or work as professional musicians , they find that the study of music as a discipline trains them intellectually to work successfully in other professions , for example , business , personnel management , arts administration , the civil service , computing , the careers service , librarianship and journalism .

The Girls commence a tuneful lilting chorus and subsequently go through the familiar ‘ cakewalk ’ evolutions .
the girls commence a tuneful lilting chorus and [later] go through the familiar ‘ cakewalk ’ evolutions .

’ John subsequently opened a training establishment with Will Bishop , a famous performer , which they called the ‘ Hygienic School of Dancing ’ .
’ john [later] opened a training establishment with will bishop , a famous performer , which they called the ‘ hygienic school of dancing ’ .

However , if you as a widow subsequently ‘ live with a man as his wife ’ , you can lose your entitlement to the widow 's pension without benefit of marriage lines !
however , if you as a widow [later] ‘ live with a man as his wife ’ , you can lose your entitlement to the widow 's pension without benefit of marriage lines !

Implicit in the use of the problem-solving approach described above is the aim of helping people acquire coping skills which can be used not just to solve the current problems but also to deal with some of those that may occur subsequently .
implicit in the use of the problem-solving approach described above is the aim of helping people acquire coping skills which can be used not just to solve the current problems but also to deal with some of those that may occur [later] .

She subsequently discovered that they had been having an affair for several months .
she [later] discovered that they had been having an affair for several months .

Apart from the load attempted suicide places on health service facilities , it is not yet known whether the high levels of the behaviour in recent years will subsequently be reflected in an increase in the numbers of completed suicides .
apart from the load attempted suicide places on health service facilities , it is not yet known whether the high levels of the behaviour in recent years will [later] be reflected in an increase in the numbers of completed suicides .

Its suggestion of increased co-operation and assistance of international agencies with banks was subsequently acted upon after Mexico 's rescheduling request in August 1982 .
its suggestion of increased co-operation and assistance of international agencies with banks was [later] acted upon after mexico 's rescheduling request in august 1982 .

Such LDCs subsequently found it difficult to service external debts and this had grave implications for the world 's financial system .
such ldcs [later] found it difficult to service external debts and this had grave implications for the world 's financial system .

Subsequently , European partners were bought out and Arab banks transformed them into international banking subsidiaries .
[later] , european partners were bought out and arab banks transformed them into international banking subsidiaries .

Partly because of this facility , knowledge workers are able to communicate directly and informally with the environment 's ‘ original information formulators ’ — and thus receive information before it enters the public domain , if , indeed , it ever subsequently does .
partly because of this facility , knowledge workers are able to communicate directly and informally with the environment 's ‘ original information formulators ’ — and thus receive information before it enters the public domain , if , indeed , it ever [later] does .

It subsequently evolved into a lower-case ‘ Roman ’ face , and with the capital lettering mentioned in the preceding paragraph is still employed by printers down to the present day .
it [later] evolved into a lower-case ‘ roman ’ face , and with the capital lettering mentioned in the preceding paragraph is still employed by printers down to the present day .

To end this book a chapter will , therefore , be devoted to the history of a fictitious place called Combsburgh , with the objects of demonstrating ways in which data obtained by careful research may subsequently be incorporated into a narrative .
to end this book a chapter will , therefore , be devoted to the history of a fictitious place called combsburgh , with the objects of demonstrating ways in which data obtained by careful research may [later] be incorporated into a narrative .

For example , if you wish your ‘ commanding ’ child to wait patiently until a more convenient time for her demands to be met , you could reinforce ( reward ) her for waiting for ( say ) ten seconds , subsequently you would reinforce her for waiting for a longer interval of time , gradually increasing the interval each time you ask her to wait .
for example , if you wish your ‘ commanding ’ child to wait patiently until a more convenient time for her demands to be met , you could reinforce ( reward ) her for waiting for ( say ) ten seconds , [later] you would reinforce her for waiting for a longer interval of time , gradually increasing the interval each time you ask her to wait .

Land registers record disused public-sector land : between 1981 and 1988 , about 50,000 acres were identified and subsequently developed .
land registers record disused public-sector land : between 1981 and 1988 , about 50,000 acres were identified and [later] developed .

All of these processes affect soil and soil water chemistry which subsequently influences the quality of runoff .
all of these processes affect soil and soil water chemistry which [later] influences the quality of runoff .

These latter are the agglomerated , and subsequently dried , cells of single-celled microorganisms like algae , yeasts , fungi and certain bacteria which can be cultivated on a large industrial-scale basis for the production of protein that can be used for either human or animal consumption .
these latter are the agglomerated , and [later] dried , cells of single-celled microorganisms like algae , yeasts , fungi and certain bacteria which can be cultivated on a large industrial-scale basis for the production of protein that can be used for either human or animal consumption .

It is now possible to clone the gene that controls Bt production and experiments have proved successful in introducing the gene into tobacco ( Nicotiana tabacum ) plants which subsequently develop resistance to the pest .
it is now possible to clone the gene that controls bt production and experiments have proved successful in introducing the gene into tobacco ( nicotiana tabacum ) plants which [later] develop resistance to the pest .

Subsequently , when the remedy is given to treat sick people , other symptoms that had not been brought out in the Proving are noted to be cured by the remedy and if this happens repeatedly then those symptoms are added to the picture of that remedy .
[later] , when the remedy is given to treat sick people , other symptoms that had not been brought out in the proving are noted to be cured by the remedy and if this happens repeatedly then those symptoms are added to the picture of that remedy .

It was subsequently supplanted by mass retailers in the form of department stores in large urban cities and by mail-order houses focused on smaller communities and rural markets .
it was [later] supplanted by mass retailers in the form of department stores in large urban cities and by mail-order houses focused on smaller communities and rural markets .

Egypt was reduced to a provincial status in the Empire , as it was ruled first from Rome and subsequently from Constantinople .
egypt was reduced to a provincial status in the empire , as it was ruled first from rome and [later] from constantinople .

This towering vessel , comprising 5,600 individual parts and subsequently gilded , was the work of the German silversmith Heinrich von Harff .
this towering vessel , comprising 5,600 individual parts and [later] gilded , was the work of the german silversmith heinrich von harff .

Construction on Hoover Dam ( originally Boulder Dam , subsequently renamed for the president who authorized the project ) began in 1931 in a canyon 45 miles ( 72 km ) southeast of Las Vegas .
construction on hoover dam ( originally boulder dam , [later] renamed for the president who authorized the project ) began in 1931 in a canyon 45 miles ( 72 km ) southeast of las vegas .

Exotic plants from every corner of the British Empire were subsequently brought here before being transplanted to other gardens on the island .
exotic plants from every corner of the british empire were [later] brought here before being transplanted to other gardens on the island .

As he carried her over the threshold , the house began to collapse and she fled , leaving him forever ; his business subsequently failed and he became a broken man .
as he carried her over the threshold , the house began to collapse and she fled , leaving him forever ; his business [later] failed and he became a broken man .

It was subsequently renovated in the 16th and 18th centuries .
it was [later] renovated in the 16th and 18th centuries .

Fires and hurricanes during the last century subsequently reduced its importance .
fires and hurricanes during the last century [later] reduced its importance .

This organization became more elaborate as the division of labor became more complicated , so the growing number of occupational groups were subsequently defined as jati ( subcastes ) , often living in separate villages .
this organization became more elaborate as the division of labor became more complicated , so the growing number of occupational groups were [later] defined as jati ( subcastes ) , often living in separate villages .

Margaret was a deeply pious woman who was subsequently canonized , and her youngest son , David I ( 1124–1153 ) , founded a church in her name on the highest point of the Castle Rock ( St. Margaret ’ s Chapel ) .
margaret was a deeply pious woman who was [later] canonized , and her youngest son , david i ( 1124–1153 ) , founded a church in her name on the highest point of the castle rock ( st. margaret ’ s chapel ) .

David ’ s sister Marjory had married Walter the Steward , and their son was the first of the long line of Stewart ( later spelled Stuart ) monarchs who would reign over Scotland — and , subsequently , Great Britain — until the “ Glorious Revolution ” of 1688 .
david ’ s sister marjory had married walter the steward , and their son was the first of the long line of stewart ( later spelled stuart ) monarchs who would reign over scotland — and , [later] , great britain — until the “ glorious revolution ” of 1688 .

When he died in 1624 , he bequeathed his fortune to the education and upkeep of orphans , and the school was subsequently built for this purpose .
when he died in 1624 , he bequeathed his fortune to the education and upkeep of orphans , and the school was [later] built for this purpose .

The site is a microcosm of Jerusalem ’ s history : the lowest level of the pool dates from Hasmonean times , the Romans subsequently built a pagan shrine here , the Byzantines built a large church to commemorate Jesus ’ s miracle , and the Crusaders constructed a chapel — all swept away over the centuries .
the site is a microcosm of jerusalem ’ s history : the lowest level of the pool dates from hasmonean times , the romans [later] built a pagan shrine here , the byzantines built a large church to commemorate jesus ’ s miracle , and the crusaders constructed a chapel — all swept away over the centuries .

With a research facility and library dedicated to promoting Nubian traditions such as dance and music , it also displays finds rescued from several archaeological sites that were subsequently flooded by the waters of Lake Nasser in the 1970s .
with a research facility and library dedicated to promoting nubian traditions such as dance and music , it also displays finds rescued from several archaeological sites that were [later] flooded by the waters of lake nasser in the 1970s .

Influenced in later life by the Catholic piety of Madame de Maintenon , his mistress and subsequently secret wife , Louis put an end to religious freedom for Protestants by revoking the Edict of Nantes .
influenced in later life by the catholic piety of madame de maintenon , his mistress and [later] secret wife , louis put an end to religious freedom for protestants by revoking the edict of nantes .

Subsequently , Ueno was turned into Tokyo ’ s first public park , endowed with all the preferred Western improvements : museums , concert halls , a library , a university of fine arts , and a zoo .
[later] , ueno was turned into tokyo ’ s first public park , endowed with all the preferred western improvements : museums , concert halls , a library , a university of fine arts , and a zoo .

Upon his death he was declared a god by the imperial court and subsequently known as Tosho Daigongen ( “ The Great Incarnation Who Illuminates the East ” ) .
upon his death he was declared a god by the imperial court and [later] known as tosho daigongen ( “ the great incarnation who illuminates the east ” ) .

Finally , in 1936 , a large section of the army under General Francisco Franco rose in revolt , claiming the support of the monarchists , conservatives , the Church , and the right-wing Falange par­ty , the fascist movement which had been founded in 1933 and which Franco subsequently declared to be the only legal party in Spain .
finally , in 1936 , a large section of the army under general francisco franco rose in revolt , claiming the support of the monarchists , conservatives , the church , and the right-wing falange par­ty , the fascist movement which had been founded in 1933 and which franco [later] declared to be the only legal party in spain .

Some are also upset by the eroticism of Parmigianino in his strange but undeniably graceful Madonna with the Long Neck ( 1534 ) — just look at those elongated fingers — a masterpiece of the sophisticated and subsequently decadent Mannerism that followed the High Renaissance .
some are also upset by the eroticism of parmigianino in his strange but undeniably graceful madonna with the long neck ( 1534 ) — just look at those elongated fingers — a masterpiece of the sophisticated and [later] decadent mannerism that followed the high renaissance .

Built for the Pisani doges in 1756 , with 200 rooms , Tiepolo frescoes in the ballroom , and vast park with pond , labyrinth , and stables , it was purchased by Napoleon in 1807 and subsequently hosted Tsars , Hapsburg emperors , and , for their first meeting in 1934 , Hitler and Mussolini .
built for the pisani doges in 1756 , with 200 rooms , tiepolo frescoes in the ballroom , and vast park with pond , labyrinth , and stables , it was purchased by napoleon in 1807 and [later] hosted tsars , hapsburg emperors , and , for their first meeting in 1934 , hitler and mussolini .

Stone throwing and petrol bombing were early weapons , but subsequently the Palestinian Fundamentalist movement Hamas took to other forms of anti-Jewish violence , such as the 1994 suicide bombing of a Tel Aviv bus which resulted in the death of 22 people .
stone throwing and petrol bombing were early weapons , but [later] the palestinian fundamentalist movement hamas took to other forms of anti-jewish violence , such as the 1994 suicide bombing of a tel aviv bus which resulted in the death of 22 people .

The royal apartments were set ablaze in the uprising of 1871 and were subsequently restored to become the home of the Council of State and more recently of the Ministry of Culture .
the royal apartments were set ablaze in the uprising of 1871 and were [later] restored to become the home of the council of state and more recently of the ministry of culture .

Look at the surprisingly fine carving of the bracket figures in the dancing hall , achieved by the craftsmen working with soft steatite soapstone which subsequently hardened to the texture of granite .
look at the surprisingly fine carving of the bracket figures in the dancing hall , achieved by the craftsmen working with soft steatite soapstone which [later] hardened to the texture of granite .

It has been subsequently converted by the Dutch to a Protestant church .
it has been [later] converted by the dutch to a protestant church .

Little wonder he subsequently named it Porto Santo ( Holy Port ) .
little wonder he [later] named it porto santo ( holy port ) .

He subsequently commissioned René Lalique to design all the decorative glass for his building , which was home to his haberdashery and penthouse suite .
he [later] commissioned rené lalique to design all the decorative glass for his building , which was home to his haberdashery and penthouse suite .

He opposed idolatry and the caste system ( which was subsequently too strong to resist ) .
he opposed idolatry and the caste system ( which was [later] too strong to resist ) .

Its pure waters were subsequently protected by Dutch fortifications .
its pure waters were [later] protected by dutch fortifications .

Much of St. David ’ s subsequently became a small piece of the US on British soil .
much of st. david ’ s [later] became a small piece of the us on british soil .

The Carthaginians , a people related to the Phoenicians , came from North Africa and subsequently took over much of southern Spain , beginning with Cádiz in 501 b.c .
the carthaginians , a people related to the phoenicians , came from north africa and [later] took over much of southern spain , beginning with cádiz in 501 b.c .

Princess ( and later saint ) Margit stayed on the island for the rest of her life ; it was subsequently named after her .
princess ( and later saint ) margit stayed on the island for the rest of her life ; it was [later] named after her .

Subsequently , he took a personal interest and began to relate their existence to pre-Hispanic civilizations that either lived , or visited , the island .
[later] , he took a personal interest and began to relate their existence to pre-hispanic civilizations that either lived , or visited , the island .

The gate was left isolated in no-man ’ s land when the Wall went up , and subsequently became the scene of quite ecstatic celebrations when it came down , though now you would scarcely believe it as Berliners cross nonchalantly from east to west through Brandenburg ’ s mighty central arch .
the gate was left isolated in no-man ’ s land when the wall went up , and [later] became the scene of quite ecstatic celebrations when it came down , though now you would scarcely believe it as berliners cross nonchalantly from east to west through brandenburg ’ s mighty central arch .

Monuments and museums show how the buffalo-hunting Métis , the descendants of Indians and French fur traders , struggled in vain against Anglo farmers from Ontario , themselves subsequently relayed by waves of Eastern European immigrants brought in to exploit the grain wealth of the prairies .
monuments and museums show how the buffalo-hunting métis , the descendants of indians and french fur traders , struggled in vain against anglo farmers from ontario , themselves [later] relayed by waves of eastern european immigrants brought in to exploit the grain wealth of the prairies .

Europeans did not arrive until the 14th century , when the Genoese sailor Lanzarotto Marcello colonized the island , known then in native tongue as Tytheroygatra and subsequently as Lanzarote .
europeans did not arrive until the 14th century , when the genoese sailor lanzarotto marcello colonized the island , known then in native tongue as tytheroygatra and [later] as lanzarote .

This insurrectionary zeal subsequently spread throughout the rest of Portugal and resulted in Olhão being awarded the title “ Noble Town of the Restoration . ”
this insurrectionary zeal [later] spread throughout the rest of portugal and resulted in olhão being awarded the title “ noble town of the restoration . ”

The beguiling town of Trinidad , the third of Diego Velázquez ’ s original seven settlements , subsequently became rich through the smuggling , slave , and sugar trades .
the beguiling town of trinidad , the third of diego velázquez ’ s original seven settlements , [later] became rich through the smuggling , slave , and sugar trades .

Subsequently , Sevilla became the capital of the Visigothic kingdom and then of a Moorish taifa , before falling to King Ferdinand III in 1248 .
[later] , sevilla became the capital of the visigothic kingdom and then of a moorish taifa , before falling to king ferdinand iii in 1248 .

Many of the materials were subsequently used on constructions in Sevilla and other towns .
many of the materials were [later] used on constructions in sevilla and other towns .

The Carthaginians , a North African people related to the Phoenicians , subsequently took over much of southern Spain , beginning with Cádiz in precisely 501 b.c .
the carthaginians , a north african people related to the phoenicians , [later] took over much of southern spain , beginning with cádiz in precisely 501 b.c .

Aided by British troops , who were subsequently commanded by the Duke of Wellington , the Spanish drove the French out of the Iberian Peninsula .
aided by british troops , who were [later] commanded by the duke of wellington , the spanish drove the french out of the iberian peninsula .

Spain ’ s admission to the United Nations in 1955 , followed by the advent of jet travel and package holidays in the 1960s , subsequently opened up the coast to mass tourism .
spain ’ s admission to the united nations in 1955 , followed by the advent of jet travel and package holidays in the 1960s , [later] opened up the coast to mass tourism .

Former staff attorneys Mary Henderson and Chris Hastedt subsequently began the Maine Equal Justice Project , which concentrates on lobbying and class actions .
former staff attorneys mary henderson and chris hastedt [later] began the maine equal justice project , which concentrates on lobbying and class actions .

Would reimbursement for screening and brief intervention increase screening and intervention , and subsequently , decrease morbidity and mortality ?
would reimbursement for screening and brief intervention increase screening and intervention , and [later] , decrease morbidity and mortality ?

Standard didactic educational programs have not been shown to change physician behavior and subsequently improve patient care.8 However , evidence indicates that skills-based interactive sessions can change practice.9,10 How do we measure success ?
standard didactic educational programs have not been shown to change physician behavior and [later] improve patient care.8 however , evidence indicates that skills-based interactive sessions can change practice.9,10 how do we measure success ?

The agencies subsequently used these expectations as the basis of senior executives ' performance appraisals .
the agencies [later] used these expectations as the basis of senior executives ' performance appraisals .

Subsequently , the Office of Management and Budget and OPM developed criteria that recognized the importance of creating a performance culture that appraises and rewards employees based on their contributions to organizational goals as a key dimension of effective human capital management .
[later] , the office of management and budget and opm developed criteria that recognized the importance of creating a performance culture that appraises and rewards employees based on their contributions to organizational goals as a key dimension of effective human capital management .

Subsequently , the senior executive set an expectation in his fiscal year 2002 individual performance plan to ensure that the field office has a strong recruitment program to attract viable candidates .
[later] , the senior executive set an expectation in his fiscal year 2002 individual performance plan to ensure that the field office has a strong recruitment program to attract viable candidates .

For example , users may accidentally disclose sensitive information to a large audience through electronic mail or introduce damaging viruses that are subsequently transmitted to the organizations entire network of computers .
for example , users may accidentally disclose sensitive information to a large audience through electronic mail or introduce damaging viruses that are [later] transmitted to the organizations entire network of computers .

If the fair value of the PP & E acquired is less than the fair value of the PP & E surrendered , the PP & E acquired is recognized at its cost and subsequently reduced to its fair value .
if the fair value of the pp & e acquired is less than the fair value of the pp & e surrendered , the pp & e acquired is recognized at its cost and [later] reduced to its fair value .

The Commission subsequently modified its proposal regarding resale in a Second Notice of Proposed Rulemaking ( Interconnection and Resale Obligations Pertaining to Commercial Mobile Radio Services , CC Docket No .
the commission [later] modified its proposal regarding resale in a second notice of proposed rulemaking ( interconnection and resale obligations pertaining to commercial mobile radio services , cc docket no .

Subsequently , on October 14 , 1994 , the rule for the Interim Detergent Program was published .
[later] , on october 14 , 1994 , the rule for the interim detergent program was published .

The Air Force subsequently increased the estimate to more than $ 19 billion in cost savings required to avoid cost increases .
the air force [later] increased the estimate to more than $ 19 billion in cost savings required to avoid cost increases .

EPA subsequently sent the information collection requirements to the Office of Management and Budget for approval under the Act .
epa [later] sent the information collection requirements to the office of management and budget for approval under the act .

Subsequently , GAO and HUD worked together to revise HUD 's analysis to show that , by using recaptured funds , HUD had sufficient funding to meet its needs .
[later] , gao and hud worked together to revise hud 's analysis to show that , by using recaptured funds , hud had sufficient funding to meet its needs .

An agency official has advised that HUD will subsequently issue final regulations .
an agency official has advised that hud will [later] issue final regulations .

For example , users may accidentally disclose sensitive information to a large audience through electronic mail or introduce damaging viruses that are subsequently transmitted to the organizations entire network of computers .
for example , users may accidentally disclose sensitive information to a large audience through electronic mail or introduce damaging viruses that are [later] transmitted to the organizations entire network of computers .

OMB originally denied all eight requests but subsequently approved two of the requests .
omb originally denied all eight requests but [later] approved two of the requests .

In other situations when it is not practical for the supervisor to approve T & A data promptly , the employee may be paid and the supervisor may subsequently review and approve the data .
in other situations when it is not practical for the supervisor to approve t & a data promptly , the employee may be paid and the supervisor may [later] review and approve the data .

We provided an opportunity for 28 federal departments , agencies , and entities ( subsequently referred to as agencies ) , including all of the agencies with presidentially appointed chief financial officers and the President 's Council on Integrity and Efficiency , to comment on a draft of the protocols .
we provided an opportunity for 28 federal departments , agencies , and entities ( [later] referred to as agencies ) , including all of the agencies with presidentially appointed chief financial officers and the president 's council on integrity and efficiency , to comment on a draft of the protocols .

Preface This document contains the protocols governing the U.S. General Accounting Office 's ( GAO ) work at federal departments , agencies , and entities ( subsequently referred to in this document as agencies ) .
preface this document contains the protocols governing the u.s. general accounting office 's ( gao ) work at federal departments , agencies , and entities ( [later] referred to in this document as agencies ) .

We subsequently interviewed 50 percent of the Federal CIO Council members as a means of comparing federal CIO practices with our case study results and ensuring that practices used in the industry and state organizations also addressed the challenges found in the federal government .
we [later] interviewed 50 percent of the federal cio council members as a means of comparing federal cio practices with our case study results and ensuring that practices used in the industry and state organizations also addressed the challenges found in the federal government .

The Committee subsequently extended its deadline until September 12 , 2001 .
the committee [later] extended its deadline until september 12 , 2001 .

The training was structured to allow participants to subsequently train colleagues who did not attend the sessions .
the training was structured to allow participants to [later] train colleagues who did not attend the sessions .

Among the other recommendations of the Joint Committee that have subsequently been implemented are the following :
among the other recommendations of the joint committee that have [later] been implemented are the following :

It follows logically that in the statistical analysis of the data , concentrations that had a significant toxic effect on one of the observed responses would not be subsequently tested for an effect on some other response .
it follows logically that in the statistical analysis of the data , concentrations that had a significant toxic effect on one of the observed responses would not be [later] tested for an effect on some other response .

It follows logically that in the statistical analysis of the data , concentrations that had a significant toxic effect on one of the observed responses would not be subsequently tested for an effect on some other response .
it follows logically that in the statistical analysis of the data , concentrations that had a significant toxic effect on one of the observed responses would not be [later] tested for an effect on some other response .

This test was subsequently used by Mount and associates in field demonstrations at Lima , Ohio ( USEPA , 1984 ) , and at many other locations ( USEPA , 1985c , USEPA , 1985d ; USEPA , 1985e ; USEPA , 1986a ; USEPA , 1986b ; USEPA , 1986c ; USEPA , 1986d ) .
this test was [later] used by mount and associates in field demonstrations at lima , ohio ( usepa , 1984 ) , and at many other locations ( usepa , 1985c , usepa , 1985d ; usepa , 1985e ; usepa , 1986a ; usepa , 1986b ; usepa , 1986c ; usepa , 1986d ) .

This test was subsequently used by Mount and associates in field demonstrations at Lima , OH ( USEPA , 1984 ) , and at many other locations .
this test was [later] used by mount and associates in field demonstrations at lima , oh ( usepa , 1984 ) , and at many other locations .

The current capacity was originally built overseas to meet overseas demand or was subsequently built to meet U.S. demand for catalyst spurred by the NOX SIP Call and the build up of gas turbine power plants in the U.S .
the current capacity was originally built overseas to meet overseas demand or was [later] built to meet u.s. demand for catalyst spurred by the nox sip call and the build up of gas turbine power plants in the u.s .

However , the SAB , supported by recent literature addressing this issue ( Rossi et al. , 1999 ; Schwartz , 2000 ) , subsequently advised EPA that there is currently no scientific basis for selecting a threshold of 15 : g/m3 or any other specific threshold for the PM-related health effects considered in this analysis ( EPA-SAB-Council-ADV-99-012 , 1999 ) .
however , the sab , supported by recent literature addressing this issue ( rossi et al. , 1999 ; schwartz , 2000 ) , [later] advised epa that there is currently no scientific basis for selecting a threshold of 15 : g/m3 or any other specific threshold for the pm-related health effects considered in this analysis ( epa-sab-council-adv-99-012 , 1999 ) .

For example , the Commission approved a two-year experiment of a program that enabled users of bulk , nonletter-size Business Reply Mail such as photofinishers that could reliably determine postage and fees due , to obtain earlier access to their mail at revised fees.15 The Commission subsequently granted a requested extension of the experiment,16 and ultimately approved a request to make the experimental program a permanent mail classification.17 More recently , in Docket No .
for example , the commission approved a two-year experiment of a program that enabled users of bulk , nonletter-size business reply mail such as photofinishers that could reliably determine postage and fees due , to obtain earlier access to their mail at revised fees.15 the commission [later] granted a requested extension of the experiment,16 and ultimately approved a request to make the experimental program a permanent mail classification.17 more recently , in docket no .

After visiting the Airman Flight School in Norman , Oklahoma ( where Zacarias Moussaoui would enroll several months later and where another al Qaeda operative , Ihab Ali , had taken lessons in the mid1990s ) , Atta started flight instruction at Huffman Aviation in Venice , Florida , and both Atta and Shehhi subsequently enrolled in the Accelerated Pilot Program at that school .
after visiting the airman flight school in norman , oklahoma ( where zacarias moussaoui would enroll several months later and where another al qaeda operative , ihab ali , had taken lessons in the mid1990s ) , atta started flight instruction at huffman aviation in venice , florida , and both atta and shehhi [later] enrolled in the accelerated pilot program at that school .

The repeater system was working at least partially , however , on portable FDNY radios , and firefighters subsequently used repeater channel 7 in the South Tower .
the repeater system was working at least partially , however , on portable fdny radios , and firefighters [later] used repeater channel 7 in the south tower .

A third ESU team subsequently entered the North Tower at its elevated mezzanine lobby level and made no effort to check in with the FDNY command post .
a third esu team [later] entered the north tower at its elevated mezzanine lobby level and made no effort to check in with the fdny command post .

The NYPD dispatcher conveyed this message on the radio frequency used in precincts in the vicinity of the WTC and subsequently on the Special Operations Division channel , but not on City Wide channel 1 .
the nypd dispatcher conveyed this message on the radio frequency used in precincts in the vicinity of the wtc and [later] on the special operations division channel , but not on city wide channel 1 .

He subsequently acted with a sense of urgency , and some firefighters heard the evacuation order for the first time when he repeated it on tactical 1 .
he [later] acted with a sense of urgency , and some firefighters heard the evacuation order for the first time when he repeated it on tactical 1 .

Several of these firefighters subsequently searched the PATH station below the concourse-unaware that the PAPD had cleared the area of all civilians by 9:19 .
several of these firefighters [later] searched the path station below the concourse-unaware that the papd had cleared the area of all civilians by 9:19 .

Subsequently , however , Binalshibh has sought , somewhat incredibly , to exculpate a host of individuals , including Moussaoui , from complicity in the 9/11 plot .
[later] , however , binalshibh has sought , somewhat incredibly , to exculpate a host of individuals , including moussaoui , from complicity in the 9/11 plot .

However , the repeater channel subsequently worked very well for FDNY personnel on the 78th floor and in an elevator on the 40th floor .
however , the repeater channel [later] worked very well for fdny personnel on the 78th floor and in an elevator on the 40th floor .

The Bureau subsequently learned about the flight .
the bureau [later] learned about the flight .

Two of the hijackers ( Satam al Suqami and Abdul Aziz al Omari ) presented passports manipulated in a fraudulent manner that has subsequently been associated with al Qaeda .
two of the hijackers ( satam al suqami and abdul aziz al omari ) presented passports manipulated in a fraudulent manner that has [later] been associated with al qaeda .

DCI Tenet subsequently told us that he decided that TTIC would have primary responsibility for terrorism analysis but that the CIA and the Defense Intelligence Agency would grow their own analysts .
dci tenet [later] told us that he decided that ttic would have primary responsibility for terrorism analysis but that the cia and the defense intelligence agency would grow their own analysts .

Some barriers were proposed by OIPR in the FISA applications and subsequently adopted by the FISC ; others , less formally recorded , were believed by the FBI to be equally applicable .
some barriers were proposed by oipr in the fisa applications and [later] adopted by the fisc ; others , less formally recorded , were believed by the fbi to be equally applicable .

Subsequently , President Truman agreed to the National Security Act of 1947 , which , among other things , established the Central Intelligence Agency , under the Director of Central Intelligence .
[later] , president truman agreed to the national security act of 1947 , which , among other things , established the central intelligence agency , under the director of central intelligence .

Though nothing proves that Bin Ladin ordered this attack , U.S. intelligence subsequently learned that al Qaeda leaders had decided a year earlier to attack a U.S. target in Saudi Arabia , and had shipped explosives to the peninsula for this purpose .
though nothing proves that bin ladin ordered this attack , u.s. intelligence [later] learned that al qaeda leaders had decided a year earlier to attack a u.s. target in saudi arabia , and had shipped explosives to the peninsula for this purpose .

He had provided guidance and training to extremists at the Farouq mosque in Brooklyn , including some who were subsequently convicted in the February 1993 attack on the World Trade Center .
he had provided guidance and training to extremists at the farouq mosque in brooklyn , including some who were [later] convicted in the february 1993 attack on the world trade center .

The Saudi government subsequently froze the proceeds of the sale .
the saudi government [later] froze the proceeds of the sale .

On the oath , see Intelligence report , interrogation of KSM , Nov. 13 , 2003 ( in which KSM also claims his reluctance stemmed from a concern that he would lose the ability to persevere with the 9/11 operation should Bin Ladin subsequently decide to cancel it ) .
on the oath , see intelligence report , interrogation of ksm , nov. 13 , 2003 ( in which ksm also claims his reluctance stemmed from a concern that he would lose the ability to persevere with the 9/11 operation should bin ladin [later] decide to cancel it ) .

KSM subsequently expressed uncertainty about why Bin Ladin and Atef excused Mihdhar from the training .
ksm [later] expressed uncertainty about why bin ladin and atef excused mihdhar from the training .

OFAC subsequently authorized the unfreezing of those accounts .
ofac [later] authorized the unfreezing of those accounts .

Subsequently Belger told us he does not believe the conversation occurred .
[later] belger told us he does not believe the conversation occurred .

If experiments subsequently support assignments of actual parameter values to the range of parameter space that produces such behavior , then the potential purpose becomes a likely one .
if experiments [later] support assignments of actual parameter values to the range of parameter space that produces such behavior , then the potential purpose becomes a likely one .

For example , in their analysis of bacterial chemotaxis , Leibler and colleagues ( Barkai and Leibler 1997 ) found a particular model to be extremely robust in the production of an important behavior ( exact signal adaptation ) , and subsequently showed that bacteria do indeed exhibit such robust adaptation ( Alon et al .
for example , in their analysis of bacterial chemotaxis , leibler and colleagues ( barkai and leibler 1997 ) found a particular model to be extremely robust in the production of an important behavior ( exact signal adaptation ) , and [later] showed that bacteria do indeed exhibit such robust adaptation ( alon et al .

This signal was subsequently shown to be IAA , the first known plant hormone .
this signal was [later] shown to be iaa , the first known plant hormone .

They explain how the similarities between living creatures can be understood in terms of evolution ( Chapter 3 ) and subsequently discuss evidence from the geographical distributions of living and fossil species ( Chapter 4 ) .
they explain how the similarities between living creatures can be understood in terms of evolution ( chapter 3 ) and [later] discuss evidence from the geographical distributions of living and fossil species ( chapter 4 ) .

Signalling Life and Sweet 16 Kenyon , professor of biochemistry and biophysics at the University of California at San Francisco , is among the key contributors responsible for showing that a single gene , and subsequently many genes , can change an organism 's lifespan .
signalling life and sweet 16 kenyon , professor of biochemistry and biophysics at the university of california at san francisco , is among the key contributors responsible for showing that a single gene , and [later] many genes , can change an organism 's lifespan .

Subsequently , it was shown that less than a quarter of the dose ( only 30 units/kg/mo ) produced an equivalent response [ 15 ] .
[later] , it was shown that less than a quarter of the dose ( only 30 units/kg/mo ) produced an equivalent response [ 15 ] .

Subsequently , studies from other parts of the world provided evidence about other indoor allergens , particularly cats , dogs , and the German cockroach [ 10,11 ] .
[later] , studies from other parts of the world provided evidence about other indoor allergens , particularly cats , dogs , and the german cockroach [ 10,11 ] .

Subsequently , the researchers tested to what extent the retained Trp53 copy behaved normally .
[later] , the researchers tested to what extent the retained trp53 copy behaved normally .

Subsequently , several studies have found higher mean homocysteine levels in patients with coronary , peripheral , and cerebral vascular disease , particularly in those with vascular disease not readily explained by conventional risk factors such as high low-density lipoprotein ( LDL ) cholesterol , diabetes , or smoking .
[later] , several studies have found higher mean homocysteine levels in patients with coronary , peripheral , and cerebral vascular disease , particularly in those with vascular disease not readily explained by conventional risk factors such as high low-density lipoprotein ( ldl ) cholesterol , diabetes , or smoking .

Image Reconstruction Utilizing semiautomated feature extraction to identify lymph nodes and image analysis ( based on T2* and pixel variance ) , we subsequently proceeded to map individual lymph nodes onto vascular anatomy in the different anatomic drainage patterns .
image reconstruction utilizing semiautomated feature extraction to identify lymph nodes and image analysis ( based on t2* and pixel variance ) , we [later] proceeded to map individual lymph nodes onto vascular anatomy in the different anatomic drainage patterns .

However , the magnitude of HIV-1-specific CD8+ T cell responses at the beginning of the first ( r = 0.01 , p = 0.76 ) , second ( r = 0.16 , p = 0.54 ) , or third ( r = 0.1 , p = 0.55 ) treatment interruptions was not predictive of the time the study participants were subsequently able to stay off therapy according to study criteria .
however , the magnitude of hiv-1-specific cd8+ t cell responses at the beginning of the first ( r = 0.01 , p = 0.76 ) , second ( r = 0.16 , p = 0.54 ) , or third ( r = 0.1 , p = 0.55 ) treatment interruptions was not predictive of the time the study participants were [later] able to stay off therapy according to study criteria .

Similar to CD8+ T cell responses , the magnitude of HIV-1-specific CD4+ T helper cell responses at the beginning of the first ( r = 0.05 , p = 0.43 ) ( Figure 3F ) , second ( r = 0.16 , p = 0.54 ) , or third ( r = 0.1 , p = 0.55 ) treatment interruption was not statistically predictive of the time the study participants were subsequently able to stay off therapy according to study criteria .
similar to cd8+ t cell responses , the magnitude of hiv-1-specific cd4+ t helper cell responses at the beginning of the first ( r = 0.05 , p = 0.43 ) ( figure 3f ) , second ( r = 0.16 , p = 0.54 ) , or third ( r = 0.1 , p = 0.55 ) treatment interruption was not statistically predictive of the time the study participants were [later] able to stay off therapy according to study criteria .

PTGS was subsequently shown in 1997 to protect plants naturally from virus infection ( Covey et al .
ptgs was [later] shown in 1997 to protect plants naturally from virus infection ( covey et al .

These early observations formed the basis of the classical terminology of red and white muscle fibers , which was subsequently found to be related to myoglobin ( an iron-containing oxygen-transport protein in the red cells of the blood ) content ( Needham 1926 ) .
these early observations formed the basis of the classical terminology of red and white muscle fibers , which was [later] found to be related to myoglobin ( an iron-containing oxygen-transport protein in the red cells of the blood ) content ( needham 1926 ) .

Subsequently , a partially automated fluid delivery system was developed .
[later] , a partially automated fluid delivery system was developed .

Subsequently , we will address concerns about the long-term economic viability of the open-access model , the integrity and quality of work published in open-access journals , and the effect that open access will have on scholarly societies .
[later] , we will address concerns about the long-term economic viability of the open-access model , the integrity and quality of work published in open-access journals , and the effect that open access will have on scholarly societies .

The human homolog of resistin has subsequently been under intense investigation , but initial studies revealed more differences than similarities between the human and rodent proteins : human resistin is mostly expressed in macrophages , not in adipocytes , and its serum levels do not correlate as clearly with obesity , insulin resistance , or diabetes .
the human homolog of resistin has [later] been under intense investigation , but initial studies revealed more differences than similarities between the human and rodent proteins : human resistin is mostly expressed in macrophages , not in adipocytes , and its serum levels do not correlate as clearly with obesity , insulin resistance , or diabetes .

Subsequently , the feeder was attached to a weather balloon , and slowly lifted to an altitude of 90 m—so that the distance between the hive and the food now increased from 70 m to 114 m. Correspondingly , foragers should have indicated a longer distance , by stretching their waggle run duration .
[later] , the feeder was attached to a weather balloon , and slowly lifted to an altitude of 90 m—so that the distance between the hive and the food now increased from 70 m to 114 m. correspondingly , foragers should have indicated a longer distance , by stretching their waggle run duration .

The UCSD–NIDCR team subsequently showed that the T1R2 and T1R3 heterodimer ( a complex of one T1R2 and one T1R3 molecule ) forms a broadly tuned sweet receptor , responsive to natural sugars and artificial sweeteners , and that a homodimer of two T1R3 molecules forms a low-affinity sugar receptor that responds to high concentrations of natural sugars only .
the ucsd–nidcr team [later] showed that the t1r2 and t1r3 heterodimer ( a complex of one t1r2 and one t1r3 molecule ) forms a broadly tuned sweet receptor , responsive to natural sugars and artificial sweeteners , and that a homodimer of two t1r3 molecules forms a low-affinity sugar receptor that responds to high concentrations of natural sugars only .

William Pao and colleagues examined tumors from six patients with non-small cell lung cancer who initially responded to gefitinib or erlotinib but subsequently relapsed .
william pao and colleagues examined tumors from six patients with non-small cell lung cancer who initially responded to gefitinib or erlotinib but [later] relapsed .

Subsequently , in 1965 , the Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) developed the Teratology Guidelines .
[later] , in 1965 , the food and drug administration ( fda ) developed the teratology guidelines .

This neglect subsequently intensified during the 1970s , 1980s , and 1990s with the omission of hookworm from the list of diseases covered by the World Health Organization 's Special Programme for Research and Training in Tropical Hookworm has proven to be extremely difficult to eliminate or eradicate in areas of poverty and poor sanitation .
this neglect [later] intensified during the 1970s , 1980s , and 1990s with the omission of hookworm from the list of diseases covered by the world health organization 's special programme for research and training in tropical hookworm has proven to be extremely difficult to eliminate or eradicate in areas of poverty and poor sanitation .

To determine whether lung cancers that acquire clinical resistance to either gefitinib or erlotinib display additional mutations in the EGFR kinase domain , we have examined the status of EGFR exons 18 to 24 in tumors from five patients who initially responded but subsequently progressed while on these drugs .
to determine whether lung cancers that acquire clinical resistance to either gefitinib or erlotinib display additional mutations in the egfr kinase domain , we have examined the status of egfr exons 18 to 24 in tumors from five patients who initially responded but [later] progressed while on these drugs .

Subsequently , the patient underwent a computed tomography ( CT ) –guided biopsy of an area in the right lung base ( Figure 1A , left panel ) .
[later] , the patient underwent a computed tomography ( ct ) –guided biopsy of an area in the right lung base ( figure 1a , left panel ) .

Subsequently , the patient underwent surgical resection .
[later] , the patient underwent surgical resection .

In three additional patients ( case histories not described here ) with lung adenocarcinomas who improved but subsequently progressed on therapy with either gefitinib or erlotinib , we examined DNA from tumor specimens obtained during disease progression .
in three additional patients ( case histories not described here ) with lung adenocarcinomas who improved but [later] progressed on therapy with either gefitinib or erlotinib , we examined dna from tumor specimens obtained during disease progression .

In either scenario , treatment with gefitinib or erlotinib subsequently allows these resistant subclones to become apparent , because most cells bearing sensitivity-conferring mutations die , while cells with the T790M mutation persist .
in either scenario , treatment with gefitinib or erlotinib [later] allows these resistant subclones to become apparent , because most cells bearing sensitivity-conferring mutations die , while cells with the t790m mutation persist .

Subsequently , recombinant vaccines used vaccinia vectors carrying different combinations of structural Lassa proteins .
[later] , recombinant vaccines used vaccinia vectors carrying different combinations of structural lassa proteins .

Having the funds to purchase modern equipment abroad is only the first hurdle ; the many conflicting rules and restrictions , inefficiency , and corruption within the system can subsequently hold up the process .
having the funds to purchase modern equipment abroad is only the first hurdle ; the many conflicting rules and restrictions , inefficiency , and corruption within the system can [later] hold up the process .

Our data show an increase in statin use from 2 % of moderate-risk patient visits in 1992 to 14 % in 1999 , but without continued growth subsequently .
our data show an increase in statin use from 2 % of moderate-risk patient visits in 1992 to 14 % in 1999 , but without continued growth [later] .

The country which the Lord subsequently gave to Esau was hence called the country of Edom and his descendants were called Edomites .
the country which the lord [later] gave to esau was hence called the country of edom and his descendants were called edomites .

He subsequently mentioned `` a book about Dean Acheson . ''
he [later] mentioned `` a book about dean acheson . ''

It 's as if the Lewinsky business was such a big , greasy , nauseating chunk of scandal to swallow that the politicians and chattering classes subsequently lost their appetite for the stuff , at least temporarily .
it 's as if the lewinsky business was such a big , greasy , nauseating chunk of scandal to swallow that the politicians and chattering classes [later] lost their appetite for the stuff , at least temporarily .

The names included Odets , who subsequently named names himself , and several actors since forgotten , in part , perhaps , because they were blacklisted .
the names included odets , who [later] named names himself , and several actors since forgotten , in part , perhaps , because they were blacklisted .

He subsequently offered to sell it to me for $ 16,000 .
he [later] offered to sell it to me for $ 16,000 .

Nixon never entertains the possibility that Felt would do precisely what Limpert and Mann ( and , subsequently , Nixon himself ) believed Felt to have done : be an informer , but a secret informer , exacting the promise not of lifetime employment but of lifetime confidentiality that he was indeed Woodward 's source .
nixon never entertains the possibility that felt would do precisely what limpert and mann ( and , [later] , nixon himself ) believed felt to have done : be an informer , but a secret informer , exacting the promise not of lifetime employment but of lifetime confidentiality that he was indeed woodward 's source .

This may well be , but Internet Explorer is very likely on his computer , and he certainly paid for it even if he subsequently removed it .
this may well be , but internet explorer is very likely on his computer , and he certainly paid for it even if he [later] removed it .

Many journalists were seduced by Clinton in 1992 , and subsequently felt personally betrayed .
many journalists were seduced by clinton in 1992 , and [later] felt personally betrayed .

Like several previous leaks ( some of them subsequently cast into doubt ) , the Currie story contained what looked a lot like a message from Starr to his reluctant witness : I have other evidence against you and Clinton , so you 'd better cut a deal quick .
like several previous leaks ( some of them [later] cast into doubt ) , the currie story contained what looked a lot like a message from starr to his reluctant witness : i have other evidence against you and clinton , so you 'd better cut a deal quick .

He subsequently opposed the 1996 budget agreement and called on Gingrich to step aside during his ethics trouble .
he [later] opposed the 1996 budget agreement and called on gingrich to step aside during his ethics trouble .

He said that in Iraq , where the United States fired more than 860,000 DU rounds during the 1991 Gulf War , doctors subsequently found `` an exponential increase in child cancers and deformities '' among families living close to the targets .
he said that in iraq , where the united states fired more than 860,000 du rounds during the 1991 gulf war , doctors [later] found `` an exponential increase in child cancers and deformities '' among families living close to the targets .

In the Sunday Telegraph , interviewer Helena de Bertodano said that her first meeting with Brown had been `` tense '' because a `` PR magnate , an elderly man with a cut-glass English accent '' had insisted on sitting in on their conversation but that Brown subsequently arranged a one-on-one meeting for the next day .
in the sunday telegraph , interviewer helena de bertodano said that her first meeting with brown had been `` tense '' because a `` pr magnate , an elderly man with a cut-glass english accent '' had insisted on sitting in on their conversation but that brown [later] arranged a one-on-one meeting for the next day .

Andreotti said Qaddafi had once given him a copy of his Green Book and asked him to hand it on to President Reagan , which he subsequently did .
andreotti said qaddafi had once given him a copy of his green book and asked him to hand it on to president reagan , which he [later] did .

Its stock subsequently jumped to an all-time peak .
its stock [later] jumped to an all-time peak .

In defending his decision to publish the work ( which St. Martin 's subsequently dropped ) , Dunne made it clear that he considered it absurd for people to expect him to judge the author 's reliability .
in defending his decision to publish the work ( which st. martin 's [later] dropped ) , dunne made it clear that he considered it absurd for people to expect him to judge the author 's reliability .

She subsequently filed suit claiming that she owned the photos , and they were temporarily taken off the Web site .
she [later] filed suit claiming that she owned the photos , and they were temporarily taken off the web site .

It does not report if Clinton subsequently began to hang `` Do Not Disturb '' signs on White House doorknobs .
it does not report if clinton [later] began to hang `` do not disturb '' signs on white house doorknobs .

There were obvious avenues for a similar attack on Wright : her student-teacher relationship with Clinton in law school and her previous ruling -- subsequently overturned -- that Clinton could n't be sued until he left office .
there were obvious avenues for a similar attack on wright : her student-teacher relationship with clinton in law school and her previous ruling -- [later] overturned -- that clinton could n't be sued until he left office .

When I subsequently encountered Dukakis , it seemed highly unlikely that he could be Cahn 's ( or many other folks ' ) kind of guy -- and , of course , he was n't particularly .
when i [later] encountered dukakis , it seemed highly unlikely that he could be cahn 's ( or many other folks ' ) kind of guy -- and , of course , he was n't particularly .

The charges concern an alleged deal to appoint an attorney general who would go soft on a Netanyahu ally ( the nominee subsequently quit ) .
the charges concern an alleged deal to appoint an attorney general who would go soft on a netanyahu ally ( the nominee [later] quit ) .

The charges concern an alleged deal to appoint an attorney general who would go soft on a Netanyahu ally ( the nominee subsequently quit ) .
the charges concern an alleged deal to appoint an attorney general who would go soft on a netanyahu ally ( the nominee [later] quit ) .

The New York Times , after initially covering the L.A. Times story quite aggressively , subsequently had to admit that in 1995 the Boston Globe , which it owned then and continues to own , ran a special section on its new downtown sports arena , the Fleet Center , which relied on ads procured by ... the Fleet Center .
the new york times , after initially covering the l.a. times story quite aggressively , [later] had to admit that in 1995 the boston globe , which it owned then and continues to own , ran a special section on its new downtown sports arena , the fleet center , which relied on ads procured by ... the fleet center .

Horton 's story was subsequently offered up by Vice President George Bush 's campaign as evidence of Dukakis ' softness on crime , and -- less directly -- of the Democratic party 's excessive fondness for black people .
horton 's story was [later] offered up by vice president george bush 's campaign as evidence of dukakis ' softness on crime , and -- less directly -- of the democratic party 's excessive fondness for black people .

Nixon himself wrote an article on the subject in Foreign Affairs in 1967 laying out the case for what he subsequently did .
nixon himself wrote an article on the subject in foreign affairs in 1967 laying out the case for what he [later] did .

As was reported somewhat tentatively on Sept. 25 in Salon and subsequently confirmed elsewhere , the story almost certainly is n't true .
as was reported somewhat tentatively on sept. 25 in salon and [later] confirmed elsewhere , the story almost certainly is n't true .

Gargan , who encouraged Perot to enter the presidential race back in 1992 and subsequently fell out with him , defeated Perot 's candidate , Pat Benjamin , to replace Verney as party chairperson .
gargan , who encouraged perot to enter the presidential race back in 1992 and [later] fell out with him , defeated perot 's candidate , pat benjamin , to replace verney as party chairperson .

Having started out neutral , Ecevit had subsequently decided that Turkey 's best interests in dealing with the Kurdish threat from northern Iraq would be better served by closer collaboration with the administration in Baghdad .
having started out neutral , ecevit had [later] decided that turkey 's best interests in dealing with the kurdish threat from northern iraq would be better served by closer collaboration with the administration in baghdad .

The lifting by the United States of some of its anti-Cuba restrictions was reported briefly by Granma on an inside page and was the subject of no editorial comment either then or subsequently .
the lifting by the united states of some of its anti-cuba restrictions was reported briefly by granma on an inside page and was the subject of no editorial comment either then or [later] .

The NYT health care lead states that the same business and insurance lobbyists who teamed up to help kill health care reform in 1994 are mobilizing to block the more modest , piecemeal federal quality-of-care proposals -- like mandated-length hospital stays for certain procedures and government standards for health plans -- that the Clinton administration has subsequently endorsed .
the nyt health care lead states that the same business and insurance lobbyists who teamed up to help kill health care reform in 1994 are mobilizing to block the more modest , piecemeal federal quality-of-care proposals -- like mandated-length hospital stays for certain procedures and government standards for health plans -- that the clinton administration has [later] endorsed .

The superpowers subsequently entered a brief era of eased tensions , installing the famous Kremlin-White House hot line and signing a nuclear test ban treaty. ``
the superpowers [later] entered a brief era of eased tensions , installing the famous kremlin-white house hot line and signing a nuclear test ban treaty. ``

If so , why has the church subsequently apologized for its cozying up to Hitler ? )
if so , why has the church [later] apologized for its cozying up to hitler ? )

Stuck on a set in New Jersey , blathering soundbites about things I know nothing about , watched by a couple of thousand people , morphing into all those GenX punditclones , who have subsequently , mercifully , disappeared into the ether .
stuck on a set in new jersey , blathering soundbites about things i know nothing about , watched by a couple of thousand people , morphing into all those genx punditclones , who have [later] , mercifully , disappeared into the ether .

In an autobiography , Kirk Douglas -- who worked with the director on Spartacus and Paths of Glory -- remembered a nasty , credit-hogging character , less noble and more commercially ambitious than he has subsequently been depicted .
in an autobiography , kirk douglas -- who worked with the director on spartacus and paths of glory -- remembered a nasty , credit-hogging character , less noble and more commercially ambitious than he has [later] been depicted .

Director Jean-Jacques Annaud subsequently made a few changes .
director jean-jacques annaud [later] made a few changes .

What 's more , after later discovering an unfamiliar set of keys in my pocket , I subsequently realized that apparently , while stumbling around in a stupor after shutting off the alarm clock , I 'd put on my girlfriend 's pants by mistake .
what 's more , after later discovering an unfamiliar set of keys in my pocket , i [later] realized that apparently , while stumbling around in a stupor after shutting off the alarm clock , i 'd put on my girlfriend 's pants by mistake .

In the fourth , they were given another logical-reasoning test , but this time some of those tested were subsequently given about 10 minutes ' worth of training in logical reasoning and then asked to re-estimate how well they 'd done on the test .
in the fourth , they were given another logical-reasoning test , but this time some of those tested were [later] given about 10 minutes ' worth of training in logical reasoning and then asked to re-estimate how well they 'd done on the test .

Others who have signed up for PK have subsequently turned up on Republican mailing lists .
others who have signed up for pk have [later] turned up on republican mailing lists .

Although Bell did not coin the term `` post-industrial , '' it was his book that launched it into the popular lexicon , where it was subsequently banalized by untold mindless repetitions .
although bell did not coin the term `` post-industrial , '' it was his book that launched it into the popular lexicon , where it was [later] banalized by untold mindless repetitions .

The sculptures were bought in 1803 from the then-Turkish authorities in Athens by the British aristocrat Lord Elgin , who subsequently donated them to the British Museum .
the sculptures were bought in 1803 from the then-turkish authorities in athens by the british aristocrat lord elgin , who [later] donated them to the british museum .

In another British liberal paper , the Independent , France was condemned for its initial refusal , subsequently reversed , to accept any refugees , with reference to the `` similar attitude struck during the Bosnian war , '' and Germany was attacked for `` drastically reducing the numbers it had been expected to take . ''
in another british liberal paper , the independent , france was condemned for its initial refusal , [later] reversed , to accept any refugees , with reference to the `` similar attitude struck during the bosnian war , '' and germany was attacked for `` drastically reducing the numbers it had been expected to take . ''

We only find out subsequently that Sunraider is Bliss and that `` Why hast Thou forsaken me '' was his opening line at Hickman 's revival service , when he would rise , Christ-like , from a coffin .
we only find out [later] that sunraider is bliss and that `` why hast thou forsaken me '' was his opening line at hickman 's revival service , when he would rise , christ-like , from a coffin .

As a grown-up , he drives through the northern English countryside beside a frostily pissed-off blond wife , whom he subsequently takes from behind in the kitchen of their country cottage while his young son , clutching a stuffed animal , wanders their way .
as a grown-up , he drives through the northern english countryside beside a frostily pissed-off blond wife , whom he [later] takes from behind in the kitchen of their country cottage while his young son , clutching a stuffed animal , wanders their way .

The `` rate of return '' on Social Security is calculated by imagining that each of a person 's payments into the system over the decades is deposited in an account , from which payments from the system are subsequently withdrawn .
the `` rate of return '' on social security is calculated by imagining that each of a person 's payments into the system over the decades is deposited in an account , from which payments from the system are [later] withdrawn .

What was best about the undergraduate education I subsequently got at Yale was what was done in imitation of Chicago -- a freshman year Great Books program , structured around discussion in small seminars .
what was best about the undergraduate education i [later] got at yale was what was done in imitation of chicago -- a freshman year great books program , structured around discussion in small seminars .

He wrote that the crown prince , the effective ruler of Saudi Arabia , could have met secretly with Israeli officials , as Clinton asked , and struck deals with them behind closed doors , subsequently to denounce Israel in the strongest terms , as many Arab leaders did .
he wrote that the crown prince , the effective ruler of saudi arabia , could have met secretly with israeli officials , as clinton asked , and struck deals with them behind closed doors , [later] to denounce israel in the strongest terms , as many arab leaders did .

Streep plays the role of Susan Traherne , a woman who works undercover in France during World War II and subsequently finds herself unable to cope with postwar British life .
streep plays the role of susan traherne , a woman who works undercover in france during world war ii and [later] finds herself unable to cope with postwar british life .

Subsequently , she had withdrawn the project and we parted company , a common occurrence in the publishing business .
[later] , she had withdrawn the project and we parted company , a common occurrence in the publishing business .

The satellite 's owner , a Manhattan aerospace firm called Loral , subsequently helped Chinese scientists figure out what went wrong .
the satellite 's owner , a manhattan aerospace firm called loral , [later] helped chinese scientists figure out what went wrong .

Bush and Clinton allowed launches by the Hughes Electronics Corp. , an aerospace firm also subsequently accused of giving secrets to the Chinese , which backed Bush in the 1992 campaign .
bush and clinton allowed launches by the hughes electronics corp. , an aerospace firm also [later] accused of giving secrets to the chinese , which backed bush in the 1992 campaign .

They let others tease out the implications of their story for them , connecting the dots among Scaife , Starr , and Hale : The billionaire endowed a position for Starr at Pepperdine University ( which Starr has subsequently declined ) and then bankrolled Hale , Starr 's chief witness .
they let others tease out the implications of their story for them , connecting the dots among scaife , starr , and hale : the billionaire endowed a position for starr at pepperdine university ( which starr has [later] declined ) and then bankrolled hale , starr 's chief witness .

This former soldier subsequently explained that he had blocked the memory until it suddenly resurfaced during his interview with the reporter from CNN ( a little detail both Time and CNN failed to note in their respective reports ) .
this former soldier [later] explained that he had blocked the memory until it suddenly resurfaced during his interview with the reporter from cnn ( a little detail both time and cnn failed to note in their respective reports ) .

As a bonus , those quoted seem to be endorsing the thesis , though that does n't logically follow ( and several of those quoted have subsequently denied it ) .
as a bonus , those quoted seem to be endorsing the thesis , though that does n't logically follow ( and several of those quoted have [later] denied it ) .

The Post subsequently covered it in much greater detail as a press story about how Matt Drudge , who publishes an Internet tip sheet , scooped Newsweek by reporting what the magazine was about to report .
the post [later] covered it in much greater detail as a press story about how matt drudge , who publishes an internet tip sheet , scooped newsweek by reporting what the magazine was about to report .

The Democratic Party did accept , and subsequently return , an apparently illegal contribution in a separate instance , from a South Korean businessman who lacked a green card .
the democratic party did accept , and [later] return , an apparently illegal contribution in a separate instance , from a south korean businessman who lacked a green card .

The interesting point that emerged subsequently was that the conservative Safire was n't just using the Watergate comparison to bash Democrats .
the interesting point that emerged [later] was that the conservative safire was n't just using the watergate comparison to bash democrats .

He subsequently wins the election after staging a fake assassination attempt .
he [later] wins the election after staging a fake assassination attempt .

Nor did 60 Minutes explain that the $ 11-million judgment Johnson won against the IRS -- subsequently reversed on appeal -- was based on the IRS 's disclosure of confidential information without such a waiver .
nor did 60 minutes explain that the $ 11-million judgment johnson won against the irs -- [later] reversed on appeal -- was based on the irs 's disclosure of confidential information without such a waiver .

The New York Times reported that this decision overrode State 's wishes and benefited , among others , the Chinese government official who subsequently funneled large contributions to the Democratic Party .
the new york times reported that this decision overrode state 's wishes and benefited , among others , the chinese government official who [later] funneled large contributions to the democratic party .

`` a competent Creator does not create things he immediately or subsequently needs to set aright , '' observes Smith .
`` a competent creator does not create things he immediately or [later] needs to set aright , '' observes smith .

Subsequently she told them she and Clinton had not had `` an improper relationship . ''
[later] she told them she and clinton had not had `` an improper relationship . ''

The WP 's Howard Kurtz reports that a forthcoming book on Al Gore says that after he had three daughters , he became a devotee of the book `` How to Choose the Sex of Your Baby , '' and subsequently fathered a son after following the book 's dictates , which included drinking strong caffeinated coffee before sex .
the wp 's howard kurtz reports that a forthcoming book on al gore says that after he had three daughters , he became a devotee of the book `` how to choose the sex of your baby , '' and [later] fathered a son after following the book 's dictates , which included drinking strong caffeinated coffee before sex .

The interview will be videotaped and subsequently presented as evidence in Starr 's grand jury hearing .
the interview will be videotaped and [later] presented as evidence in starr 's grand jury hearing .

Both Balboa and Córdoba were deputies of the Spanish governor in Panama , Pedro Arias Da\ ? \ila , who subsequently executed them .
both balboa and córdoba were deputies of the spanish governor in panama , pedro arias da\ ? \ila , who [later] executed them .

In order to avoid confusion , Frito-Lay subsequently changed the name to Crisp ' N Thin Corn Chips .
in order to avoid confusion , frito-lay [later] changed the name to crisp ' n thin corn chips .

A colleague subsequently discovered a 1976 example .
a colleague [later] discovered a 1976 example .

Those that are on the ropes for this revision , include fuck-plug a contraceptive diaphragm , with a single example from a college student in 1984 , a term not subsequently found despite wide questioning and extensive database searching ; fuck 5.b .
those that are on the ropes for this revision , include fuck-plug a contraceptive diaphragm , with a single example from a college student in 1984 , a term not [later] found despite wide questioning and extensive database searching ; fuck 5.b .

Subsequently , the clay bits were replaced by marks ( even as we make them today : \ ? \ ) with a picture of what was being counted ( pots or sheaves of grain ) incised alongside the count .
[later] , the clay bits were replaced by marks ( even as we make them today : \ ? \ ) with a picture of what was being counted ( pots or sheaves of grain ) incised alongside the count .

It subsequently developed that he was too busy to take on the burdens of the chairmanship of the conference but suggested McDavid , whom I knew , as I had engaged him in the early 1960s as a consultant to the Random House Dictionary .
it [later] developed that he was too busy to take on the burdens of the chairmanship of the conference but suggested mcdavid , whom i knew , as i had engaged him in the early 1960s as a consultant to the random house dictionary .

