Suggest the following twenty-first-century amendment : By moving the term `` Republic '' to lower case , substituting the modern phrase , `` move ahead '' for the stodgy `` keep '' , and by using the Postmaster's name on every envelope ( in caps , of course , with the `` in spite '' as faded as possible ) , the slogan cannot fail .
suggest the following twenty-first-century amendment : by moving the term `` republic '' to lower case , [using instead of] the modern phrase , `` move ahead '' for the stodgy `` keep '' , and by using the postmaster's name on every envelope ( in caps , of course , with the `` in spite '' as faded as possible ) , the slogan cannot fail .

With these aids , and a pair of skiis substituting for wheels on the Waco , Bob Fogg made the first landing on what is now part of the Barre-Montpelier Airport on November 21 , 1927 .
with these aids , and a pair of skiis [using instead of] for wheels on the waco , bob fogg made the first landing on what is now part of the barre-montpelier airport on november 21 , 1927 .

it was Baker who thought of lessening the shock , which conscription always brings to a country , by substituting `` Greetings from your neighbors '' for the recruiting sergeant , and registration in familiar voting places rather than at military installations .
it was baker who thought of lessening the shock , which conscription always brings to a country , by [using instead of] `` greetings from your neighbors '' for the recruiting sergeant , and registration in familiar voting places rather than at military installations .

`` Here , this will help '' , suggested Helva , substituting a magnifying device in one extension and holding it over the picture .
`` here , this will help '' , suggested helva , [using instead of] a magnifying device in one extension and holding it over the picture .

In many cases giving up could lead to substituting one addiction for another more damaging addiction — for instance resorting to drugs to appease a craving for alcohol , cigarettes or sugar .
in many cases giving up could lead to [using instead of] one addiction for another more damaging addiction — for instance resorting to drugs to appease a craving for alcohol , cigarettes or sugar .

The Sun Goeth Down , Mary 's great aria , never felt comfortable , hindered as it was by a disappointing violin solo from Andrew Martin , substituting after the interval for an indisposed Edwin Paling .
the sun goeth down , mary 's great aria , never felt comfortable , hindered as it was by a disappointing violin solo from andrew martin , [using instead of] after the interval for an indisposed edwin paling .

Indeed , he claims that they work too hard , substituting their career for a child and are more likely to become alcoholics or take drugs .
indeed , he claims that they work too hard , [using instead of] their career for a child and are more likely to become alcoholics or take drugs .

She walked towards her office , plenty to do there which might take her mind off these worries by substituting others .
she walked towards her office , plenty to do there which might take her mind off these worries by [using instead of] others .

Indeed , he claims that they work too hard , substituting their career for a child and are more likely to become alcoholics or take drugs .
indeed , he claims that they work too hard , [using instead of] their career for a child and are more likely to become alcoholics or take drugs .

In the last chapter it was explained that some of the world 's languages are ‘ tone languages ’ , in which substituting one distinctive tone for another on a particular word or morpheme can cause a change in the dictionary ( ‘ lexical ’ ) meaning of that word or morpheme , or in some aspect of its grammatical categorisation .
in the last chapter it was explained that some of the world 's languages are ‘ tone languages ’ , in which [using instead of] one distinctive tone for another on a particular word or morpheme can cause a change in the dictionary ( ‘ lexical ’ ) meaning of that word or morpheme , or in some aspect of its grammatical categorisation .

Substituting the figures from our example , we have :
[using instead of] the figures from our example , we have :

Substituting [ 2 ] — [ 7 ] into [ 1 ] , we have
[using instead of] [ 2 ] — [ 7 ] into [ 1 ] , we have

The condition is conveniently expressed by where Taking the square root of both sides of equation ( 9.50 ) , the quadratic equation is obtained which has roots or , since only positive pulsatances have physical meaning Substituting for k from equation ( 9.48 ) , these pulsatances are and imposing condition ( 9.51 ) establishes that the pulsatance range corresponding to is In this range of pulsatance , the attenuation constant is zero , but from equation ( 9.15 ) there is a phase shift per section given by In the range which corresponds to pulsatances satisfying and , where and are the critical pulsatances defined in condition ( 9.52 ) , the phase shift is but there is attenuation characterised by an attenuation constant α where Perhaps surprisingly , condition ( 9.52 ) yields the simple relationship
the condition is conveniently expressed by where taking the square root of both sides of equation ( 9.50 ) , the quadratic equation is obtained which has roots or , since only positive pulsatances have physical meaning [using instead of] for k from equation ( 9.48 ) , these pulsatances are and imposing condition ( 9.51 ) establishes that the pulsatance range corresponding to is in this range of pulsatance , the attenuation constant is zero , but from equation ( 9.15 ) there is a phase shift per section given by in the range which corresponds to pulsatances satisfying and , where and are the critical pulsatances defined in condition ( 9.52 ) , the phase shift is but there is attenuation characterised by an attenuation constant α where perhaps surprisingly , condition ( 9.52 ) yields the simple relationship

Applying Kirchhoff 's voltage and current laws respectively to the input and output circuits of figure 10.6 ( b ) yields However , and so from equation ( 10.18 ) the small-signal current gain between input and output is while the input resistance presented to small signals is from equation ( 10.17 ) Making use of equation ( 10.19 ) , the latter becomes Proceeding further , the small-signal voltage gain between input and output is and , on substituting for and from equations ( 10.19 ) and ( 10.20 ) , it is seen that To obtain an expression for the output resistance , observe that in the input circuit Eliminating through equation ( 10.18 ) gives and rearranging this equation in the form establishes that the output resistance is
applying kirchhoff 's voltage and current laws respectively to the input and output circuits of figure 10.6 ( b ) yields however , and so from equation ( 10.18 ) the small-signal current gain between input and output is while the input resistance presented to small signals is from equation ( 10.17 ) making use of equation ( 10.19 ) , the latter becomes proceeding further , the small-signal voltage gain between input and output is and , on [using instead of] for and from equations ( 10.19 ) and ( 10.20 ) , it is seen that to obtain an expression for the output resistance , observe that in the input circuit eliminating through equation ( 10.18 ) gives and rearranging this equation in the form establishes that the output resistance is

The last result follows from which becomes on substituting x for
the last result follows from which becomes on [using instead of] x for

Thus correction involves substituting the correct spelling of the intended word for its misspelled counterpart , but controlled by the user .
thus correction involves [using instead of] the correct spelling of the intended word for its misspelled counterpart , but controlled by the user .

For example will was recognised as ‘ vvill ’ ( top candidate ) , so substituting w for ‘ vv ’ would provide the correct result .
for example will was recognised as ‘ vvill ’ ( top candidate ) , so [using instead of] w for ‘ vv ’ would provide the correct result .

Similarly departmental was recognised as ‘ deparl-mental ’ , so looking for sequences such as ‘ l- ’ and substituting t would give the correct result ( also y for ‘ vj ’ , a for ‘ c\ ’ , and there may well be others ) .
similarly departmental was recognised as ‘ deparl-mental ’ , so looking for sequences such as ‘ l- ’ and [using instead of] t would give the correct result ( also y for ‘ vj ’ , a for ‘ c\ ’ , and there may well be others ) .

This game can also be played by substituting the orders with numbers .
this game can also be played by [using instead of] the orders with numbers .

The doctor can be freed to see twice as many patients by substituting for this interview a simple card , provided with a pencil , in the waiting room :
the doctor can be freed to see twice as many patients by [using instead of] for this interview a simple card , provided with a pencil , in the waiting room :

In its most overweaning forms , anthropism seems to be on the verge of substituting Man for God , by hinting that consciousness , unbound by time 's arrow , causes creation .
in its most overweaning forms , anthropism seems to be on the verge of [using instead of] man for god , by hinting that consciousness , unbound by time 's arrow , causes creation .

After substituting strong infantry guards at the fords , in place of the cavalry-men , almost the entire Scots mounted force formed up and rode off , in companies , southwards , up the long hill of Scremerston Brae , to disappear eventually over the ridge into deeper Northumberland .
after [using instead of] strong infantry guards at the fords , in place of the cavalry-men , almost the entire scots mounted force formed up and rode off , in companies , southwards , up the long hill of scremerston brae , to disappear eventually over the ridge into deeper northumberland .

If a recipe calls for cream , try substituting low-calorie yoghurt or 1% fromage frais . Sometimes there is no substitute — but then use as little as possible or go without !
if a recipe calls for cream , try [using instead of] low-calorie yoghurt or 1% fromage frais . sometimes there is no substitute — but then use as little as possible or go without !

Because ontology involves an ethico-political violence towards the other , always to some degree seen as a threat , Levinas proposes ethics in its place , substituting a respect for the other for a grasping of it , and a theory of desire not as negation and assimilation but as infinite separation .
because ontology involves an ethico-political violence towards the other , always to some degree seen as a threat , levinas proposes ethics in its place , [using instead of] a respect for the other for a grasping of it , and a theory of desire not as negation and assimilation but as infinite separation .

It is often assumed that Foucault is simply the philosopher of discontinuity , merely substituting it where previously there had been continuity ; but the discontinuous is emphasized only because so much stress is normally placed on the continuous .
it is often assumed that foucault is simply the philosopher of discontinuity , merely [using instead of] it where previously there had been continuity ; but the discontinuous is emphasized only because so much stress is normally placed on the continuous .

Feminists have accused political sociologists of substituting their own views of what should be the case in the place of evidence .
feminists have accused political sociologists of [using instead of] their own views of what should be the case in the place of evidence .

Their only public actions were as women of a family substituting for a man , most often for its head .
their only public actions were as women of a family [using instead of] for a man , most often for its head .

But Merseyside and Manchester both proved last week that it is possible to concoct high drama without substituting motivation for mutilation .
but merseyside and manchester both proved last week that it is possible to concoct high drama without [using instead of] motivation for mutilation .

If the car costs the employer £6,000 a year while the perceived benefit to the employee is only half that , the employer and employee can split the difference by substituting an appropriate salary increase ( or other benefit ) for the car .
if the car costs the employer £6,000 a year while the perceived benefit to the employee is only half that , the employer and employee can split the difference by [using instead of] an appropriate salary increase ( or other benefit ) for the car .

One such exception concerns circumstances where a particular person does not have close relatives , where there seems to be an expectation that kin in the outer circle should give more support than they otherwise might , as it were deputizing or substituting for the non-existent children or parents .
one such exception concerns circumstances where a particular person does not have close relatives , where there seems to be an expectation that kin in the outer circle should give more support than they otherwise might , as it were deputizing or [using instead of] for the non-existent children or parents .

Deborah Kass , who used to paint splashy waterfalls and rocks , has turned pointedly political of late and at fiction/non-fiction ( from 2 December to 2 January ) she shows walls and walls full of variations on this iconic Warhol image , substituting Barbara Streisand for Mrs Onassis and calling the result ‘ The Jewish Jackie Series ’ .
deborah kass , who used to paint splashy waterfalls and rocks , has turned pointedly political of late and at fiction/non-fiction ( from 2 december to 2 january ) she shows walls and walls full of variations on this iconic warhol image , [using instead of] barbara streisand for mrs onassis and calling the result ‘ the jewish jackie series ’ .

We should go through the questions again , substituting ‘ English ’ for ‘ hearing ’ and ‘ French ’ for ‘ deaf ’ .
we should go through the questions again , [using instead of] ‘ english ’ for ‘ hearing ’ and ‘ french ’ for ‘ deaf ’ .

They restrict the extent to which human action can be understood , substituting explanations based on a plastic model of the individual and a narrow and amorphous model of social relations and structure .
they restrict the extent to which human action can be understood , [using instead of] explanations based on a plastic model of the individual and a narrow and amorphous model of social relations and structure .

The high cost of substituting plain white for stained glass deterred some churchwardens from complying with the government 's orders , while many others were motivated to hide and preserve sacred objects by an enduring spirit of Catholic piety .
the high cost of [using instead of] plain white for stained glass deterred some churchwardens from complying with the government 's orders , while many others were motivated to hide and preserve sacred objects by an enduring spirit of catholic piety .

In 1682 a printer gave a boost to cannibalism by substituting ‘ if the latter husband ate her ’ instead of hate her in the verses on the Mosaic law of divorce at Deuteronomy xxiv.3 .
in 1682 a printer gave a boost to cannibalism by [using instead of] ‘ if the latter husband ate her ’ instead of hate her in the verses on the mosaic law of divorce at deuteronomy xxiv.3 .

On top of these matters of fact , it was held that ‘ where appropriate , a substantial body of socio-clinical opinion ’ supported substituting community-based services for institutional care .
on top of these matters of fact , it was held that ‘ where appropriate , a substantial body of socio-clinical opinion ’ supported [using instead of] community-based services for institutional care .

Johns notes that the strategy of substituting active for passive raises the problem of supplying a subject for the active clause .
johns notes that the strategy of [using instead of] active for passive raises the problem of supplying a subject for the active clause .

But also , either substituting for this , or modifying it , there are many cases of practical internal co-ordination by the professional company : a mode now more consciously attempted by modern cultural collectives .
but also , either [using instead of] for this , or modifying it , there are many cases of practical internal co-ordination by the professional company : a mode now more consciously attempted by modern cultural collectives .

Substitution is itself affected by various factors , such as both general and specific supplies of labour , the existence of restrictive practices and professional demarcations , the transferability of training , the technical possibilities of substituting capital ( i.e .
substitution is itself affected by various factors , such as both general and specific supplies of labour , the existence of restrictive practices and professional demarcations , the transferability of training , the technical possibilities of [using instead of] capital ( i.e .

Held , allowing the appeal and substituting a period of postponement not to exceed six months ( Sir George Waller dissenting ) , that for the purposes of making an order for sale in favour of a trustee in bankruptcy under s. 30 of the Law of Property Act 1925 no distinction was to be made between a case where a property was being enjoyed as the matrimonial home and one where it had ceased to be so used ; that where a spouse , having a beneficial interest in such property , had become bankrupt , the interests of the creditors would usually prevail over the interests of the other spouse and a sale of the property ordered within a short period ; that only in exceptional circumstances , more than the ordinary consequences of debt and improvidence , could the interests of the other spouse prevail so as to enable an order for sale to be postponed for a substantial period ; and that , accordingly , since the circumstances of the wives and their children , albeit distressing , were not exceptional , the order sought by the trustee should be made .
held , allowing the appeal and [using instead of] a period of postponement not to exceed six months ( sir george waller dissenting ) , that for the purposes of making an order for sale in favour of a trustee in bankruptcy under s. 30 of the law of property act 1925 no distinction was to be made between a case where a property was being enjoyed as the matrimonial home and one where it had ceased to be so used ; that where a spouse , having a beneficial interest in such property , had become bankrupt , the interests of the creditors would usually prevail over the interests of the other spouse and a sale of the property ordered within a short period ; that only in exceptional circumstances , more than the ordinary consequences of debt and improvidence , could the interests of the other spouse prevail so as to enable an order for sale to be postponed for a substantial period ; and that , accordingly , since the circumstances of the wives and their children , albeit distressing , were not exceptional , the order sought by the trustee should be made .

As to formal written reports , in our sample firms we also saw efforts to reduce the number of them , and to facilitate their production — for instance , by substituting computer programs for manual information collection and transmittal . Nevertheless , despite such efforts , the management effort required to co-ordinate , collaborate and integrate innovation activities is great :
as to formal written reports , in our sample firms we also saw efforts to reduce the number of them , and to facilitate their production — for instance , by [using instead of] computer programs for manual information collection and transmittal . nevertheless , despite such efforts , the management effort required to co-ordinate , collaborate and integrate innovation activities is great :

Dead metaphors for which this is true can be ‘ revived ’ by substituting for one or more of their constituent parts elements which ( in their literal uses ) are near-synonyms , or paraphrases .
dead metaphors for which this is true can be ‘ revived ’ by [using instead of] for one or more of their constituent parts elements which ( in their literal uses ) are near-synonyms , or paraphrases .

We can then observe the effect of substituting place for bank in 18 and 19 :
we can then observe the effect of [using instead of] place for bank in 18 and 19 :

( The process of substituting a single element for a sequence within a constant grammatical frame is known as reduction . )
( the process of [using instead of] a single element for a sequence within a constant grammatical frame is known as reduction . )

We can produce a semantic clash by substituting highly for extremely , and restore normality by replacing fast with dangerous .
we can produce a semantic clash by [using instead of] highly for extremely , and restore normality by replacing fast with dangerous .

Union conferences passed motions condemning what they described as the growing use of temporary workers and employers ' strategies of substituting temporary for permanent workers .
union conferences passed motions condemning what they described as the growing use of temporary workers and employers ' strategies of [using instead of] temporary for permanent workers .

Substituting eqns ( 2.4 ) and ( 2.5 ) into eqn ( 2.6 ) we get , where and are the values of the function at the end-points of the path .
[using instead of] eqns ( 2.4 ) and ( 2.5 ) into eqn ( 2.6 ) we get , where and are the values of the function at the end-points of the path .

Substituting into it the value of p from eqn ( 3.46 ) we get .
[using instead of] into it the value of p from eqn ( 3.46 ) we get .

Substituting the above approximate relation into eqn ( 3.56 ) we can perform the integration , yielding .
[using instead of] the above approximate relation into eqn ( 3.56 ) we can perform the integration , yielding .

Substituting it into eqn ( 4.10 ) would always yield zero , and that is obviously incorrect because the right-hand side may be finite .
[using instead of] it into eqn ( 4.10 ) would always yield zero , and that is obviously incorrect because the right-hand side may be finite .

Substituting the above definition into eqn ( 4.32 ) and changing from to d/dt we get , as known from circuit theory .
[using instead of] the above definition into eqn ( 4.32 ) and changing from to d/dt we get , as known from circuit theory .

On the other hand , it is possible that , instead of substituting for transport interactions , telecommunications will broaden people 's activities and actually stimulate further activities and trips ( Tyler 1979 ; Clark and Unwin 1981 ) .
on the other hand , it is possible that , instead of [using instead of] for transport interactions , telecommunications will broaden people 's activities and actually stimulate further activities and trips ( tyler 1979 ; clark and unwin 1981 ) .

Whether this intense effect is tempered by the use of black bands ( as in ‘ Achaian ’ , 1981 , ‘ Luxor ’ and ‘ Rose Rime ’ , 1982 enhanced by substituting lilac for white ( as in Coxcomb , 1984 ) , or augmented by dispensing with ‘ neutral ’ bands altogether ( ‘ Saraband ’ , ‘ Burnished Sky ’ , 1985 ) , the overall sensation is one of extreme pitch .
whether this intense effect is tempered by the use of black bands ( as in ‘ achaian ’ , 1981 , ‘ luxor ’ and ‘ rose rime ’ , 1982 enhanced by [using instead of] lilac for white ( as in coxcomb , 1984 ) , or augmented by dispensing with ‘ neutral ’ bands altogether ( ‘ saraband ’ , ‘ burnished sky ’ , 1985 ) , the overall sensation is one of extreme pitch .

Nineteenth-century liberalism was to inherit hostility to religious charity without substituting for it the planned charity of the state .
nineteenth-century liberalism was to inherit hostility to religious charity without [using instead of] for it the planned charity of the state .

The ancient Egyptians had no compunction in substituting glass or faience for natural stones , the Byzantines explored the possibilities of enamel and the Chinese began to produce pearls by culture as early as the thirteenth century , a process which in the hands of the Japanese first brought fine pearls to the new mass market .
the ancient egyptians had no compunction in [using instead of] glass or faience for natural stones , the byzantines explored the possibilities of enamel and the chinese began to produce pearls by culture as early as the thirteenth century , a process which in the hands of the japanese first brought fine pearls to the new mass market .

There can be no doubt but that the Parliamentary intention in substituting the new section 9 for the original section was to simplify the requirements for the execution and witnessing of a will .
there can be no doubt but that the parliamentary intention in [using instead of] the new section 9 for the original section was to simplify the requirements for the execution and witnessing of a will .

Secondly , on the assumed facts in the present case , the court would , in our judgment , have clear jurisdiction to rectify the proprietorship register of the house by substituting the name of the appellant for that of Mr. and Mrs. Hammond , since the case would fall within all or any of sub-paragraphs ( a ) , ( b ) , ( d ) , ( g ) and ( h ) of section 82 ( 1 ) .
secondly , on the assumed facts in the present case , the court would , in our judgment , have clear jurisdiction to rectify the proprietorship register of the house by [using instead of] the name of the appellant for that of mr. and mrs. hammond , since the case would fall within all or any of sub-paragraphs ( a ) , ( b ) , ( d ) , ( g ) and ( h ) of section 82 ( 1 ) .

… particular care must be taken before stigmatising a decision as one at which no reasonable person could have arrived , for this is coming dangerously close to the court substituting its own discretion for that of the tribunal .
… particular care must be taken before stigmatising a decision as one at which no reasonable person could have arrived , for this is coming dangerously close to the court [using instead of] its own discretion for that of the tribunal .

His later declarations were filled with similar anger at the way in which Muhammad Reza was substituting Western values for the Islamic tradition in Iran .
his later declarations were filled with similar anger at the way in which muhammad reza was [using instead of] western values for the islamic tradition in iran .

Substituting for the father , Novella exemplifies a certain them in women 's history which can illuminate changing attitudes to the female production of art .
[using instead of] for the father , novella exemplifies a certain them in women 's history which can illuminate changing attitudes to the female production of art .

The eight characteristics of Chemical Dependency ( preoccupation , use alone , use for effect , use as a medicine , protection of supply , use more then planned , greater capacity than other people and blackouts ) apply precisely to compulsive over-eating or bulimia , substituting food for alcohol or drugs .
the eight characteristics of chemical dependency ( preoccupation , use alone , use for effect , use as a medicine , protection of supply , use more then planned , greater capacity than other people and blackouts ) apply precisely to compulsive over-eating or bulimia , [using instead of] food for alcohol or drugs .

The hard warmth of him annihilated her last reservations , substituting instead some primitive , age-old need she could neither deny nor control .
the hard warmth of him annihilated her last reservations , [using instead of] instead some primitive , age-old need she could neither deny nor control .

Furthermore , it is quite possible to maintain control in such situations without the judiciary substituting their view for that of the tribunal .
furthermore , it is quite possible to maintain control in such situations without the judiciary [using instead of] their view for that of the tribunal .

To require more runs the risk of the courts substituting their view for that of the authority .
to require more runs the risk of the courts [using instead of] their view for that of the authority .

Lord Wilberforce 's statement in Tameside , that the decision-maker should properly direct himself to the facts , provides a good example of one aspect of factual review which would allow the courts great latitude for substituting their view for that of the decision-maker .
lord wilberforce 's statement in tameside , that the decision-maker should properly direct himself to the facts , provides a good example of one aspect of factual review which would allow the courts great latitude for [using instead of] their view for that of the decision-maker .

While the courts continue to insist that they are only keeping the authority within the boundaries of its power and not substituting their view , the dividing line can be a thin one .
while the courts continue to insist that they are only keeping the authority within the boundaries of its power and not [using instead of] their view , the dividing line can be a thin one .

Already in Out the narrator was obsessed with the mind 's capacity for erasing one version of a story and substituting another : ‘ We can make our errors in a thought and reject them in another thought , leaving no trace of error in us ’ ( 51/53 ) .
already in out the narrator was obsessed with the mind 's capacity for erasing one version of a story and [using instead of] another : ‘ we can make our errors in a thought and reject them in another thought , leaving no trace of error in us ’ ( 51/53 ) .

The sentencers have used the new powers , not to reduce the numbers being sent to prison , but as a way of substituting a tougher penalty for petty offenders .
the sentencers have used the new powers , not to reduce the numbers being sent to prison , but as a way of [using instead of] a tougher penalty for petty offenders .

There should always be a good reason for substituting cow 's milk with unmodified soya milk ( which you can buy in cartons ) — for example , if you are a vegan and do n't consume any dairy products — as some brands have a high aluminium content .
there should always be a good reason for [using instead of] cow 's milk with unmodified soya milk ( which you can buy in cartons ) — for example , if you are a vegan and do n't consume any dairy products — as some brands have a high aluminium content .

There is no possibility of the family , even with help from neighbours and friends , substituting for state provision .
there is no possibility of the family , even with help from neighbours and friends , [using instead of] for state provision .

In one view , the ‘ imaginary war ’ must continue , substituting new adversaries for the cold war enemy and in this sense the Gulf war would be compared to the Korean war — as the conflict which defines the new world order .
in one view , the ‘ imaginary war ’ must continue , [using instead of] new adversaries for the cold war enemy and in this sense the gulf war would be compared to the korean war — as the conflict which defines the new world order .

The professional army is substituting for the national will .
the professional army is [using instead of] for the national will .

He repeated the query , substituting biscuit , ice-cream , banana ; there was the same level of response , but nothing more .
he repeated the query , [using instead of] biscuit , ice-cream , banana ; there was the same level of response , but nothing more .

Cotterell was writing in a mixed shorthand , spelling out some words and substituting personal symbols for others .
cotterell was writing in a mixed shorthand , spelling out some words and [using instead of] personal symbols for others .

Now , the mechanical coal-cutter , the conveyor belt , and the steel arch for roof support were quickly supplanting the old hand-methods , and for the stalls were substituting the long face where the coal-cutter undercut a greater length of the coal-seam , and the colliers , instead of working in pairs , now worked in groups , filling the coal on to the moving conveyor belt that ran parallel to the face .
now , the mechanical coal-cutter , the conveyor belt , and the steel arch for roof support were quickly supplanting the old hand-methods , and for the stalls were [using instead of] the long face where the coal-cutter undercut a greater length of the coal-seam , and the colliers , instead of working in pairs , now worked in groups , filling the coal on to the moving conveyor belt that ran parallel to the face .

in Glasgow , where he took the initiative in substituting welding for the traditional riveting of joints in steel structures .
in glasgow , where he took the initiative in [using instead of] welding for the traditional riveting of joints in steel structures .

In summary , substituting depreciation accounting for the existing method would make revenue accounts more relevant for cost comparisons but less reliable for financial control .
in summary , [using instead of] depreciation accounting for the existing method would make revenue accounts more relevant for cost comparisons but less reliable for financial control .

Perhaps this opens up the idea of the Government substituting depreciation accounting in place of principal repayments of loans but imposing the same control over the depreciation charge that it imposes on the minimum revenue provision .
perhaps this opens up the idea of the government [using instead of] depreciation accounting in place of principal repayments of loans but imposing the same control over the depreciation charge that it imposes on the minimum revenue provision .

As an alternative to the fan strike ( right ) , the defender can retaliate by substituting a palm heel strike .
as an alternative to the fan strike ( right ) , the defender can retaliate by [using instead of] a palm heel strike .

All of the models described so far are targeted on people with most needs and engage these clients for long periods of time , sometimes indefinitely ( substituting for long-term institutional care for the most needy people ) .
all of the models described so far are targeted on people with most needs and engage these clients for long periods of time , sometimes indefinitely ( [using instead of] for long-term institutional care for the most needy people ) .

The painting clearly represents a real instrument , and since the picture was intended for Handel to keep ( as we may infer from his afterwards presenting it to Harris ) there seems to be little likelihood of the painter substituting an instrument with which the composer had no connection .
the painting clearly represents a real instrument , and since the picture was intended for handel to keep ( as we may infer from his afterwards presenting it to harris ) there seems to be little likelihood of the painter [using instead of] an instrument with which the composer had no connection .

If nomenclature is a problem here , then the desirability of abandoning the term rape and substituting another merits consideration .
if nomenclature is a problem here , then the desirability of abandoning the term rape and [using instead of] another merits consideration .

Each suffix can take values 1 , 2 or 3 , corresponding to the three coordinate directions ; a vector equation can be read as any one of its component equations by substituting the appropriate value for the suffix common to every term ; and the repetition of a suffix within a single term indicates that that term is summed over the three values of that suffix .
each suffix can take values 1 , 2 or 3 , corresponding to the three coordinate directions ; a vector equation can be read as any one of its component equations by [using instead of] the appropriate value for the suffix common to every term ; and the repetition of a suffix within a single term indicates that that term is summed over the three values of that suffix .

Continuity gives Substituting this in gives which reduces to eqn ( 20.1 ) .
continuity gives [using instead of] this in gives which reduces to eqn ( 20.1 ) .

Changing from acrylics to oils and substituting a palette knife for a pencil , Rothenberg maintains her curiosity in the crooked line , the partial form and the affects of colour on a flat place .
changing from acrylics to oils and [using instead of] a palette knife for a pencil , rothenberg maintains her curiosity in the crooked line , the partial form and the affects of colour on a flat place .

In the autumn she could return to Vancouver and begin doing locums — substituting for doctors going on holidays or trips or to take courses — until the day she had repaid her loans and could begin to look at having her own practice .
in the autumn she could return to vancouver and begin doing locums — [using instead of] for doctors going on holidays or trips or to take courses — until the day she had repaid her loans and could begin to look at having her own practice .

They believed in culture in addition to , and sometimes as an alternative to religion , in extreme cases substituting the ritual attendance at opera , theatre or concert for that at church .
they believed in culture in addition to , and sometimes as an alternative to religion , in extreme cases [using instead of] the ritual attendance at opera , theatre or concert for that at church .

It shows to be wholly naive claims that the problem of the patriarchal nature of the biblical literature could be solved by for example substituting certain female words for male words , or concentrating on those stories which concern women .
it shows to be wholly naive claims that the problem of the patriarchal nature of the biblical literature could be solved by for example [using instead of] certain female words for male words , or concentrating on those stories which concern women .

Two or three of Dr McNab 's supporters wasted no time in surreptitiously slipping their cards of emergency instructions from their pockets , crossing out the name McNab , and substituting that of his rival , before settling back to watch their new champion in the lists .
two or three of dr mcnab 's supporters wasted no time in surreptitiously slipping their cards of emergency instructions from their pockets , crossing out the name mcnab , and [using instead of] that of his rival , before settling back to watch their new champion in the lists .

It is the process of trying to persuade by substituting power for reason — the power being the ability to walk away from the deal and leave the other person stranded , the power to give the other person less than required — and sometimes nothing .
it is the process of trying to persuade by [using instead of] power for reason — the power being the ability to walk away from the deal and leave the other person stranded , the power to give the other person less than required — and sometimes nothing .

Smith was the latest to go off for examination of foot bruising , Nick Knight substituting briefly in the field .
smith was the latest to go off for examination of foot bruising , nick knight [using instead of] briefly in the field .

Its efficacy could then be assessed by substituting it for the dictionary definitions in the overlap program .
its efficacy could then be assessed by [using instead of] it for the dictionary definitions in the overlap program .

He would remove those for his own use , substituting his own dross leads .
he would remove those for his own use , [using instead of] his own dross leads .

The children did make changes in vocabulary , substituting `` changed `` for `` alternated `` for example , and they also changed syntax , preferring a main clause , `` When the wool had been cleaned and combed `` to `` The raw wool having been cleaned and combed `` .
the children did make changes in vocabulary , [using instead of] `` changed `` for `` alternated `` for example , and they also changed syntax , preferring a main clause , `` when the wool had been cleaned and combed `` to `` the raw wool having been cleaned and combed `` .

Substituting each of these in turn in the given polynomial never gives the value 0 .
[using instead of] each of these in turn in the given polynomial never gives the value 0 .

For example , it would appear that substituting in a simple formula expressed in words is too difficult for lower attainers , although superficially it seems to require little more than following simple instructions .
for example , it would appear that [using instead of] in a simple formula expressed in words is too difficult for lower attainers , although superficially it seems to require little more than following simple instructions .

She settled for a continental breakfast , substituting two slices of freshly baked tresse , a plaited white loaf , for the conventional croissant .
she settled for a continental breakfast , [using instead of] two slices of freshly baked tresse , a plaited white loaf , for the conventional croissant .

If you can think of any way in which you can reduce the impact of your job on the environment , whether it is minimising or recycling waste , increasing energy efficiency or substituting materials with less hazardous alternatives , then let your manager know .
if you can think of any way in which you can reduce the impact of your job on the environment , whether it is minimising or recycling waste , increasing energy efficiency or [using instead of] materials with less hazardous alternatives , then let your manager know .

Even in organization theory , however , it was found necessary as recently as 1980 by Bacharach and Lawler to reject a view of organizations as rational , harmonious , apolitical and normatively integrated , substituting instead an approach to them as ‘ arenas for daily political action ’ in which power and influence are mobilized by interest groups to gain control of resources through bargaining and the formation of coalitions .
even in organization theory , however , it was found necessary as recently as 1980 by bacharach and lawler to reject a view of organizations as rational , harmonious , apolitical and normatively integrated , [using instead of] instead an approach to them as ‘ arenas for daily political action ’ in which power and influence are mobilized by interest groups to gain control of resources through bargaining and the formation of coalitions .

Substituting , or
[using instead of] , or

The following equation is analogous to equation ( 11 ) : By rearranging this equation and substituting the values shown above we obtain This is the standard molar lattice enthalpy of sodium chloride .
the following equation is analogous to equation ( 11 ) : by rearranging this equation and [using instead of] the values shown above we obtain this is the standard molar lattice enthalpy of sodium chloride .

Much of the laborious , but skilled work , is now cut out substituting a floppy disk for design paper and automatically selecting the settings one card at a time .
much of the laborious , but skilled work , is now cut out [using instead of] a floppy disk for design paper and automatically selecting the settings one card at a time .

After visiting Herzen in London he accused him of substituting passion for reason . ``
after visiting herzen in london he accused him of [using instead of] passion for reason . ``

Aggregating together union and non-union wages and substituting out firms ' demand for labour , one may obtain a reduced real wage equation positively related to output , lagged real wages and employer taxes on labour and negatively to unexpected inflation benefits and employee taxes .
aggregating together union and non-union wages and [using instead of] out firms ' demand for labour , one may obtain a reduced real wage equation positively related to output , lagged real wages and employer taxes on labour and negatively to unexpected inflation benefits and employee taxes .

Substituting from Eqn .
[using instead of] from eqn .

The relationship between the fundamental and d.c. components of current and voltage can be obtained from the phase voltage equation : Substituting from Eqns .
the relationship between the fundamental and d.c. components of current and voltage can be obtained from the phase voltage equation : [using instead of] from eqns .

The instantaneous torque produced by one phase of a variable-reluctance motor is , in the absence of magnetic saturation , proportional to the square of phase current and the rate of change of inductance with rotor position ( Fitzgerald and Kingsley , 1952 ) : If the phase current is approximated by its d.c. and fundamental components then substituting into Eqn .
the instantaneous torque produced by one phase of a variable-reluctance motor is , in the absence of magnetic saturation , proportional to the square of phase current and the rate of change of inductance with rotor position ( fitzgerald and kingsley , 1952 ) : if the phase current is approximated by its d.c. and fundamental components then [using instead of] into eqn .

Substituting in Eqn .
[using instead of] in eqn .

This torque overcomes the load torque and accelerates the system inertia or , expressed algebraically : For a motor with n phases and p rotor teeth the step length is and so the stepping rate is related to the rotor velocity by : Substituting Eqn .
this torque overcomes the load torque and accelerates the system inertia or , expressed algebraically : for a motor with n phases and p rotor teeth the step length is and so the stepping rate is related to the rotor velocity by : [using instead of] eqn .

Substituting for leads to
[using instead of] for leads to

Next door , another room has bee converted to house more of the latest technology , this time substituting a manual system of producing hand samples for a mechanical one in the shape of a ‘ rapid pegging machine ’ .
next door , another room has bee converted to house more of the latest technology , this time [using instead of] a manual system of producing hand samples for a mechanical one in the shape of a ‘ rapid pegging machine ’ .

Even in craft trades the cost of substituting for a wife could be high : one hatter in 1824 reckoned that if his wife had not picked the coarse hairs out of his material he would have lost from 6s to 9s 4d ( 30p to 47p ) from wages of £2 to £3 .
even in craft trades the cost of [using instead of] for a wife could be high : one hatter in 1824 reckoned that if his wife had not picked the coarse hairs out of his material he would have lost from 6s to 9s 4d ( 30p to 47p ) from wages of £2 to £3 .

For Attridge , Puttenham truly supplements nature with art , by substituting art for nature .
for attridge , puttenham truly supplements nature with art , by [using instead of] art for nature .

The bleak prospect disclosed by this view of present and potential conflict situations is not relieved by the existence of any significant social movement which is clearly capable of diminishing the appeal of nationalism , or substituting a new and persuasive political ideal for that of the nation state .
the bleak prospect disclosed by this view of present and potential conflict situations is not relieved by the existence of any significant social movement which is clearly capable of diminishing the appeal of nationalism , or [using instead of] a new and persuasive political ideal for that of the nation state .

Substituting from this and the corresponding conditions for and ( see Eq .
[using instead of] from this and the corresponding conditions for and ( see eq .

Substituting into the right-hand side of ( 8–47 ) , and using ( 8–49 ) and ( 8–50 ) , it may be seen to be proportional to .
[using instead of] into the right-hand side of ( 8–47 ) , and using ( 8–49 ) and ( 8–50 ) , it may be seen to be proportional to .

Substituting into ( 9–38 ) shows that is proportional to where the denominator is positive by assumption .
[using instead of] into ( 9–38 ) shows that is proportional to where the denominator is positive by assumption .

Substituting this expression for into the consumption expenditure equation ( 3.6 ) we obtain :
[using instead of] this expression for into the consumption expenditure equation ( 3.6 ) we obtain :

Substituting for in equation ( 3.24 ) using equation ( 3.23 ) , we can derive :
[using instead of] for in equation ( 3.24 ) using equation ( 3.23 ) , we can derive :

Substituting these values for the π 's in equations ( 4.8 ) and ( 4.1 ) and using equation ( 4.1 ) we can write the expression for output in the th market , , as :
[using instead of] these values for the π 's in equations ( 4.8 ) and ( 4.1 ) and using equation ( 4.1 ) we can write the expression for output in the th market , , as :

By updating this one period we can derive the process for next period 's price , , as which , after substituting for m t and t from equations ( 5.3 ) and ( 5.4 ) respectively , we can write as
by updating this one period we can derive the process for next period 's price , , as which , after [using instead of] for m t and t from equations ( 5.3 ) and ( 5.4 ) respectively , we can write as

Substituting equations ( 5.11 ) and ( 5.12 ) into equation ( 5.5 ) , and setting the result identically equal to equation ( 5.6 ) , allows us to solve for the π 's and obtain the following solution for output in the th market , :
[using instead of] equations ( 5.11 ) and ( 5.12 ) into equation ( 5.5 ) , and setting the result identically equal to equation ( 5.6 ) , allows us to solve for the π 's and obtain the following solution for output in the th market , :

Substituting these expressions for the respective expectations terms and using the technique of undetermined coefficients , we obtain : and hence ,
[using instead of] these expressions for the respective expectations terms and using the technique of undetermined coefficients , we obtain : and hence ,

Given the existence of an aggregate production function of the form , an expression for the logarithm of output can be obtained by substituting equation ( 5.29 ) into equation ( 5.28 ) and then substituting the resulting equation into the production function .
given the existence of an aggregate production function of the form , an expression for the logarithm of output can be obtained by [using instead of] equation ( 5.29 ) into equation ( 5.28 ) and then [using instead of] the resulting equation into the production function .

Substituting equation ( 5.33 ) into equation ( 5.32 ) gives
[using instead of] equation ( 5.33 ) into equation ( 5.32 ) gives

Substituting these expressions for expectations back into the price equation we can write :
[using instead of] these expressions for expectations back into the price equation we can write :

By substituting equations ( 5.42 ) , ( 5.41 ) and ( 5.40 ) into the expression for aggregate supply , equation ( 5.38 ) , we obtain the solution :
by [using instead of] equations ( 5.42 ) , ( 5.41 ) and ( 5.40 ) into the expression for aggregate supply , equation ( 5.38 ) , we obtain the solution :

Substituting the expressions for and into the output equation in ( 6.12 ) gives the two-equation model :
[using instead of] the expressions for and into the output equation in ( 6.12 ) gives the two-equation model :

We can therefore test for rational expectations by substituting for and into equation ( 6.19 ) to give the system : where we have allowed the term to accumulate in the equation error in the unemployment equation in ( 6.20 ) .
we can therefore test for rational expectations by [using instead of] for and into equation ( 6.19 ) to give the system : where we have allowed the term to accumulate in the equation error in the unemployment equation in ( 6.20 ) .

This is obtained by substituting out terms in ( 26 ) from ( 24 ) and multiplication of the result through by .
this is obtained by [using instead of] out terms in ( 26 ) from ( 24 ) and multiplication of the result through by .

The quota-equivalent of the tariff is derived by substituting ( 22 ) into ( 17 ) , which , after rearranging gives the following expression : where Since , following the imposition of the quota , the home firms act in a Cournot manner ( i.e .
the quota-equivalent of the tariff is derived by [using instead of] ( 22 ) into ( 17 ) , which , after rearranging gives the following expression : where since , following the imposition of the quota , the home firms act in a cournot manner ( i.e .

But moves by managers to `` rationalise `` skillmix , substituting unqualified for qualified staff , are even more important .
but moves by managers to `` rationalise `` skillmix , [using instead of] unqualified for qualified staff , are even more important .

The list of single words or phrases substituting for the sexual or scatological items listed above is considerably longer than the basic list ; e.g. ``
the list of single words or phrases [using instead of] for the sexual or scatological items listed above is considerably longer than the basic list ; e.g. ``

For example the reduction of body weight could lead to a problem of redesign of shape but also to one of substituting plastics for metal .
for example the reduction of body weight could lead to a problem of redesign of shape but also to one of [using instead of] plastics for metal .

In spatial coordinates it is given by This may be found easily ( in this case ) by substituting for the Xi in the material expression above or , somewhat laboriously , by evaluating .
in spatial coordinates it is given by this may be found easily ( in this case ) by [using instead of] for the xi in the material expression above or , somewhat laboriously , by evaluating .

Consider again the differential equation for the three-element model : where we have substituted for the various constants in terms of the relaxation times complex constants . Then , substituting in the differential equation , we have
consider again the differential equation for the three-element model : where we have substituted for the various constants in terms of the relaxation times complex constants . then , [using instead of] in the differential equation , we have

Those in the diet group were asked both to reduce their intake of refined carbohydrates and to increase their dietary fibre by substituting high for low fibre products and by taking supplements of standardised wheat bran ( three or four ×7.5 g sachets of Prewett 's coarse wheat bran ) .
those in the diet group were asked both to reduce their intake of refined carbohydrates and to increase their dietary fibre by [using instead of] high for low fibre products and by taking supplements of standardised wheat bran ( three or four ×7.5 g sachets of prewett 's coarse wheat bran ) .

Carole had left her photo-pass with Angela , who , taking it from its plastic cover , crossed out Carole 's name , substituting that of her husband .
carole had left her photo-pass with angela , who , taking it from its plastic cover , crossed out carole 's name , [using instead of] that of her husband .

In addition the estimate for the slope ( substituting 1 for in Eq .
in addition the estimate for the slope ( [using instead of] 1 for in eq .

substituting them back into ( 5.30 ) we get respectively for the one-year , two-year and three-year par value bonds , and .
[using instead of] them back into ( 5.30 ) we get respectively for the one-year , two-year and three-year par value bonds , and .

By substituting ( 6.6 ) into ( 6.5 ) we get .
by [using instead of] ( 6.6 ) into ( 6.5 ) we get .

Substituting the last line of ( 6.22 ) into ( 6.9 ) gives .
[using instead of] the last line of ( 6.22 ) into ( 6.9 ) gives .

Substituting ( 6.26 ) into ( 6.23 ) gives
[using instead of] ( 6.26 ) into ( 6.23 ) gives

Substituting ( 6.31 ) into ( 6.27 ) provides an alternative formula for the fair share price : .
[using instead of] ( 6.31 ) into ( 6.27 ) provides an alternative formula for the fair share price : .

Substituting ( 7.12 ) into ( 7.10 ) and equating to ( 7.11 ) yields , which on rearranging yields .
[using instead of] ( 7.12 ) into ( 7.10 ) and equating to ( 7.11 ) yields , which on rearranging yields .

Substituting ( 7.14 ) into ( 7.9 ) gives .
[using instead of] ( 7.14 ) into ( 7.9 ) gives .

It 's an unimaginative , misogynistic rehash of Body Heat , with Richard Gere and Kim Basinger substituting inadequately for William Hurt and Kathleen Turner .
it 's an unimaginative , misogynistic rehash of body heat , with richard gere and kim basinger [using instead of] inadequately for william hurt and kathleen turner .

As land becomes scarce , farmers rely more on additional fertilizer to expand output , in effect substituting energy in the form of fertilizer for land in the production process .
as land becomes scarce , farmers rely more on additional fertilizer to expand output , in effect [using instead of] energy in the form of fertilizer for land in the production process .

It is an illustration of the way in which ‘ The Thing ’ works by substituting nonsense for sense , so that presently everybody is talking nonsense , and nobody can talk sense any more .
it is an illustration of the way in which ‘ the thing ’ works by [using instead of] nonsense for sense , so that presently everybody is talking nonsense , and nobody can talk sense any more .

He tells it to an Indian friend , and soon ceases to speak the tale in his own language , substituting instead the Indian 's .
he tells it to an indian friend , and soon ceases to speak the tale in his own language , [using instead of] instead the indian 's .

They often use words as tools for influencing public opinion , exaggerating or belittling policy achievements and even substituting for them .
they often use words as tools for influencing public opinion , exaggerating or belittling policy achievements and even [using instead of] for them .

But transgressive reinscription appropriates reaction for resistance , thereby substituting agency for autonomy .
but transgressive reinscription appropriates reaction for resistance , thereby [using instead of] agency for autonomy .

Mr Beeton is considering a range of options to embellish their presentation without substituting fiction for reality .
mr beeton is considering a range of options to embellish their presentation without [using instead of] fiction for reality .

Wives Substituting for Husbands at Training Courses
wives [using instead of] for husbands at training courses

By substituting tar ( like a thick black oil ) for paint , he intends to prompt thoughts about tar as both preservative and something more sinister — a symbolic tarring and feathering of Britain 's homosexuals .
by [using instead of] tar ( like a thick black oil ) for paint , he intends to prompt thoughts about tar as both preservative and something more sinister — a symbolic tarring and feathering of britain 's homosexuals .

Machine detergents used for cleaning aluminium ware are often highly ‘ built ’ omitting caustic soda and substituting sodium metasilicate to reduce corrosive effect .
machine detergents used for cleaning aluminium ware are often highly ‘ built ’ omitting caustic soda and [using instead of] sodium metasilicate to reduce corrosive effect .

Labour proposes to get rid of Trust status hospitals , returning them to local authority control and substituting for the internal market a series of performance agreements boosted by incentives .
labour proposes to get rid of trust status hospitals , returning them to local authority control and [using instead of] for the internal market a series of performance agreements boosted by incentives .

In other words : Average labour cost = ( 3 ) Substituting ( 3 ) into ( 2 ) gives the following expression for average price level : Price =
in other words : average labour cost = ( 3 ) [using instead of] ( 3 ) into ( 2 ) gives the following expression for average price level : price =

Substituting the functional form ( 5 ) into the functional form ( 4 ) gives us the following relationship : ( 6 )
[using instead of] the functional form ( 5 ) into the functional form ( 4 ) gives us the following relationship : ( 6 )

Guidance and encouragement from Helen Blake ( who organised the team and demonstrated her prowess as umpire ) , and some clever tactical substituting between Ben Southall and Patrick Hall resulted in a convincing victory in the final .
guidance and encouragement from helen blake ( who organised the team and demonstrated her prowess as umpire ) , and some clever tactical [using instead of] between ben southall and patrick hall resulted in a convincing victory in the final .

Some alterations have been made to it , such as substituting a cast-iron beam for the original timber one , but it is basically intact as built , and interested visitors can see it on application to the Coal Board 's local area office .
some alterations have been made to it , such as [using instead of] a cast-iron beam for the original timber one , but it is basically intact as built , and interested visitors can see it on application to the coal board 's local area office .

There , speaking in Coleridge 's voice and tactfully substituting Calne for Ottery , he wrote :
there , speaking in coleridge 's voice and tactfully [using instead of] calne for ottery , he wrote :

The author describes himself as ‘ a man of no profession , and following this and every other pursuit through a general and independent love of science , and a desire of substituting its just authority in every part of science to the offensive usurpation of ignorance and imposture ’ .
the author describes himself as ‘ a man of no profession , and following this and every other pursuit through a general and independent love of science , and a desire of [using instead of] its just authority in every part of science to the offensive usurpation of ignorance and imposture ’ .

Sandpaper on the floor of a hole with transparent cellophane on top , substituting for water , is an alternative , with the cellophane held down by pegs or small stones .
sandpaper on the floor of a hole with transparent cellophane on top , [using instead of] for water , is an alternative , with the cellophane held down by pegs or small stones .

Substituting t-butyl hydroperoxide for alloxan in a similar experiment , Clark found as he had hoped , that parasitaemia again dropped radically .
[using instead of] t-butyl hydroperoxide for alloxan in a similar experiment , clark found as he had hoped , that parasitaemia again dropped radically .

The experiment , known as the Isotropic Lead Experiment , involved substituting a special isotope of lead mined at Broken Hill in New south Wales , Australia for the normal additive in all petrol sold in the area .
the experiment , known as the isotropic lead experiment , involved [using instead of] a special isotope of lead mined at broken hill in new south wales , australia for the normal additive in all petrol sold in the area .

Such an approach moves away from the concept of the multiple barrier , substituting isolation and temporary containment followed by dilution and dispersal .
such an approach moves away from the concept of the multiple barrier , [using instead of] isolation and temporary containment followed by dilution and dispersal .

There is now definite evidence that villagers are trying to meet their energy needs by substituting one resource for another — agricultural wastes for firewood , for example .
there is now definite evidence that villagers are trying to meet their energy needs by [using instead of] one resource for another — agricultural wastes for firewood , for example .

Moreover , the reference to the technical abilities needed to build a bridge was directed as a warning against grandiose schemes which lacked a firm technical basis ; and for the need for patient , long-term methods of work , rather than substituting the ‘ shock-troop ’ methods of ‘ war communism ’ for more prosaic means .
moreover , the reference to the technical abilities needed to build a bridge was directed as a warning against grandiose schemes which lacked a firm technical basis ; and for the need for patient , long-term methods of work , rather than [using instead of] the ‘ shock-troop ’ methods of ‘ war communism ’ for more prosaic means .

Meat should not be eaten more than once a day ; and fish is increasingly thought of as healthier — oily fish is useful in the prevention of heart disease and arthritis — and you may feel it is worth substituting fish for meat as a main meal twice a week .
meat should not be eaten more than once a day ; and fish is increasingly thought of as healthier — oily fish is useful in the prevention of heart disease and arthritis — and you may feel it is worth [using instead of] fish for meat as a main meal twice a week .

substituting texts of utterance ,
[using instead of] texts of utterance ,

The Muslims continued the tradition of worship , substituting the “ green prophet ” Elijah for Pan ; and the Crusaders built a town here , very little of which remains .
the muslims continued the tradition of worship , [using instead of] the “ green prophet ” elijah for pan ; and the crusaders built a town here , very little of which remains .

The report will recommend a pilot project of up to two years ' duration to assess the effects of substituting public service for the multi-state law segment of the current bar exam .
the report will recommend a pilot project of up to two years ' duration to assess the effects of [using instead of] public service for the multi-state law segment of the current bar exam .

The total cost for other countries can be estimated by substituting volume and population into the above formula .
the total cost for other countries can be estimated by [using instead of] volume and population into the above formula .

Substituting Equation ( 4 ) into Equations ( 1 ) and ( 2 ) yields : -0.189 ( Pb - Pws ) -0.164 Vb = 28.572 Pb ( 5 ) -0.289 ( Pb - Pws ) 0 .
[using instead of] equation ( 4 ) into equations ( 1 ) and ( 2 ) yields : -0.189 ( pb - pws ) -0.164 vb = 28.572 pb ( 5 ) -0.289 ( pb - pws ) 0 .

Certain passport alteration methods , which included substituting photos and erasing and adding travel cachets , were also taught .
certain passport alteration methods , which included [using instead of] photos and erasing and adding travel cachets , were also taught .

The same effect can be achieved by substituting just the tyrosine with the cysteine at position 261 , such as are found in murine and human CycT1 proteins , respectively [ 13 ] .
the same effect can be achieved by [using instead of] just the tyrosine with the cysteine at position 261 , such as are found in murine and human cyct1 proteins , respectively [ 13 ] .

The expected number of challenges in the control group , , and the vaccinated group , are and Substituting the expected number of challenges for the actual number , we can approximate the statistical power of the repeated low-dose challenge design as Hereby , γ = ( 1/〈η c 〉 + 1/〈η v 〉 ) /2 is the continuity correction .
the expected number of challenges in the control group , , and the vaccinated group , are and [using instead of] the expected number of challenges for the actual number , we can approximate the statistical power of the repeated low-dose challenge design as hereby , γ = ( 1/〈η c 〉 + 1/〈η v 〉 ) /2 is the continuity correction .

Would you write this sentence substituting `` Jewish '' or `` black '' or `` Native American '' ?
would you write this sentence [using instead of] `` jewish '' or `` black '' or `` native american '' ?

A month ago , `` Frame Game '' that Steve Forbes had begun to delete the word `` abortion '' from his comments about abortion , substituting the phrase `` the life issue . ''
a month ago , `` frame game '' that steve forbes had begun to delete the word `` abortion '' from his comments about abortion , [using instead of] the phrase `` the life issue . ''

Bystanders are mowed down , innocent people are blown away , cars go careening down twisty French streets , and Frankenheimer just keeps barreling ahead , substituting noise and brutality for a point of view .
bystanders are mowed down , innocent people are blown away , cars go careening down twisty french streets , and frankenheimer just keeps barreling ahead , [using instead of] noise and brutality for a point of view .

Bill and Hillary Clinton are on the campaign trail , accusing Republicans of substituting partisan impeachment proceedings for legislation to address the nation 's ills .
bill and hillary clinton are on the campaign trail , accusing republicans of [using instead of] partisan impeachment proceedings for legislation to address the nation 's ills .

The problem with this production : Prince sets Candide in a traveling carnival and includes elaborate stunts like artificial flying falcons , thereby substituting `` spectacle ... for satire ... without an iota of anarchy or inspiration , '' says The New Yorker 's John Lahr .
the problem with this production : prince sets candide in a traveling carnival and includes elaborate stunts like artificial flying falcons , thereby [using instead of] `` spectacle ... for satire ... without an iota of anarchy or inspiration , '' says the new yorker 's john lahr .

We are substituting the means of today -- CD-ROMs , the Internet , books -- to get the message out .
we are [using instead of] the means of today -- cd-roms , the internet , books -- to get the message out .

Indignant Joyceans also quarrel with Rose for fiddling with Joyce 's use of dialect ( substituting `` Cor blimey '' for `` God blimey '' ) and slicing the `` Oxen of the Sun '' chapter into 11 separate sections .
indignant joyceans also quarrel with rose for fiddling with joyce 's use of dialect ( [using instead of] `` cor blimey '' for `` god blimey '' ) and slicing the `` oxen of the sun '' chapter into 11 separate sections .

As two soldiers mounted on a motorcycle and cab push inexorably into the frigid landscape -- with flour substituting for snow -- there 's an uneasy mix of the trompe l'oeil and the trumped up .
as two soldiers mounted on a motorcycle and cab push inexorably into the frigid landscape -- with flour [using instead of] for snow -- there 's an uneasy mix of the trompe l'oeil and the trumped up .

Licklider got rid of the fanciful war games , substituting something that must have sounded equally bizarre -- the creation of an `` Intergalactic Network . ''
licklider got rid of the fanciful war games , [using instead of] something that must have sounded equally bizarre -- the creation of an `` intergalactic network . ''

The Senate wanted rules that would prevent governors from substituting the federal money for existing state spending .
the senate wanted rules that would prevent governors from [using instead of] the federal money for existing state spending .

You might say that he does something similar with secularized voters as well , substituting his personal sense of compassion for the kind of policies that could do something to help the poor .
you might say that he does something similar with secularized voters as well , [using instead of] his personal sense of compassion for the kind of policies that could do something to help the poor .

He wants to convince Democrats that Bradley , by substituting partial subsidies for guaranteed benefits , would gut the public health-care system as well as the public education system .
he wants to convince democrats that bradley , by [using instead of] partial subsidies for guaranteed benefits , would gut the public health-care system as well as the public education system .

Rather than defend the idea of substituting vouchers for government control of schools , Bradley insisted that the two options are compatible .
rather than defend the idea of [using instead of] vouchers for government control of schools , bradley insisted that the two options are compatible .

Beyond substituting spacecraft for sailing ships , it was n't much of a reach .
beyond [using instead of] spacecraft for sailing ships , it was n't much of a reach .

Since your Appalachian epithet would seem authoritative ( I can not imagine Prudie substituting a different ethnic group in her admonition ) , would you please document the claim ?
since your appalachian epithet would seem authoritative ( i can not imagine prudie [using instead of] a different ethnic group in her admonition ) , would you please document the claim ?

While agreeing that the United States should change the embargo policy , the pope blasted Castro 's government for 1 ) tolerating abortions and divorces ; 2 ) usurping parents ' authority to direct their children 's education ; and 3 ) substituting `` ideology '' for Christianity .
while agreeing that the united states should change the embargo policy , the pope blasted castro 's government for 1 ) tolerating abortions and divorces ; 2 ) usurping parents ' authority to direct their children 's education ; and 3 ) [using instead of] `` ideology '' for christianity .

This is not simply a matter of substituting Chinese for British vested interests .
this is not simply a matter of [using instead of] chinese for british vested interests .

I had some fun substituting the program 's words in my sentences and in simple sentences , too .
i had some fun [using instead of] the program 's words in my sentences and in simple sentences , too .

I refuse , out of conservatism and sheer curmudgeonliness to give up English grammar ( like the “ neutral ” pronouns of reference ) when I can not paraphrase without losing what little elegance there may be in my writing , and I refuse to sacrifice metonyms , metaphors , allusions , and other figures of speech that contain male referents , substituting “ big liar ” for Baron Munchhausen and “ Peeping Thomasina ” for Peeping Tom or trying to get around saying or writing Pollyanna , say uncle , raise Cain , or Jesus Christ !
i refuse , out of conservatism and sheer curmudgeonliness to give up english grammar ( like the “ neutral ” pronouns of reference ) when i can not paraphrase without losing what little elegance there may be in my writing , and i refuse to sacrifice metonyms , metaphors , allusions , and other figures of speech that contain male referents , [using instead of] “ big liar ” for baron munchhausen and “ peeping thomasina ” for peeping tom or trying to get around saying or writing pollyanna , say uncle , raise cain , or jesus christ !

Linguistically speaking , an anti-language is formed by a process of relexicalization , which is substituting new words for old .
linguistically speaking , an anti-language is formed by a process of relexicalization , which is [using instead of] new words for old .

The lips took away the duty of the tongue by substituting an m for an n .
the lips took away the duty of the tongue by [using instead of] an m for an n .

I had some fun substituting the program 's words in my sentences and in simple sentences , too .
i had some fun [using instead of] the program 's words in my sentences and in simple sentences , too .

