It is the 1919 version which is most often played , and it offers a beautiful synopsis of ‘ The Firebird 's ’ magical music .
it is the 1919 version which is most often played , and it offers a beautiful [summary] of ‘ the firebird 's ’ magical music .

And while it is easy enough for an experienced journalist to write that synopsis from memory ( checking for the elusive name of Software Arts and making sure that it really was PrairieTek that vanished last year ) , it would take a deal of research and above all deep thought to put together a dissertation on why things panned out the way they did , the fatal mistakes , the good decisions that each company made to achieve triumph or disaster , or both in quick succession .
and while it is easy enough for an experienced journalist to write that [summary] from memory ( checking for the elusive name of software arts and making sure that it really was prairietek that vanished last year ) , it would take a deal of research and above all deep thought to put together a dissertation on why things panned out the way they did , the fatal mistakes , the good decisions that each company made to achieve triumph or disaster , or both in quick succession .

or a synopsis of leeks ,
or a [summary] of leeks ,

The Aasen band provided music , the local choir , including young children , sang for us , Trygve Lian , chairman of the organising committee , presented a slide show of local views and after all the veterans had been introduced with a brief synopsis of their parts in the raids , speeches and presentations were made .
the aasen band provided music , the local choir , including young children , sang for us , trygve lian , chairman of the organising committee , presented a slide show of local views and after all the veterans had been introduced with a brief [summary] of their parts in the raids , speeches and presentations were made .

This could be done through questions , by building up a diagram of some kind , by giving a synopsis with gaps in it , or simply by giving a resume in the learner 's native language .
this could be done through questions , by building up a diagram of some kind , by giving a [summary] with gaps in it , or simply by giving a resume in the learner 's native language .

When Richard Denyer first began knocking on doors in the book publishing world , with the synopsis of a photographic essay on the Norfolk Broads in his hand , he found himself facing something of an image problem .
when richard denyer first began knocking on doors in the book publishing world , with the [summary] of a photographic essay on the norfolk broads in his hand , he found himself facing something of an image problem .

It may be useful at this stage to attempt a schematic synopsis of some of the points raised in the preceding discussion , a map showing certain potentially fruitful sites of struggle .
it may be useful at this stage to attempt a schematic [summary] of some of the points raised in the preceding discussion , a map showing certain potentially fruitful sites of struggle .

Synopsis :
[summary] :

Synopsis :
[summary] :

Kneale read the synopsis but felt the format too whimsical to fit his much grimmer style of writing .
kneale read the [summary] but felt the format too whimsical to fit his much grimmer style of writing .

Synopsis :
[summary] :

Synopsis :
[summary] :

Synopsis :
[summary] :

Synopsis :
[summary] :

Synopsis :
[summary] :

Synopsis :
[summary] :

Synopsis :
[summary] :

Synopsis :
[summary] :

Allied Breweries brands marketing controller Liz Morgan agrees with Karsten 's marketing synopsis but naturally replaces Clausthaler with Allied 's Swan Light in her list of survivors .
allied breweries brands marketing controller liz morgan agrees with karsten 's marketing [summary] but naturally replaces clausthaler with allied 's swan light in her list of survivors .

In synopsis the new play sounds rather like his best-known work , Noises Off .
in [summary] the new play sounds rather like his best-known work , noises off .

Synopsis of training
[summary] of training

His tract on the sine law was published posthumously as part of Marin Mersenne 's Universae Geometriae Synopsis ( 1644 ) .
his tract on the sine law was published posthumously as part of marin mersenne 's universae geometriae [summary] ( 1644 ) .

On the basis of a synopsis of Company Man , an account of ‘ the evolution of the social phenomenon of the 20th century ’ , Michael Sissons received three bids at the same level , from HarperCollins , Heinemann and Random House .
on the basis of a [summary] of company man , an account of ‘ the evolution of the social phenomenon of the 20th century ’ , michael sissons received three bids at the same level , from harpercollins , heinemann and random house .

Subject : Leeds Synopsis .
subject : leeds [summary] .

It covers similar material , ‘ in synopsis ’ , via items in small display cases accompanied by text .
it covers similar material , ‘ in [summary] ’ , via items in small display cases accompanied by text .

Browne has noted that the early drafts he received , together with a synopsis of the action , already suggested the shape of the complete play — quite unlike the false starts and extensive rewriting which had been Eliot 's procedure in his earlier work ; Browne explained this in terms of his `` greater self-confidence as a playwright `` .
browne has noted that the early drafts he received , together with a [summary] of the action , already suggested the shape of the complete play — quite unlike the false starts and extensive rewriting which had been eliot 's procedure in his earlier work ; browne explained this in terms of his `` greater self-confidence as a playwright `` .

Loss of deposit or cancellation charges up to the total ( excluding the insurance premiums ) holiday invoice cost due to Amsterdam Travel Service as a result of cancellation due to illness or injury , etc as specified in the insurance synopsis .
loss of deposit or cancellation charges up to the total ( excluding the insurance premiums ) holiday invoice cost due to amsterdam travel service as a result of cancellation due to illness or injury , etc as specified in the insurance [summary] .

Because your synopsis , structure and timetable are the keys to a successful project , they should be given priority attention .
because your [summary] , structure and timetable are the keys to a successful project , they should be given priority attention .

Summary , which provides a one-page synopsis , encapsulating the heart of the report .
summary , which provides a one-page [summary] , encapsulating the heart of the report .

Synopsis Harry , aged twelve , has been abandoned in London .
[summary] harry , aged twelve , has been abandoned in london .

They had a real purpose ; here is a synopsis of your comments and our responses :
they had a real purpose ; here is a [summary] of your comments and our responses :

We will seek the directors ' approval to contact the short-listed parties and will provide an anonymous one page synopsis of the company for the first approach .
we will seek the directors ' approval to contact the short-listed parties and will provide an anonymous one page [summary] of the company for the first approach .

The approved parties will receive a one page anonymous synopsis of the opportunity and will be asked to sign a standard form of confidentiality undertaking prior to receiving the Information memorandum .
the approved parties will receive a one page anonymous [summary] of the opportunity and will be asked to sign a standard form of confidentiality undertaking prior to receiving the information memorandum .

It is more than an atlas : it is a superbly illustrated synopsis of the characteristics of the major tropical diseases , their infective agents , their ecology , their life cycles and their vectors … probably the best value for money for anyone interested in obtaining an illustrated guide to tropical medicine and medical parasitology . ``
it is more than an atlas : it is a superbly illustrated [summary] of the characteristics of the major tropical diseases , their infective agents , their ecology , their life cycles and their vectors … probably the best value for money for anyone interested in obtaining an illustrated guide to tropical medicine and medical parasitology . ``

Synopsis
[summary]

Most are commissioned but suggestions are welcome in the form of a one-page synopsis addressed to the Reviews Coordinator .
most are commissioned but suggestions are welcome in the form of a one-page [summary] addressed to the reviews coordinator .

Some are commissioned but suggestions can be made to the Commentary Editor in the form of one-page synopsis .
some are commissioned but suggestions can be made to the commentary editor in the form of one-page [summary] .

Gould was well aware of the descriptive shortcomings of his synopsis — Mere was simply not enough information available on Australian birds — but , cautious as ever , he needed to prove the strength of the market before committing himself to the ‘ grander work in prospect ’ .
gould was well aware of the descriptive shortcomings of his [summary] — mere was simply not enough information available on australian birds — but , cautious as ever , he needed to prove the strength of the market before committing himself to the ‘ grander work in prospect ’ .

In the event , so encouraging was the reception of his synopsis , so fertile the ground for his proposed work , that Gould was incited to commit an uncharacteristic error of rashness .
in the event , so encouraging was the reception of his [summary] , so fertile the ground for his proposed work , that gould was incited to commit an uncharacteristic error of rashness .

You had better get Fisher to plain [ sic ] a very thin teak board the size of the large books for protection , and a common book cover from the work room will do for the protection of the other side , spreading the four parts of the Synopsis over and sealing the whole in brown paper .
you had better get fisher to plain [ sic ] a very thin teak board the size of the large books for protection , and a common book cover from the work room will do for the protection of the other side , spreading the four parts of the [summary] over and sealing the whole in brown paper .

He urged on me the need to embark on a full-sized book , and to send him a synopsis as soon as possible .
he urged on me the need to embark on a full-sized book , and to send him a [summary] as soon as possible .

by writing an initial synopsis ) .
by writing an initial [summary] ) .

As in the case of the title , it is of course , possible — and sometimes necessary — to change the synopsis as you progress .
as in the case of the title , it is of course , possible — and sometimes necessary — to change the [summary] as you progress .

Rather than pursuing the discussion at an abstract level , it seems sensible to give here a brief synopsis of a selection of French fabliaux which can be regarded as highly typical of the genre , and which represent a range of subtypes within the genre : tales of sensual appetite or greed , adultery and fornication , sexual naivety and sexual fetishism ; a tale of robbers , the macabre joke of the corpse that apparently either can not or will not lie still , and a lavatorial tale of turds .
rather than pursuing the discussion at an abstract level , it seems sensible to give here a brief [summary] of a selection of french fabliaux which can be regarded as highly typical of the genre , and which represent a range of subtypes within the genre : tales of sensual appetite or greed , adultery and fornication , sexual naivety and sexual fetishism ; a tale of robbers , the macabre joke of the corpse that apparently either can not or will not lie still , and a lavatorial tale of turds .

But the synopsis that he offers of his tale : is unmistakably that of a fabliau , and with the target figure appearing as a regular element within the fabliau it is understandable that the Reeve , a carpenter , should anticipate an attack upon himself : Fabliaux are thoroughly suitable textual weapons for the two churls , the Miller and the Reeve , to beat each other over the head with .
but the [summary] that he offers of his tale : is unmistakably that of a fabliau , and with the target figure appearing as a regular element within the fabliau it is understandable that the reeve , a carpenter , should anticipate an attack upon himself : fabliaux are thoroughly suitable textual weapons for the two churls , the miller and the reeve , to beat each other over the head with .

The Smiths are a synopsis of pain , a resolution — awkwardness and alienation ennobled , given poise .
the smiths are a [summary] of pain , a resolution — awkwardness and alienation ennobled , given poise .

With a specialised market it 's quite appropriate to approach any publisher you think is likely to be interested ( your training should have taught you which publishers specialise in your field ) with a synopsis and sample chapter .
with a specialised market it 's quite appropriate to approach any publisher you think is likely to be interested ( your training should have taught you which publishers specialise in your field ) with a [summary] and sample chapter .

As well as outlining this structure in the body of his text , Cornford supplied summary outlines of the plays in a ‘ Synopsis of the Extant Plays ’ .
as well as outlining this structure in the body of his text , cornford supplied summary outlines of the plays in a ‘ [summary] of the extant plays ’ .

Locked in a marriage with a wife who showed increasing signs of mental instability and whose health constantly brought her to the point of death , exhausted in his work and fearing for his own life and sanity , Eliot 's view of relations between the sexes is at its bleakest , as is shown not least in the epigraphs , which were originally further universalized by including ( in the draft synopsis ) ,
locked in a marriage with a wife who showed increasing signs of mental instability and whose health constantly brought her to the point of death , exhausted in his work and fearing for his own life and sanity , eliot 's view of relations between the sexes is at its bleakest , as is shown not least in the epigraphs , which were originally further universalized by including ( in the draft [summary] ) ,

This is not so much in narrative coherence — the programme book gave the complete synopsis — as in dramatic timing .
this is not so much in narrative coherence — the programme book gave the complete [summary] — as in dramatic timing .

Similarly Massine interpreted Berlioz 's own synopsis for the Symphonie Fantastique .
similarly massine interpreted berlioz 's own [summary] for the symphonie fantastique .

Synopsis in Table Form
[summary] in table form

Using her natural talents Miss Drew provided would-be subscribers to the ‘ postal porn service ’ with a synopsis of the productions .
using her natural talents miss drew provided would-be subscribers to the ‘ postal porn service ’ with a [summary] of the productions .

The lecture method has the great disadvantage that the speed of delivery of information can not be controlled by the receiver , and repetition is not possible unless printed handouts are provided , the student manages to write a synopsis , or some recording is made of the actual lecture .
the lecture method has the great disadvantage that the speed of delivery of information can not be controlled by the receiver , and repetition is not possible unless printed handouts are provided , the student manages to write a [summary] , or some recording is made of the actual lecture .

Sulfur oxides , particulates , and human mortality : synopsis of statistical correlations .
sulfur oxides , particulates , and human mortality : [summary] of statistical correlations .

As we clearly state in our paper [ 1 ] ( and is also stated in the synopsis [ 3 ] ) , we developed a model that policy makers can use to make decisions regarding how to achieve the optimal allocation of scarce antiretrovirals among the available health-care facilities ( HCFs ) if the objective is to ensure treatment equity .
as we clearly state in our paper [ 1 ] ( and is also stated in the [summary] [ 3 ] ) , we developed a model that policy makers can use to make decisions regarding how to achieve the optimal allocation of scarce antiretrovirals among the available health-care facilities ( hcfs ) if the objective is to ensure treatment equity .

The LAT highlights the improbable assertions by Betty Currie , President Clinton 's secretary , that despite hiding in the Oval Office bathroom during one of the Clinton-Lewinsky encounters ( according to a synopsis of Tripp 's account ) , she remained uncertain about the nature of the encounters : `` I had a feeling , but I had nothing to base it on other than a gut . ''
the lat highlights the improbable assertions by betty currie , president clinton 's secretary , that despite hiding in the oval office bathroom during one of the clinton-lewinsky encounters ( according to a [summary] of tripp 's account ) , she remained uncertain about the nature of the encounters : `` i had a feeling , but i had nothing to base it on other than a gut . ''

A synopsis : In the 1930s , Kazan got his start in the Group Theater , a left-wing theater troupe that was home to the legendary directors Lee Strasberg and Harold Clurman , as well as the radical playwright Clifford Odets .
a [summary] : in the 1930s , kazan got his start in the group theater , a left-wing theater troupe that was home to the legendary directors lee strasberg and harold clurman , as well as the radical playwright clifford odets .

In the interest of veracity , a couple of corrections to your rather inaccurate synopsis of Richard Russo 's Straight Man in `` Summary Judgment '' ( which , naturally , makes me wonder about that feature 's synopses of those books , movies , etc. , that I have n't read ) .
in the interest of veracity , a couple of corrections to your rather inaccurate [summary] of richard russo 's straight man in `` summary judgment '' ( which , naturally , makes me wonder about that feature 's synopses of those books , movies , etc. , that i have n't read ) .

Reefer : A brief front-page synopsis of a story that appears inside the paper .
reefer : a brief front-page [summary] of a story that appears inside the paper .

Iowe Burn Rate a better synopsis , if only to excavate the psychopathology that runs through it like a sewer .
iowe burn rate a better [summary] , if only to excavate the psychopathology that runs through it like a sewer .

Here 's the synopsis : In the first scene , a Republican trots onto the stage and declares himself mortally offended by some bit of raunchiness connected to the National Endowment for the Arts .
here 's the [summary] : in the first scene , a republican trots onto the stage and declares himself mortally offended by some bit of raunchiness connected to the national endowment for the arts .

I am indebted to Edward Goldfrank , my coauthor on the Boston Basin Bicycle Book , for bringing to my attention this tidy cosmological synopsis ( personal communication , late 1970s ) .
i am indebted to edward goldfrank , my coauthor on the boston basin bicycle book , for bringing to my attention this tidy cosmological [summary] ( personal communication , late 1970s ) .

Before I try , let me give a quick synopsis of the project for those who are n't already familiar with it .
before i try , let me give a quick [summary] of the project for those who are n't already familiar with it .

