Under his supervision , the state fire-fighting agency developed such techniques as plowing of fire lines and established a fleet of tractor plows and tractor units for fire fighting .
under his supervision , the state fire-fighting agency developed such [ways] as plowing of fire lines and established a fleet of tractor plows and tractor units for fire fighting .

A prepared statement released by the student group Friday stated that `` extensive research by COAHR into techniques and methods of theater integration in other cities indicated that the presence of picket lines and stand-ins before segregated theaters causes a drop in profits ''
a prepared statement released by the student group friday stated that `` extensive research by coahr into [ways] and methods of theater integration in other cities indicated that the presence of picket lines and stand-ins before segregated theaters causes a drop in profits ''

The English schools preceded ours , and by the time we got into it they had learned a lot about the techniques of propaganda and its teaching .
the english schools preceded ours , and by the time we got into it they had learned a lot about the [ways] of propaganda and its teaching .

Both techniques give the music purity and clarity .
both [ways] give the music purity and clarity .

They serve to contradict a popular notion that the Comedie merely repeats , as accurately as possible , the techniques of acting the classics that prevailed in the 17th century .
they serve to contradict a popular notion that the comedie merely repeats , as accurately as possible , the [ways] of acting the classics that prevailed in the 17th century .

For 10 years Sponsor has issued an annual survey of the size and characteristics of the Negro market and of successful techniques for reaching this market through radio .
for 10 years sponsor has issued an annual survey of the size and characteristics of the negro market and of successful [ways] for reaching this market through radio .

Race-drivers , on the other hand , are quite often killed on the circuit , and since it was obviously Mr. Remarque's intention to establish automobile racing as life in microcosm , one might reasonably have expected him to demonstrate precise knowledge not only of techniques but of mores and attitudes .
race-drivers , on the other hand , are quite often killed on the circuit , and since it was obviously mr. remarque's intention to establish automobile racing as life in microcosm , one might reasonably have expected him to demonstrate precise knowledge not only of [ways] but of mores and attitudes .

And in the wake of the new affluence and the new techniques of processing comes a new American interest in how what people eat affects their health .
and in the wake of the new affluence and the new [ways] of processing comes a new american interest in how what people eat affects their health .

in conducting the Membership Preparation-Inquirers' Class , the pastor should plan a variety of teaching techniques in order to develop greater interest on the part of the class .
in conducting the membership preparation-inquirers' class , the pastor should plan a variety of teaching [ways] in order to develop greater interest on the part of the class .

They and others employed some of Finney's techniques as they sought to win adherents to the cause .
they and others employed some of finney's [ways] as they sought to win adherents to the cause .

experiment with defects for decoration techniques of glazes and colors ) .
experiment with defects for decoration [ways] of glazes and colors ) .

With modern techniques of woodworking and the multitude of cutting tools , fixtures , and attachments available , the drill press has become a basic home workshop tool .
with modern [ways] of woodworking and the multitude of cutting tools , fixtures , and attachments available , the drill press has become a basic home workshop tool .

New simplified packaged units , recently devised prefabricated glass-fiber ducts , and improved add-on techniques make it possible to acquire a system for an 1800-square-foot house for as little as $600 to $900 .
new simplified packaged units , recently devised prefabricated glass-fiber ducts , and improved add-on [ways] make it possible to acquire a system for an 1800-square-foot house for as little as $600 to $900 .

But it did teach Roy the basic techniques of commercial art , and later , for twelve years , he and his sister Nina conducted an advertising art studio in Philadelphia .
but it did teach roy the basic [ways] of commercial art , and later , for twelve years , he and his sister nina conducted an advertising art studio in philadelphia .

We have noted how some electronic techniques , developed for the defense effort , have evenutally been used in commerce and industry .
we have noted how some electronic [ways] , developed for the defense effort , have evenutally been used in commerce and industry .

From the wealth of material and the wide variety of different electronic techniques perfected in the past few years we have selected a few examples which appear to be headed for use in the immediate future and which offer completely new tools in medical research .
from the wealth of material and the wide variety of different electronic [ways] perfected in the past few years we have selected a few examples which appear to be headed for use in the immediate future and which offer completely new tools in medical research .

Heart-measuring techniques
heart-measuring [ways]

The original electrocardiograph primarily indicates irregularities in the heartbeat , but today's techniques allow exact measurements of the flow of blood through the aorta , dimensioning of the heart and its chambers , and a much more detailed study of each heartbeat .
the original electrocardiograph primarily indicates irregularities in the heartbeat , but today's [ways] allow exact measurements of the flow of blood through the aorta , dimensioning of the heart and its chambers , and a much more detailed study of each heartbeat .

A group of researchers at the University of Washington have given a paper which briefly outlines some of these techniques .
a group of researchers at the university of washington have given a paper which briefly outlines some of these [ways] .

In medicine the frequencies are much higher , transducers and the sonar beams themselves are much smaller , and different scanning techniques may be used , but the principles involved are the same as in sonar .
in medicine the frequencies are much higher , transducers and the sonar beams themselves are much smaller , and different scanning [ways] may be used , but the principles involved are the same as in sonar .

Many companies have upgraded their sales manpower and tested new selling , distribution , and promotion techniques to gain a bigger competitive edge .
many companies have upgraded their sales manpower and tested new selling , distribution , and promotion [ways] to gain a bigger competitive edge .

Proper follow-through requires training your own sales organization , and your distributor organizations , not only in the techniques but also in good customer relations .
proper follow-through requires training your own sales organization , and your distributor organizations , not only in the [ways] but also in good customer relations .

Have you carefully examined the selling techniques which best suit your products ? ?
have you carefully examined the selling [ways] which best suit your products ? ?

Are there other , cheaper communications techniques that could be substituted ? ?
are there other , cheaper communications [ways] that could be substituted ? ?

The remedies have been many and varied -- attempts to teach management techniques -- either in plant , at special schools , or in university `` crash '' courses -- provision of management-trained assistants or associates .
the remedies have been many and varied -- attempts to teach management [ways] -- either in plant , at special schools , or in university `` crash '' courses -- provision of management-trained assistants or associates .

and the reverse-surface decorating techniques now used for escutcheons , medallions , etc. , owes much to the field , as does the technology of designing with the light-transmitting properties of the transparent plastics .
and the reverse-surface decorating [ways] now used for escutcheons , medallions , etc. , owes much to the field , as does the technology of designing with the light-transmitting properties of the transparent plastics .

Advances in equipment and fabrication techniques give the sign or display manufacturer an extremely wide choice of production techniques , ranging from injection molding for intricate , smaller-size , mass-production signs ( generally 5000 units is the minimum ) to vacuum and pressure forming for larger signs of limited runs .
advances in equipment and fabrication [ways] give the sign or display manufacturer an extremely wide choice of production [ways] , ranging from injection molding for intricate , smaller-size , mass-production signs ( generally 5000 units is the minimum ) to vacuum and pressure forming for larger signs of limited runs .

Often , the finished sign or display incorporates several types of plastics and two or more fabricating techniques .
often , the finished sign or display incorporates several types of plastics and two or more fabricating [ways] .

For large letters , e.g. thermoformed of acrylic or butyrate , there are other techniques .
for large letters , e.g. thermoformed of acrylic or butyrate , there are other [ways] .

This , for obvious reasons , makes their techniques superbly useful in studying the psychiatric interview , so useful , in fact , that they have been successfully used to suggest ways to speed diagnosis and to evaluate the progress of therapy .
this , for obvious reasons , makes their [ways] superbly useful in studying the psychiatric interview , so useful , in fact , that they have been successfully used to suggest ways to speed diagnosis and to evaluate the progress of therapy .

By adding a systematic analysis with symbols to the typed transcripts of interviews , they have supplied a new set of techniques for the therapist .
by adding a systematic analysis with symbols to the typed transcripts of interviews , they have supplied a new set of [ways] for the therapist .

Interestingly enough -- although none of the real-life therapists involved could conceivably compare with Blauberman -- when groups of them began playing back interviews , they discovered any number of ways in which they wanted to polish their own interview techniques ; ;
interestingly enough -- although none of the real-life therapists involved could conceivably compare with blauberman -- when groups of them began playing back interviews , they discovered any number of ways in which they wanted to polish their own interview [ways] ; ;

In a climate hostile to agriculture , Mr. Clark has had to keep alert to the most productive farm techniques .
in a climate hostile to agriculture , mr. clark has had to keep alert to the most productive farm [ways] .

We have also developed techniques for recognizing and locating underground nuclear tests through the waves in the ground which they generate .
we have also developed [ways] for recognizing and locating underground nuclear tests through the waves in the ground which they generate .

American chemists , seeking to increase exports of soybeans , have adapted modern techniques and fermentation methods to improve their use in such traditional Japanese foods as tofu and miso and in tempeh of Indonesia .
american chemists , seeking to increase exports of soybeans , have adapted modern [ways] and fermentation methods to improve their use in such traditional japanese foods as tofu and miso and in tempeh of indonesia .

Melies , however , out of his professional instincts as a magician , discovered and made use of a number of illusionary techniques that remain part of the vocabulary of film .
melies , however , out of his professional instincts as a magician , discovered and made use of a number of illusionary [ways] that remain part of the vocabulary of film .

The effort produced a valuable record of stage techniques in the early years of the century and some interesting records of great theater figures who would otherwise be only names .
the effort produced a valuable record of stage [ways] in the early years of the century and some interesting records of great theater figures who would otherwise be only names .

In the most confidential whispers ambassadors told of techniques they had tried to bring Rooney around -- friendly persuasion , groveling abasement , pressure subtly exerted through other powerful congressmen , tales of heartbreak and penury among a threadbare diplomatic corps .
in the most confidential whispers ambassadors told of [ways] they had tried to bring rooney around -- friendly persuasion , groveling abasement , pressure subtly exerted through other powerful congressmen , tales of heartbreak and penury among a threadbare diplomatic corps .

On the face of it , it is because he employs deductive techniques alien to official police routine .
on the face of it , it is because he employs deductive [ways] alien to official police routine .

His repeated experimentation with the techniques of fiction testifies to an independence of mind and an originality of approach , but it also shows him touching at many points the stream of literary development back of him .
his repeated experimentation with the [ways] of fiction testifies to an independence of mind and an originality of approach , but it also shows him touching at many points the stream of literary development back of him .

De Revolutionibus is not just a collection of facts and techniques .
de revolutionibus is not just a collection of facts and [ways] .

In sum , it can be said that the techniques and standards of present day have their origin at the turn of the century .
in sum , it can be said that the [ways] and standards of present day have their origin at the turn of the century .

Both abolition of war and new techniques of production , particularly robot factories , greatly increase the world's wealth , a situation described in the following passage , which has the true utopian ring : `` Everything was so cheap that the necessities of life were free , provided as a public service by the community , as roads , water , street lighting and drainage had once been .
both abolition of war and new [ways] of production , particularly robot factories , greatly increase the world's wealth , a situation described in the following passage , which has the true utopian ring : `` everything was so cheap that the necessities of life were free , provided as a public service by the community , as roads , water , street lighting and drainage had once been .

Pohl and Kornbluth's ad men have long since thrown out appeals to reason and developed techniques of advertising which tie in with `` every basic trauma and neurosis in American life '' , which work on the libido of consumers , which are linked to the `` great prime motivations of the human spirit '' .
pohl and kornbluth's ad men have long since thrown out appeals to reason and developed [ways] of advertising which tie in with `` every basic trauma and neurosis in american life '' , which work on the libido of consumers , which are linked to the `` great prime motivations of the human spirit '' .

Only a very few of the more advanced ones , such as India and Pakistan , have developed systematic techniques of programing .
only a very few of the more advanced ones , such as india and pakistan , have developed systematic [ways] of programing .

it is only a matter of adjusting accounting methods , careful fiscal planning and management , or some like combination of techniques .
it is only a matter of adjusting accounting methods , careful fiscal planning and management , or some like combination of [ways] .

evaluation of histochemical techniques ; ;
evaluation of histochemical [ways] ; ;

Three hundred five copies of the Manual Of Macropathological Techniques were distributed .
three hundred five copies of the manual of macropathological [ways] were distributed .

The programs in infrared spectroscopy are undergoing reorientation toward wavelength standards in the far infrared , the application of infrared techniques to solid state studies , and increased emphasis on high resolution instrumentation .
the programs in infrared spectroscopy are undergoing reorientation toward wavelength standards in the far infrared , the application of infrared [ways] to solid state studies , and increased emphasis on high resolution instrumentation .

New computer and automation techniques were applied to these spectra with considerable success .
new computer and automation [ways] were applied to these spectra with considerable success .

This can be accomplished substantially by a continued trend toward better facilities and techniques for fire control and more resources to cope with critical fire periods , and a more intensive application of a program of prevention , detection , and control of insect and disease infestations .
this can be accomplished substantially by a continued trend toward better facilities and [ways] for fire control and more resources to cope with critical fire periods , and a more intensive application of a program of prevention , detection , and control of insect and disease infestations .

Adoption and use of new and modern techniques being developed for prevention , for suppression of fires while small , and for stopping large fires while running and burning intensely .
adoption and use of new and modern [ways] being developed for prevention , for suppression of fires while small , and for stopping large fires while running and burning intensely .

Since then , there has been a notable increase in the number of stations and also the accumulation of additional data and the development of new techniques for using it , leading to a better understanding of propagation phenomena .
since then , there has been a notable increase in the number of stations and also the accumulation of additional data and the development of new [ways] for using it , leading to a better understanding of propagation phenomena .

In spite of this , the very large radio reflectors and improved amplifying techniques which are now becoming available should make it possible to observe the radio emission of most of the planets in a few years .
in spite of this , the very large radio reflectors and improved amplifying [ways] which are now becoming available should make it possible to observe the radio emission of most of the planets in a few years .

Observations have also been made at 1.5 mm using optical techniques ( Sinton , 1955 , 1956 , ; ;
observations have also been made at 1.5 mm using optical [ways] ( sinton , 1955 , 1956 , ; ;

Much new equipment and many unique techniques have been developed for the quantitative exposure of experimental animals to aerosols of infectious agents contained in particles of specified dimensional characteristics .
much new equipment and many unique [ways] have been developed for the quantitative exposure of experimental animals to aerosols of infectious agents contained in particles of specified dimensional characteristics .

Much information has been gathered relative to quantitative sampling and assesment techniques .
much information has been gathered relative to quantitative sampling and assesment [ways] .

A variety of techniques have been directed toward the isolation and study of blood group antibodies .
a variety of [ways] have been directed toward the isolation and study of blood group antibodies .

The activities of fractions of sera containing Rh antibodies were tested by the saline , albumin and indirect Coombs techniques .
the activities of fractions of sera containing rh antibodies were tested by the saline , albumin and indirect coombs [ways] .

After their work other investigators applied salt-fractionation techniques to the problem , as well as fractionation with organic solvents , such as acetone .
after their work other investigators applied salt-fractionation [ways] to the problem , as well as fractionation with organic solvents , such as acetone .

In the last few years , the application of chromatographic and other modern techniques to the problem of isolating TSH has led to further purification ( Bates and Condliffe , 1960 ; ;
in the last few years , the application of chromatographic and other modern [ways] to the problem of isolating tsh has led to further purification ( bates and condliffe , 1960 ; ;

In steering the family toward ego-adaptive and away from maladaptive responses , the worker uses time-honored focused casework techniques of specific emotional support , clarification , and anticipatory guidance .
in steering the family toward ego-adaptive and away from maladaptive responses , the worker uses time-honored focused casework [ways] of specific emotional support , clarification , and anticipatory guidance .

Though there is obviously nothing new about these techniques , they do challenge the worker's skill to articulate them precisely on the spot and on the basis of quick and accurate diagnostic assessments .
though there is obviously nothing new about these [ways] , they do challenge the worker's skill to articulate them precisely on the spot and on the basis of quick and accurate diagnostic assessments .

While expensive in time and involving a great deal of adaptation on the part of the worker ( in terms of his willingness to leave the sanctity of his office and enter actively into the client's life ) , techniques of accompaniment were found to be of tremendous value when in the service of specific preventive objectives .
while expensive in time and involving a great deal of adaptation on the part of the worker ( in terms of his willingness to leave the sanctity of his office and enter actively into the client's life ) , [ways] of accompaniment were found to be of tremendous value when in the service of specific preventive objectives .

Finally , whatever the techniques used , a twin goal is common to all preventive casework service : to cushion or reduce the force of the stress impact while at the same time to encourage and support family members to mobilize and use their ego capacities .
finally , whatever the [ways] used , a twin goal is common to all preventive casework service : to cushion or reduce the force of the stress impact while at the same time to encourage and support family members to mobilize and use their ego capacities .

Moreover , the shortage of treatment resources and the chronically persistent shortage of mental health manpower force us to innovate additional refinements of preventive intervention techniques to make services more widely available -- and on a more effective basis to more people .
moreover , the shortage of treatment resources and the chronically persistent shortage of mental health manpower force us to innovate additional refinements of preventive intervention [ways] to make services more widely available -- and on a more effective basis to more people .

The goal will be to provide the reader with an integrated rationale to aid him in applying roleplaying techniques in this unique training area .
the goal will be to provide the reader with an integrated rationale to aid him in applying roleplaying [ways] in this unique training area .

The many linguistic techniques for reducing the amount of dictionary information that have been proposed all organize the dictionary's contents around prefixes , stems , suffixes , etc. .
the many linguistic [ways] for reducing the amount of dictionary information that have been proposed all organize the dictionary's contents around prefixes , stems , suffixes , etc. .

We suggest the application of certain data-processing techniques as a solution to the problem .
we suggest the application of certain data-processing [ways] as a solution to the problem .

Applying the techniques developed at Harvard for generating a paradigm from a representative form and its classification , we can add all forms of a word to the dictionary at once .
applying the [ways] developed at harvard for generating a paradigm from a representative form and its classification , we can add all forms of a word to the dictionary at once .

The second need is better field techniques .
the second need is better field [ways] .

Good field techniques will not only equip linguists for better work , but also help them overcome negative attitudes .
good field [ways] will not only equip linguists for better work , but also help them overcome negative attitudes .

Actually , none of these papers says much directly about field techniques .
actually , none of these papers says much directly about field [ways] .

But it is worth pondering that very little has been published on any phase of field techniques in linguistics .
but it is worth pondering that very little has been published on any phase of field [ways] in linguistics .

This can only be for one of two reasons : either the two are quite different and will require totally different theory ( and hence techniques ) , or our existing theories are insufficiently general .
this can only be for one of two reasons : either the two are quite different and will require totally different theory ( and hence [ways] ) , or our existing theories are insufficiently general .

What with traders trading for so many different objectives , and what with there being so many unique and individualized market theories and trading techniques in use , and more coming into use all the time , it is hard to imagine how any particular theory or technique could acquire enough `` fans '' to invalidate itself .
what with traders trading for so many different objectives , and what with there being so many unique and individualized market theories and trading [ways] in use , and more coming into use all the time , it is hard to imagine how any particular theory or technique could acquire enough `` fans '' to invalidate itself .

Nevertheless , all theories and techniques lead but to one of two possible modes of expression , if they lead to a market committment at all .
nevertheless , all theories and [ways] lead but to one of two possible modes of expression , if they lead to a market committment at all .

Much progress has been made in the last two decades in developing techniques for understanding children , yet in almost any classroom today can be found children whose needs are not being met by the school program .
much progress has been made in the last two decades in developing [ways] for understanding children , yet in almost any classroom today can be found children whose needs are not being met by the school program .

The classroom teacher cannot be expected to be as proficient in the use of the techniques of child study as the clinical psychologist ; ;
the classroom teacher cannot be expected to be as proficient in the use of the [ways] of child study as the clinical psychologist ; ;

to refine and extend his own techniques for studying individual children ; ;
to refine and extend his own [ways] for studying individual children ; ;

Chapter 15 provides more detailed information about specific techniques used in evaluating pupil progress .
chapter 15 provides more detailed information about specific [ways] used in evaluating pupil progress .

Experiments are in progress to develop ultraviolet spectrophotometric techniques for assaying these enzymes and for studying their sensitivity to metal ions .
experiments are in progress to develop ultraviolet spectrophotometric [ways] for assaying these enzymes and for studying their sensitivity to metal ions .

-- One of the principal aims of anionic polymerization techniques is the synthesis of polymers of extremely narrow molecular weight distribution .
-- one of the principal aims of anionic polymerization [ways] is the synthesis of polymers of extremely narrow molecular weight distribution .

In the more sophisticated atmosphere of today's developed nations , food-preservation techniques have sought also to bring variety , peak freshness , and optimum taste and flavor in foods at reasonable cost to the consumer .
in the more sophisticated atmosphere of today's developed nations , food-preservation [ways] have sought also to bring variety , peak freshness , and optimum taste and flavor in foods at reasonable cost to the consumer .

Much interest has also been expressed in new techniques for processing the urethane foams , including spraying , frothing , and molding ( see article , p. 391 for details ) .
much interest has also been expressed in new [ways] for processing the urethane foams , including spraying , frothing , and molding ( see article , p. 391 for details ) .

New techniques for automatic molding of expandable styrene beads have helped boost that particular material into a number of new consumer applications , including picnic chests , beverage coolers , flower pots , and flotation-type swimming toys .
new [ways] for automatic molding of expandable styrene beads have helped boost that particular material into a number of new consumer applications , including picnic chests , beverage coolers , flower pots , and flotation-type swimming toys .

In vinyl foam , the big news was the development of techniques for coating fabrics with the material ( for details , see P. 395 ) .
in vinyl foam , the big news was the development of [ways] for coating fabrics with the material ( for details , see p. 395 ) .

Only by resorting to molding techniques can the cushion manufacturer hope to compete satisfactorily in the established cushion market .
only by resorting to molding [ways] can the cushion manufacturer hope to compete satisfactorily in the established cushion market .

Other techniques
other [ways]

Five drying test procedures are established to cover the range of drying techniques used in the home and commercial laundry .
five drying test procedures are established to cover the range of drying [ways] used in the home and commercial laundry .

For purely inertial navigators , two techniques are available to accomplish the platform heading : Use of external or surveying equipment to establish proper heading ; ;
for purely inertial navigators , two [ways] are available to accomplish the platform heading : use of external or surveying equipment to establish proper heading ; ;

With the gyro-stabilized platform leveled , it can be headed in the proper direction by using surveying techniques .
with the gyro-stabilized platform leveled , it can be headed in the proper direction by using surveying [ways] .

This can be done to a high degree of accuracy by existing surveying techniques .
this can be done to a high degree of accuracy by existing surveying [ways] .

Obviously , the heading accuracy is lessened by such techniques since errors are introduced because of motion of the stand .
obviously , the heading accuracy is lessened by such [ways] since errors are introduced because of motion of the stand .

He respected each of these approach techniques , and kept them in character : his quill drawings had a scratchiness , suggesting skin texture ; ;
he respected each of these approach [ways] , and kept them in character : his quill drawings had a scratchiness , suggesting skin texture ; ;

Most babes survived the techniques of pituitary manipulation that kept their bodies small , eliminating the necessity of transfers from smaller to larger shells .
most babes survived the [ways] of pituitary manipulation that kept their bodies small , eliminating the necessity of transfers from smaller to larger shells .

So , for happy years , Helva scooted around in her shell with her classmates , playing such games as Stall , Power-Seek , studying her lessons in trajectory , propulsion techniques , computation , logistics , mental hygiene , basic alien psychology , philology , space history , law , traffic , codes : all the et ceteras that eventually became compounded into a reasoning , logical , informed citizen .
so , for happy years , helva scooted around in her shell with her classmates , playing such games as stall , power-seek , studying her lessons in trajectory , propulsion [ways] , computation , logistics , mental hygiene , basic alien psychology , philology , space history , law , traffic , codes : all the et ceteras that eventually became compounded into a reasoning , logical , informed citizen .

Her first actual flight , for she and her kind had made mock flights on dummy panels since she was eight , showed her complete mastery of the techniques of her profession .
her first actual flight , for she and her kind had made mock flights on dummy panels since she was eight , showed her complete mastery of the [ways] of her profession .

Such techniques are widely used in America , Australia and in some European countries .
such [ways] are widely used in america , australia and in some european countries .

Pete Smith uses techniques that date back to medieval times to work the rods of metal into everything from gates to furniture .
pete smith uses [ways] that date back to medieval times to work the rods of metal into everything from gates to furniture .

Some of the world 's finest exponants of the ancient art of kite flying have been revealing their secrets . Kite makers and designers from many traditions have been swapping techniques , and doing battle with their traditional friend and enemy … the wind
some of the world 's finest exponants of the ancient art of kite flying have been revealing their secrets . kite makers and designers from many traditions have been swapping [ways] , and doing battle with their traditional friend and enemy … the wind

Professor Brown had been in Colombia , training local scientists in pioneering techniques for monitoring volcanoes .
professor brown had been in colombia , training local scientists in pioneering [ways] for monitoring volcanoes .

They have to learn these techniques and xwe 're the best in the world at doing it .
they have to learn these [ways] and xwe 're the best in the world at doing it .

When an animal is brought in , especially an otter which is very nervous , we 've taught them the basic techniques of how to save them .
when an animal is brought in , especially an otter which is very nervous , we 've taught them the basic [ways] of how to save them .

The murder of a Finnish student a decade ago has remained unsolved despite the use of revolutionary techniques to identify her .
the murder of a finnish student a decade ago has remained unsolved despite the use of revolutionary [ways] to identify her .

The farm is open to the public and it 's reviving old fashioned techniques as living history .
the farm is open to the public and it 's reviving old fashioned [ways] as living history .

And now the same techniques once used by medieval craftsmen have created two brand new homes .
and now the same [ways] once used by medieval craftsmen have created two brand new homes .

And that 's 4 weeks cutting , shaping and piecing together in the workshop using techniques , both old fashioned and up to date .
and that 's 4 weeks cutting , shaping and piecing together in the workshop using [ways] , both old fashioned and up to date .

he says he does n't go out so often but it 's more a question of qality and not quantity … its tough to stay on top but he goes out to Florida most years to train and learn the new techniques
he says he does n't go out so often but it 's more a question of qality and not quantity … its tough to stay on top but he goes out to florida most years to train and learn the new [ways]

Leyhill prison on the Gloucestershire Avon border is as far from the popular conception of a jail as you can get.Modern buildings cluster around borders boasting blooms that many public parks would be hard pressed to match.Leyhill is an open prison … the last port of call for inmates nearing the end of their sentences.A hundred prisoners work on the nearly forty acres of lawns , borders and market gardens.Their skills won them a silver medal at Chelsea for this display of garden design.And at Leyhill , they 've created a spectacular show … with drifts of brightly coloured pelargoniums competing for attention with giant cannas … and a fine show of roses.New borders are being created all the time … giving the prisoners an opportunity to express themselves and learn techniques that could help them go straight when they 're released :
leyhill prison on the gloucestershire avon border is as far from the popular conception of a jail as you can get.modern buildings cluster around borders boasting blooms that many public parks would be hard pressed to match.leyhill is an open prison … the last port of call for inmates nearing the end of their sentences.a hundred prisoners work on the nearly forty acres of lawns , borders and market gardens.their skills won them a silver medal at chelsea for this display of garden design.and at leyhill , they 've created a spectacular show … with drifts of brightly coloured pelargoniums competing for attention with giant cannas … and a fine show of roses.new borders are being created all the time … giving the prisoners an opportunity to express themselves and learn [ways] that could help them go straight when they 're released :

The bombers were practising the tactics and techniques for attacking ships and as a result , were flying lower than normal at 2,500 ft .
the bombers were practising the tactics and [ways] for attacking ships and as a result , were flying lower than normal at 2,500 ft .

Research has developed new techniques to help Jehovah 's Witnesses including the Cell Saver , a machine which extracts blood from patients , washes the red cells , and returns them to the body .
research has developed new [ways] to help jehovah 's witnesses including the cell saver , a machine which extracts blood from patients , washes the red cells , and returns them to the body .

The aim of the competition was to exchange expertise and techniques from across the world developed in the different countries .
the aim of the competition was to exchange expertise and [ways] from across the world developed in the different countries .

But improvements in techniques and technology are minimising the risks .
but improvements in [ways] and technology are minimising the risks .

These theatre workshops , exploring techniques used in his shows , will include solo performance , devised theatre and working with voice and body for maximum theatrical effect .
these theatre workshops , exploring [ways] used in his shows , will include solo performance , devised theatre and working with voice and body for maximum theatrical effect .

She was telling me a bit about it . All these new sort of , genetic techniques and stuff
she was telling me a bit about it . all these new sort of , genetic [ways] and stuff

What 's art and techniques , then ?
what 's art and [ways] , then ?

how , it 's developed materials , it 's developed techniques and everything for mending roads .
how , it 's developed materials , it 's developed [ways] and everything for mending roads .

The press has mushroomed , stalls are packed with newspapers and Romania has become a mecca for journalists from the West eager not only to report but instruct the new media , still largely partisan and biased , in western techniques and styles .
the press has mushroomed , stalls are packed with newspapers and romania has become a mecca for journalists from the west eager not only to report but instruct the new media , still largely partisan and biased , in western [ways] and styles .

If the procedure succeeds , Carly will be able to lead a normal life , offering hope to thousands of sufferers with diseases like cystic fibrosis and muscular dystrophy who could be cured by similar techniques .
if the procedure succeeds , carly will be able to lead a normal life , offering hope to thousands of sufferers with diseases like cystic fibrosis and muscular dystrophy who could be cured by similar [ways] .

There are fears that genetic techniques could be abused by parents looking for ‘ designer babies ’ with tailor-made characteristics , or by insurance companies and employers to screen out people whose genetic make-up would increase their risk of contracting disease .
there are fears that genetic [ways] could be abused by parents looking for ‘ designer babies ’ with tailor-made characteristics , or by insurance companies and employers to screen out people whose genetic make-up would increase their risk of contracting disease .

Since the Newton disaster , where four people were killed and 22 injured in July 1991 , risk analysis techniques have been introduced to evaluate possible danger at single-lead junctions .
since the newton disaster , where four people were killed and 22 injured in july 1991 , risk analysis [ways] have been introduced to evaluate possible danger at single-lead junctions .

Sheng 's parents are being taught therapy techniques during their visit so they can continue the treatment when they return to China .
sheng 's parents are being taught therapy [ways] during their visit so they can continue the treatment when they return to china .

‘ Even the Gestapo would have admired the techniques employed to wring confessions , ’ the group says .
‘ even the gestapo would have admired the [ways] employed to wring confessions , ’ the group says .

You find enthralling tales of small businesses without a jot of formal marketing training who have , unknowingly , applied effective marketing techniques for years — but have done so under the banner of plain , common sense .
you find enthralling tales of small businesses without a jot of formal marketing training who have , unknowingly , applied effective marketing [ways] for years — but have done so under the banner of plain , common sense .

In a sector beset with intellectual arrogance which has a disturbing tendency to under-rate the value of the customer and blame poor audiences on the weaknesses of marketing rather than , as is more likely , on the weaknesses of the artistic offering , it was refreshing to find a company which had used marketing techniques successfully — and which claimed it would continue to do so .
in a sector beset with intellectual arrogance which has a disturbing tendency to under-rate the value of the customer and blame poor audiences on the weaknesses of marketing rather than , as is more likely , on the weaknesses of the artistic offering , it was refreshing to find a company which had used marketing [ways] successfully — and which claimed it would continue to do so .

‘ There is also the potential for fully automated techniques being used and we are aiming to develop a diverless laser welding system . ’
‘ there is also the potential for fully automated [ways] being used and we are aiming to develop a diverless laser welding system . ’

Off-balance sheet financing is a term used to describe techniques designed to obscure a company 's true financial obligations .
off-balance sheet financing is a term used to describe [ways] designed to obscure a company 's true financial obligations .

‘ Practical experience and study efforts have proven the technical and economic feasibility in the North Sea , and in the developing deep-water oil and gas regions , of well-established pipeline towing techniques in combination with the known advantage of onshore fabrication and commissioning of offshore structures , ’ Mr Grainger said .
‘ practical experience and study efforts have proven the technical and economic feasibility in the north sea , and in the developing deep-water oil and gas regions , of well-established pipeline towing [ways] in combination with the known advantage of onshore fabrication and commissioning of offshore structures , ’ mr grainger said .

While manufacturers were perceived as the traditional users of sales promotion , now retailers and financial institutions are realising that these techniques can help build business .
while manufacturers were perceived as the traditional users of sales promotion , now retailers and financial institutions are realising that these [ways] can help build business .

This is of particular importance for the study of differential gene expession during the trypanosome life cycle using transgenic techniques .
this is of particular importance for the study of differential gene expession during the trypanosome life cycle using transgenic [ways] .

English batsmen need to study the techniques of the likes of Javed Miandad and Salim Malik , even if the latter has just been dropped by Pakistan .
english batsmen need to study the [ways] of the likes of javed miandad and salim malik , even if the latter has just been dropped by pakistan .

S.pombe is a useful test case for prototyping techniques which may be used on larger and more complex genomes .
s.pombe is a useful test case for prototyping [ways] which may be used on larger and more complex genomes .

In the case of ‘ ideal ’ noise-free experimental data , various simple algorithms , exploiting graph structures or tree-search techniques , can successfully order the library .
in the case of ‘ ideal ’ noise-free experimental data , various simple algorithms , exploiting graph structures or tree-search [ways] , can successfully order the library .

Although the use of single copy probes is efficient for small genomes like S.pombe , theoretically hybridisation based fingerprinting techniques ( 3 , 17 ) using multi-locus probes are more attractive for larger genomes .
although the use of single copy probes is efficient for small genomes like s.pombe , theoretically hybridisation based fingerprinting [ways] ( 3 , 17 ) using multi-locus probes are more attractive for larger genomes .

On Monday the day started with a course on behavioural and negotiation techniques .
on monday the day started with a course on behavioural and negotiation [ways] .

He suggested the ambulance service adopt a rapid response paramedic on a motorcycle , equipped and trained to save life using specialised equipment and techniques .
he suggested the ambulance service adopt a rapid response paramedic on a motorcycle , equipped and trained to save life using specialised equipment and [ways] .

To use genetic engineering techniques to produce paclitaxel , the genes for each of these enzymes would be needed and this is considered much too complex .
to use genetic engineering [ways] to produce paclitaxel , the genes for each of these enzymes would be needed and this is considered much too complex .

In the early Sixties , Prof Gibson became co-founder with Professor Robert Kenedi of the bio-engineering unit at Strathclyde University which applied the principles and techniques of engineering to surgery and medicine .
in the early sixties , prof gibson became co-founder with professor robert kenedi of the bio-engineering unit at strathclyde university which applied the principles and [ways] of engineering to surgery and medicine .

Stewart , who was responsible for introducing totally new methods of preparation to the England squad , devoted the whole of Sunday morning to coaching techniques .
stewart , who was responsible for introducing totally new methods of preparation to the england squad , devoted the whole of sunday morning to coaching [ways] .

Techniques that can not readily be proven analytically are unlikely to gain much engineering credence .
[ways] that can not readily be proven analytically are unlikely to gain much engineering credence .

Growing concern over pollution of the North Sea , in part by an outdated sewerage system dispersing waste straight to open water , coincided with a surge of enthusiasm for Continental techniques among Water Research Centre scientists and local authority engineers .
growing concern over pollution of the north sea , in part by an outdated sewerage system dispersing waste straight to open water , coincided with a surge of enthusiasm for continental [ways] among water research centre scientists and local authority engineers .

Possibly it has its origins in the ‘ white noise ’ techniques which the Brits , ever the innovators , pioneered in Northern Ireland in the 1970s ( it has always seemed unjust that what was deplored then as a human rights abuse was later marketed under the brand name of acid house ) .
possibly it has its origins in the ‘ white noise ’ [ways] which the brits , ever the innovators , pioneered in northern ireland in the 1970s ( it has always seemed unjust that what was deplored then as a human rights abuse was later marketed under the brand name of acid house ) .

My daughter , Dr Ann Mitchell , who got her PhD at Heriot-Watt University in microbiology , spends much of her time in the Caquita Medio region of the Columbian Amazon , living and working with the Uitoto y Muinane Indians observing their healing techniques and categorising and collecting plant specimens .
my daughter , dr ann mitchell , who got her phd at heriot-watt university in microbiology , spends much of her time in the caquita medio region of the columbian amazon , living and working with the uitoto y muinane indians observing their healing [ways] and categorising and collecting plant specimens .

Sir John Gielgud stars in a version of Shakespeare 's The Tempest using high-tech film and video techniques .
sir john gielgud stars in a version of shakespeare 's the tempest using high-tech film and video [ways] .

The techniques he employs , he says , give him more flexibility than a potter and allow him maximum flexibility with malleable qualities of the metals he employs .
the [ways] he employs , he says , give him more flexibility than a potter and allow him maximum flexibility with malleable qualities of the metals he employs .

He had a keen regard for the classical elements of production — Land , Labour and Capital — and was never afraid of adopting new techniques or of changing his farming policy to achieve the most efficient and profitable blend of these elements .
he had a keen regard for the classical elements of production — land , labour and capital — and was never afraid of adopting new [ways] or of changing his farming policy to achieve the most efficient and profitable blend of these elements .

His time since then has been taken up with self-examination — ‘ finding my real identity , trying to reorganise my own language combining western techniques with the voices from my earliest experience .
his time since then has been taken up with self-examination — ‘ finding my real identity , trying to reorganise my own language combining western [ways] with the voices from my earliest experience .

Contemporary techniques predominate , but the men perform martial arts sequences and there are hints of jazz and a strong folk presence .
contemporary [ways] predominate , but the men perform martial arts sequences and there are hints of jazz and a strong folk presence .

The showfield at Tanycastell Park , Rhydyfelin , will have a '50 Years of Farming in Ceredigion' theme with displays and exhibits of farming techniques .
the showfield at tanycastell park , rhydyfelin , will have a '50 years of farming in ceredigion' theme with displays and exhibits of farming [ways] .

After controlling her needle phobia through hypnotherapy , she travelled to America to study clinical suggestion techniques .
after controlling her needle phobia through hypnotherapy , she travelled to america to study clinical suggestion [ways] .

Now she uses the same techniques to teach other women cancer can be beaten .
now she uses the same [ways] to teach other women cancer can be beaten .

She and another nurse went to the Royal Marsden Hospital in London to learn the latest techniques in erecting and inserting drips .
she and another nurse went to the royal marsden hospital in london to learn the latest [ways] in erecting and inserting drips .

‘ We now have 19 nurses trained in these techniques at Belvoir , ’ she said .
‘ we now have 19 nurses trained in these [ways] at belvoir , ’ she said .

Management techniques will include brushwood fencing and thatching to capture windborne sand .
management [ways] will include brushwood fencing and thatching to capture windborne sand .

He expressed his scepticism about the usefulness of techniques such as the envoy .
he expressed his scepticism about the usefulness of [ways] such as the envoy .

She and another nurse went to the Royal Marsden Hospital in London to learn the latest techniques in erecting and inserting drips .
she and another nurse went to the royal marsden hospital in london to learn the latest [ways] in erecting and inserting drips .

‘ We now have 19 nurses trained in these techniques at Belvoir , ’ she said .
‘ we now have 19 nurses trained in these [ways] at belvoir , ’ she said .

Control Techniques drives profits higher
control [ways] drives profits higher

Control Techniques , one of Wales ' home-grown success stories , turned in pre-tax profits of £3.7m to March , a leap of £2.1m on the same period in 1992 .
control [ways] , one of wales ' home-grown success stories , turned in pre-tax profits of £3.7m to march , a leap of £2.1m on the same period in 1992 .

Control Techniques was founded 20 years ago and floated on the Stock Market in 1985 , when the annual turnover was £6.8m .
control [ways] was founded 20 years ago and floated on the stock market in 1985 , when the annual turnover was £6.8m .

Supercomputing — High-performance computers costing millions of pounds can not be sited at every university that needs their computational power ; Yet the vast amounts of data they produce require advanced data visualisation techniques for their human understanding .
supercomputing — high-performance computers costing millions of pounds can not be sited at every university that needs their computational power ; yet the vast amounts of data they produce require advanced data visualisation [ways] for their human understanding .

This very interesting and worthwhile book is aimed at helping parents and teachers to introduce children and young adults to techniques of relaxation .
this very interesting and worthwhile book is aimed at helping parents and teachers to introduce children and young adults to [ways] of relaxation .

Throughout the last 230 years opinions between professionals and parents have differed about the techniques used to educate deaf children .
throughout the last 230 years opinions between professionals and parents have differed about the [ways] used to educate deaf children .

At present the arguments for various methods of communication are between the techniques ‘ total communication ’ and the fairly recent ‘ natural aurlism ’ .
at present the arguments for various methods of communication are between the [ways] ‘ total communication ’ and the fairly recent ‘ natural aurlism ’ .

Demographic techniques are also of some use in ecological surveillance where there is interest in the breeding stability of a colony of birds or animals or where concern exists over culling programmes or the depletion of fish stocks .
demographic [ways] are also of some use in ecological surveillance where there is interest in the breeding stability of a colony of birds or animals or where concern exists over culling programmes or the depletion of fish stocks .

Increase in the use of isolation hospitals and much improved midwifery techniques did much to lower infant and maternal mortality and this is obviously a key aspect of demographic transition .
increase in the use of isolation hospitals and much improved midwifery [ways] did much to lower infant and maternal mortality and this is obviously a key aspect of demographic transition .

The usefulness of demographic techniques in planning for human societies and large workforces or warning of impending problems in animal populations is considerable .
the usefulness of demographic [ways] in planning for human societies and large workforces or warning of impending problems in animal populations is considerable .

Many of the summary techniques used to describe mortality carry over into the other components of change .
many of the summary [ways] used to describe mortality carry over into the other components of change .

In general , the full analysis of a set of data consists of a sequence of tasks from data validation , through the exploratory production of graphs and summary statistics to more complex techniques of estimation and inference .
in general , the full analysis of a set of data consists of a sequence of tasks from data validation , through the exploratory production of graphs and summary statistics to more complex [ways] of estimation and inference .

Automated techniques for studying data have been provided in some software .
automated [ways] for studying data have been provided in some software .

All sorts of variations on these patterns and mixtures of the techniques are useful in specific situations .
all sorts of variations on these patterns and mixtures of the [ways] are useful in specific situations .

Diary techniques may be useful for longer-term studies provided they do not alter the respondent 's habits .
diary [ways] may be useful for longer-term studies provided they do not alter the respondent 's habits .

The following techniques use randomization prior to the start of the study to remove most of the problems cited earlier .
the following [ways] use randomization prior to the start of the study to remove most of the problems cited earlier .

Matching and randomization are two fundamentally important design techniques to enhance the validity and efficiency of a study .
matching and randomization are two fundamentally important design [ways] to enhance the validity and efficiency of a study .

, means that the techniques are of use primarily in animal or plant studies .
, means that the [ways] are of use primarily in animal or plant studies .

The problem of consistency of measurement techniques over a long period of time will have to be faced and may not have a satisfactory solution .
the problem of consistency of measurement [ways] over a long period of time will have to be faced and may not have a satisfactory solution .

Of the former , the main techniques are market intervention through open market operations ( see Chapter 9 ) , intervention in the foreign exchange markets , and lender of last resort facilities .
of the former , the main [ways] are market intervention through open market operations ( see chapter 9 ) , intervention in the foreign exchange markets , and lender of last resort facilities .

There has been some suggestion that computer trading techniques have been partly responsible for the crash ( or what is called programme trading ) .
there has been some suggestion that computer trading [ways] have been partly responsible for the crash ( or what is called programme trading ) .

As well as becoming proficient in the techniques of lobbying such as public campaigning and the use of the media , enterprises have frequently formed alliances with private interest groups , and ( as we shall see below ) , with their own workforces , in pursuit of their political goals .
as well as becoming proficient in the [ways] of lobbying such as public campaigning and the use of the media , enterprises have frequently formed alliances with private interest groups , and ( as we shall see below ) , with their own workforces , in pursuit of their political goals .

For example , railway investments are not evaluated using the same cost-benefit techniques that are used in road planning , despite recommendations that this should be done ( see , e.g .
for example , railway investments are not evaluated using the same cost-benefit [ways] that are used in road planning , despite recommendations that this should be done ( see , e.g .

New techniques of production were introduced at an accelerating rate .
new [ways] of production were introduced at an accelerating rate .

The rate of introduction of new techniques from overseas trebled in 1960 .
the rate of introduction of new [ways] from overseas trebled in 1960 .

User stock levels were also historically low as a result of steady improvements in stock control techniques and expectations of relative price falls ( as a result of the previous trend deterioration in the terms of trade for primary products ) .
user stock levels were also historically low as a result of steady improvements in stock control [ways] and expectations of relative price falls ( as a result of the previous trend deterioration in the terms of trade for primary products ) .

Introduction to Counselling is intended to assist in the techniques of attending , focussing , listening and understanding empathy .
introduction to counselling is intended to assist in the [ways] of attending , focussing , listening and understanding empathy .

They can help companies by providing someone with a good knowledge of the latest techniques in management and business .
they can help companies by providing someone with a good knowledge of the latest [ways] in management and business .

The drone of the Lancaster aircraft 's four Rolls Royce Merlin engines was heard regularly as Wing Commander Guy Gibson and the men of 617 Squadron practised their low-level bombing techniques .
the drone of the lancaster aircraft 's four rolls royce merlin engines was heard regularly as wing commander guy gibson and the men of 617 squadron practised their low-level bombing [ways] .

It revealed the sales representatives had been ‘ acting outside the scope of the company 's policy on sales techniques ’ .
it revealed the sales representatives had been ‘ acting outside the scope of the company 's policy on sales [ways] ’ .

In the garden , visitors can see compost systems , natural means of weed and pest control and various cultivation techniques , including a ‘ no dig ’ system .
in the garden , visitors can see compost systems , natural means of weed and pest control and various cultivation [ways] , including a ‘ no dig ’ system .

The electric response audiometer will be used to detect hearing defects in babies and adults which would not be discovered by other techniques .
the electric response audiometer will be used to detect hearing defects in babies and adults which would not be discovered by other [ways] .

Aimee was thrilled by yesterday 's experience and the dog handlers were delighted with her progress in crime and drug-busting techniques .
aimee was thrilled by yesterday 's experience and the dog handlers were delighted with her progress in crime and drug-busting [ways] .

He regularly lectured on new surgery techniques , and in 1980 he became an examiner for the Royal College of Surgeons .
he regularly lectured on new surgery [ways] , and in 1980 he became an examiner for the royal college of surgeons .

The cream of one dairy 's workforce have received basic police training on crime prevention techniques and how to spot signs of trouble .
the cream of one dairy 's workforce have received basic police training on crime prevention [ways] and how to spot signs of trouble .

Visit the dentist ! Doctors describe how people with bad headaches can get relief by using simple techniques including exercise , relaxation , acupressure and even a visit to the dentist ! The relaxation programme on the tape can be used daily to help control headaches .
visit the dentist ! doctors describe how people with bad headaches can get relief by using simple [ways] including exercise , relaxation , acupressure and even a visit to the dentist ! the relaxation programme on the tape can be used daily to help control headaches .

The money will help poor village farmers , agricultural associations and self-help projects in applying better techniques to get the most produce from the land .
the money will help poor village farmers , agricultural associations and self-help projects in applying better [ways] to get the most produce from the land .

Britan and he was badly burned . He became one of the first to benefit from the plastic surgery techniques pioneered by Sir Archibald
britan and he was badly burned . he became one of the first to benefit from the plastic surgery [ways] pioneered by sir archibald

Clearly Rover 's adapted alot its techniques .
clearly rover 's adapted alot its [ways] .

The Oxford based Phoenix Prison Trust is aiming to recruit prisoners to meditation using classes and a book of basic techniques .
the oxford based phoenix prison trust is aiming to recruit prisoners to meditation using classes and a book of basic [ways] .

mountaineers come to this church in Bristol to train … to keep fit … to learn new techniques … its the only centre of its kind for miles around so its a base for all Central South climbers …
mountaineers come to this church in bristol to train … to keep fit … to learn new [ways] … its the only centre of its kind for miles around so its a base for all central south climbers …

a man who runs a yard where there are no firm rules … no strict training techniques … the only order of the day is be happy … laugh and smile … it 's a wonderful world
a man who runs a yard where there are no firm rules … no strict training [ways] … the only order of the day is be happy … laugh and smile … it 's a wonderful world

In the video they 've used a combination of modern animation techniques and her classic drawings .
in the video they 've used a combination of modern animation [ways] and her classic drawings .

Then , on October 1 , there will be an opportunity to learn essential first aid techniques , and on October the subject is tree propagation .
then , on october 1 , there will be an opportunity to learn essential first aid [ways] , and on october the subject is tree propagation .

One of the dangers of the current climate for admission , which makes it more difficult than it has been in recent years for students to get into universities , is that the concentration is on the techniques of application , rather than on what lies behind the mechanical process .
one of the dangers of the current climate for admission , which makes it more difficult than it has been in recent years for students to get into universities , is that the concentration is on the [ways] of application , rather than on what lies behind the mechanical process .

The older the child is the harder it is for him to overcome his difficulty , but there are courses and there are techniques available which definitely do help children to overcome their problems with reading and with spelling and with language as a whole .
the older the child is the harder it is for him to overcome his difficulty , but there are courses and there are [ways] available which definitely do help children to overcome their problems with reading and with spelling and with language as a whole .

What sort of remedial techniques can parents use ? Mrs Durrant describes her own method .
what sort of remedial [ways] can parents use ? mrs durrant describes her own method .

We 've learnt a lot er and people can come along to the hospital for courses for various standards of course to learn the techniques we 've learnt and we can learn off them .
we 've learnt a lot er and people can come along to the hospital for courses for various standards of course to learn the [ways] we 've learnt and we can learn off them .

What sort of techniques are we talking about ?
what sort of [ways] are we talking about ?

And they have applied two rather unique techniques to study this question ; it 's a technique that 's er , er rather unique to Oxford , it seems that across the country , most people have looked at this particular problem of reducing the fluid in the lung .
and they have applied two rather unique [ways] to study this question ; it 's a technique that 's er , er rather unique to oxford , it seems that across the country , most people have looked at this particular problem of reducing the fluid in the lung .

What techniques would you suggest ?
what [ways] would you suggest ?

Well , certainly we believe that there can be all sorts of erm techniques that can be very useful , like communications skills and assertiveness , but our understanding is also that it is not only about the skills that people have it 's also about the understanding behind those skills .
well , certainly we believe that there can be all sorts of erm [ways] that can be very useful , like communications skills and assertiveness , but our understanding is also that it is not only about the skills that people have it 's also about the understanding behind those skills .

mhm , but what techniques would you leave with people ?
mhm , but what [ways] would you leave with people ?

They take groups of school children in to look at experiments and techniques that are far too complicated perhaps , expensive perhaps , or even dangerous , to run in a school — like X-ray crystallography and infra-red spectrometry .
they take groups of school children in to look at experiments and [ways] that are far too complicated perhaps , expensive perhaps , or even dangerous , to run in a school — like x-ray crystallography and infra-red spectrometry .

We have some that are very specific , in the sense that they are intended to provide certain particular skills or techniques .
we have some that are very specific , in the sense that they are intended to provide certain particular skills or [ways] .

For instance at the moment we are running one on statistical techniques for Third World officials .
for instance at the moment we are running one on statistical [ways] for third world officials .

‘ Coping with Anxiety ’ helps anxiety sufferers to understand their condition and explains how they can get relief from their day to day worries with techniques which include allocating half an hour a day ‘ worry-time ’ and by using a combination of relaxation , breathing exercises and management of thoughts and actions . One person questioned claimed their cat was hypnotised by the relaxation programme on the tape !
‘ coping with anxiety ’ helps anxiety sufferers to understand their condition and explains how they can get relief from their day to day worries with [ways] which include allocating half an hour a day ‘ worry-time ’ and by using a combination of relaxation , breathing exercises and management of thoughts and actions . one person questioned claimed their cat was hypnotised by the relaxation programme on the tape !

There are many laboratory techniques for measuring time in speech , and measurement of the time intervals between stressed syllables in connected English speech has not shown the expected regularity ; moreover , using the same measuring techniques on different languages , it has not been possible to show a real difference between ‘ stress-timed ’ and ‘ syllable-timed ’ languages .
there are many laboratory [ways] for measuring time in speech , and measurement of the time intervals between stressed syllables in connected english speech has not shown the expected regularity ; moreover , using the same measuring [ways] on different languages , it has not been possible to show a real difference between ‘ stress-timed ’ and ‘ syllable-timed ’ languages .

Many references have been made to phonology in this course , with the purpose of making use of the concepts and analytical techniques of that subject to help explain various facts about English pronunciation as efficiently as possible .
many references have been made to phonology in this course , with the purpose of making use of the concepts and analytical [ways] of that subject to help explain various facts about english pronunciation as efficiently as possible .

Recently-developed , safer X-ray techniques can help us to observe articulatory movements taking place within the vocal tract , and contact between the tongue and the palate can be measured electrically .
recently-developed , safer x-ray [ways] can help us to observe articulatory movements taking place within the vocal tract , and contact between the tongue and the palate can be measured electrically .

Although most of these techniques are expensive and difficult to use , it is possible that at least some of them may become more easily available ; they can be very useful both for discovering in detail how English speakers produce their speech sounds , and for demonstrating to learners of English their pronunciation errors in a way that helps them to correct them .
although most of these [ways] are expensive and difficult to use , it is possible that at least some of them may become more easily available ; they can be very useful both for discovering in detail how english speakers produce their speech sounds , and for demonstrating to learners of english their pronunciation errors in a way that helps them to correct them .

If such techniques are further developed , it should be possible to use computers to provide additional pronunciation training at times when a human teacher is not available .
if such [ways] are further developed , it should be possible to use computers to provide additional pronunciation training at times when a human teacher is not available .

The bakers were the star pupils of courses with which Ken Payne , Savacentre 's bakery specialist , was involved when he visited Russia to teach Western techniques of bread production .
the bakers were the star pupils of courses with which ken payne , savacentre 's bakery specialist , was involved when he visited russia to teach western [ways] of bread production .

With the changeover from a counter service to a self service style of shopping in the 195Os , a great revolution in packaging techniques was required .
with the changeover from a counter service to a self service style of shopping in the 195os , a great revolution in packaging [ways] was required .

The same techniques will be applied in Europe , except that language considerations call for a much more complex effort on product packaging , labelling and literature .
the same [ways] will be applied in europe , except that language considerations call for a much more complex effort on product packaging , labelling and literature .

Drum manufacturers have developed techniques to use lighter gauge steel .
drum manufacturers have developed [ways] to use lighter gauge steel .

However , the Cheshires ' experience in Northern Ireland means they are skilled in anti-ambush techniques .
however , the cheshires ' experience in northern ireland means they are skilled in anti-ambush [ways] .

The £2.6m first phase of new technology and mining techniques has been installed at Point of Ayr .
the £2.6m first phase of new technology and mining [ways] has been installed at point of ayr .

Current surgical techniques also involve reducing the cornea curvature in a bid to correct short-sightedness .
current surgical [ways] also involve reducing the cornea curvature in a bid to correct short-sightedness .

Opthalmologist Bertil Damato has developed techniques which often enable him to save the eyes of patients who , in the past , may have lost their sight .
opthalmologist bertil damato has developed [ways] which often enable him to save the eyes of patients who , in the past , may have lost their sight .

Werner Hackl , the Austrian hotshot who has taken charge of the new plant , said : ‘ Here at Ellesmere Port the management has adopted new techniques of working and involved the employees in that process .
werner hackl , the austrian hotshot who has taken charge of the new plant , said : ‘ here at ellesmere port the management has adopted new [ways] of working and involved the employees in that process .

The series features spectacular sets and uses the latest digital techniques to create a realistic backdrop .
the series features spectacular sets and uses the latest digital [ways] to create a realistic backdrop .

Quick-thinking James , 20 , switched off the gas and collected a damp cloth , while Darren used the fire-fighting techniques he 'd been learning on his weekend course in Surrey to tackle the blaze .
quick-thinking james , 20 , switched off the gas and collected a damp cloth , while darren used the fire-fighting [ways] he 'd been learning on his weekend course in surrey to tackle the blaze .

The one is broken by frequent , sudden gullies and steep ridges thickly clad with woods ; ideal , as it had proved , for the practice of German infiltration techniques .
the one is broken by frequent , sudden gullies and steep ridges thickly clad with woods ; ideal , as it had proved , for the practice of german infiltration [ways] .

It was the first step away from the old gladiatorial techniques .
it was the first step away from the old gladiatorial [ways] .

‘ So far we have trained about half of our powder development team in experimental design techniques , helped by , of the Courtauld New Coatings Technologies Group .
‘ so far we have trained about half of our powder development team in experimental design [ways] , helped by , of the courtauld new coatings technologies group .

From the adventure emerged action plans to enable individual sites to develop the new culture , with techniques learned on Operation Challenge being cascaded down through employee ranks .
from the adventure emerged action plans to enable individual sites to develop the new culture , with [ways] learned on operation challenge being cascaded down through employee ranks .

Managers at Courtaulds Packaging 's Scotcell operation in Glasgow , Scotland , have been developing their team-building and leadership techniques via a training course that included rock climbing , diving and caving .
managers at courtaulds packaging 's scotcell operation in glasgow , scotland , have been developing their team-building and leadership [ways] via a training course that included rock climbing , diving and caving .

Astra from Letchworth advised on instructional techniques .
astra from letchworth advised on instructional [ways] .

Using these techniques may enable an additional reduction of 20 per cent in water use .
using these [ways] may enable an additional reduction of 20 per cent in water use .

Polypropylene has earned its place as a large volume high growth polymer [ 11 per cent per annum compound for the past give years ] because of its attractive balance of properties , its ability to be processed by a wide variety of techniques , and its competitive economics and cost effectiveness .
polypropylene has earned its place as a large volume high growth polymer [ 11 per cent per annum compound for the past give years ] because of its attractive balance of properties , its ability to be processed by a wide variety of [ways] , and its competitive economics and cost effectiveness .

Included in this unit is another period of time spent in the School Library expanding their research techniques .
included in this unit is another period of time spent in the school library expanding their research [ways] .

Some of the course material is selected to prepare the way for Standard Grade Physics and the approach continues to place emphasis on the value of good practical techniques .
some of the course material is selected to prepare the way for standard grade physics and the approach continues to place emphasis on the value of good practical [ways] .

The problem has grown with modern energy-saving building techniques , which re-circulate used air and help to spread any micro-organisms present .
the problem has grown with modern energy-saving building [ways] , which re-circulate used air and help to spread any micro-organisms present .

it is up to him to make sure the best available tools and techniques are introduced and used .
it is up to him to make sure the best available tools and [ways] are introduced and used .

Sometimes helpful in determining the values of unknown circuit components are substitution and difference techniques in which the value indicated from the balance of the bridge with a standard component is compared with that when the unknown is connected on its own or in parallel or series with the standard , whichever is more suitable .
sometimes helpful in determining the values of unknown circuit components are substitution and difference [ways] in which the value indicated from the balance of the bridge with a standard component is compared with that when the unknown is connected on its own or in parallel or series with the standard , whichever is more suitable .

To maintain high gain down to zero frequency , the amplifier is directly coupled and to overcome the resulting problem of distinguishing between real and pseudo signals , due to , for example , bias or thermal variations , differential circuit techniques are adopted .
to maintain high gain down to zero frequency , the amplifier is directly coupled and to overcome the resulting problem of distinguishing between real and pseudo signals , due to , for example , bias or thermal variations , differential circuit [ways] are adopted .

Fourier and Laplace transform techniques
fourier and laplace transform [ways]

Techniques like customer surveys , checking on the quality of our team-working , the quality of communications to staff .
[ways] like customer surveys , checking on the quality of our team-working , the quality of communications to staff .

Since 1981 , it has offered a range of therapeutic techniques to prepare severely emotionally damaged children for adoption or long-term fostering .
since 1981 , it has offered a range of therapeutic [ways] to prepare severely emotionally damaged children for adoption or long-term fostering .

An example of such an exercise , where students and salespeople can apply some of the techniques outlined in this chapter is given at the end of Chapter 10 .
an example of such an exercise , where students and salespeople can apply some of the [ways] outlined in this chapter is given at the end of chapter 10 .

So , the effective approach for dealing with objections involves two areas : the preparation of convincing answers ; and the development of a range of techniques for answering objections in a manner which permits the acceptance of these answers without loss of face on the part of the buyer .
so , the effective approach for dealing with objections involves two areas : the preparation of convincing answers ; and the development of a range of [ways] for answering objections in a manner which permits the acceptance of these answers without loss of face on the part of the buyer .

Buyers also have a number of techniques which they use in negotiations .
buyers also have a number of [ways] which they use in negotiations .

( 1980 ) describe a number of techniques designed to weaken the position of the unsuspecting sales negotiator .
( 1980 ) describe a number of [ways] designed to weaken the position of the unsuspecting sales negotiator .

The skills and techniques discussed so far are not , in themselves , sufficient for consistent sales success .
the skills and [ways] discussed so far are not , in themselves , sufficient for consistent sales success .

Sales promotions embrace a variety of techniques that organisations can use as part of their total marketing effort . Examples of possible objectives that may be achieved through sales promotional activities include :
sales promotions embrace a variety of [ways] that organisations can use as part of their total marketing effort . examples of possible objectives that may be achieved through sales promotional activities include :

In turn the techniques can cover :
in turn the [ways] can cover :

These are often referred to as ‘ pull ’ techniques , in that they are designed to stimulate final demand and move products through the sales channel , with the consumer providing the impetus .
these are often referred to as ‘ pull ’ [ways] , in that they are designed to stimulate final demand and move products through the sales channel , with the consumer providing the impetus .

There are various techniques which fall into this category .
there are various [ways] which fall into this category .

Premium offers are marketing techniques which give extra value to goods or services in the short term as part of a promotional package .
premium offers are marketing [ways] which give extra value to goods or services in the short term as part of a promotional package .

Lotteries and sweepstakes are also used as promotional techniques , particularly by the retail outlets , which use them to attract custom into the store .
lotteries and sweepstakes are also used as promotional [ways] , particularly by the retail outlets , which use them to attract custom into the store .

Joint promotions are not specific to consumer goods , but are to be seen more often as companies attempt to find new promotional techniques .
joint promotions are not specific to consumer goods , but are to be seen more often as companies attempt to find new promotional [ways] .

There is thus a tendency to build up a strong personal relationship over a long time , and slick high-pressure selling techniques are unlikely to be of much help .
there is thus a tendency to build up a strong personal relationship over a long time , and slick high-pressure selling [ways] are unlikely to be of much help .

In order to reach the different groups , each with separate interests , they must employ the techniques of press relations , house journals , seminars , works visits , private demonstrations , exhibitions , videos and other aids .
in order to reach the different groups , each with separate interests , they must employ the [ways] of press relations , house journals , seminars , works visits , private demonstrations , exhibitions , videos and other aids .

Fuelling stations incorporate ‘ fast fill ’ techniques , where fuelling can be accomplished in a few minutes .
fuelling stations incorporate ‘ fast fill ’ [ways] , where fuelling can be accomplished in a few minutes .

The principles set by the schools on both sides of the Atlantic are effectively the same ; they are vocational training centres which make use of speed-learning techniques in a high-energy learning environment .
the principles set by the schools on both sides of the atlantic are effectively the same ; they are vocational training centres which make use of speed-learning [ways] in a high-energy learning environment .

There are many techniques and concepts relating to chord playing ; here are just a few :
there are many [ways] and concepts relating to chord playing ; here are just a few :

Cleaner shrimps are opportunistic feeders and not above attacking filter-feeding sea cucumbers such as sea apples ( Pseudocolochirus axiologus ) to rob them of food trapped in their tentacles using the same ‘ nit picking ’ techniques they adopt to clean their clients .
cleaner shrimps are opportunistic feeders and not above attacking filter-feeding sea cucumbers such as sea apples ( pseudocolochirus axiologus ) to rob them of food trapped in their tentacles using the same ‘ nit picking ’ [ways] they adopt to clean their clients .

This series has shown the constructor the various techniques for both originating artwork and producing your printed circuit boards at home .
this series has shown the constructor the various [ways] for both originating artwork and producing your printed circuit boards at home .

These then accreted into a moon by cold-welding techniques .
these then accreted into a moon by cold-welding [ways] .

What the neo-Darwinists have in their favour is almost irrefutable evidence arising from recent advances in the techniques of molecular biology and genetic engineering which virtually prove that modern species did evolve from common ancestors .
what the neo-darwinists have in their favour is almost irrefutable evidence arising from recent advances in the [ways] of molecular biology and genetic engineering which virtually prove that modern species did evolve from common ancestors .

It does seem however , from the evidence of the Australian National University concerning the Gogo lungfish , that a complicated scenario arose where other techniques of air-breathing occurred accidentally , and that air-sac creatures invaded freshwater habitats while the diaphragm-breathers became the first land inhabitants .
it does seem however , from the evidence of the australian national university concerning the gogo lungfish , that a complicated scenario arose where other [ways] of air-breathing occurred accidentally , and that air-sac creatures invaded freshwater habitats while the diaphragm-breathers became the first land inhabitants .

As it turned out , socket-teeth were a highly successful innovation , permitting a great improvement in chewing techniques ; one of many functional physiological adaptations that would prove to be of enormous survival value .
as it turned out , socket-teeth were a highly successful innovation , permitting a great improvement in chewing [ways] ; one of many functional physiological adaptations that would prove to be of enormous survival value .

Dinosaurs , as well as growing taller , developed a more pronounced downflex to lower their heads closer to the ground for better cropping techniques .
dinosaurs , as well as growing taller , developed a more pronounced downflex to lower their heads closer to the ground for better cropping [ways] .

Each of the lower feeders had their own cropping techniques , and a general assumption can be made that such techniques had themselves a co-evolutionary impact on plants .
each of the lower feeders had their own cropping [ways] , and a general assumption can be made that such [ways] had themselves a co-evolutionary impact on plants .

It is probable that their thermo-regulatory techniques actually went through prolonged periods of metamorphoses .
it is probable that their thermo-regulatory [ways] actually went through prolonged periods of metamorphoses .

It should be clear from our list of terms above that there is quite a pronounced divide between ectotherms and endotherms , with the latter having a more varied range of thermoregulatory techniques .
it should be clear from our list of terms above that there is quite a pronounced divide between ectotherms and endotherms , with the latter having a more varied range of thermoregulatory [ways] .

Reptiles live largely in tropical environments , and the techniques they use for cooling themselves are probably even more important than warming techniques , as we have seen .
reptiles live largely in tropical environments , and the [ways] they use for cooling themselves are probably even more important than warming [ways] , as we have seen .

Assessing Thermoregulation Techniques in Dinosaurs
assessing thermoregulation [ways] in dinosaurs

Yet an argument could be made out for Haversian bone being linked with large body-size rather than thermoregulation techniques .
yet an argument could be made out for haversian bone being linked with large body-size rather than thermoregulation [ways] .

The foregoing discussion of mammalian cooling techniques and their relation to the human species is rather academic .
the foregoing discussion of mammalian cooling [ways] and their relation to the human species is rather academic .

It is curious indeed to see in how many ways Gandhi 's conception of power seems a mirror image to that of the British , even if , as in the case of fasting , he sometimes employed techniques of Hindu origin to obtain his ends .
it is curious indeed to see in how many ways gandhi 's conception of power seems a mirror image to that of the british , even if , as in the case of fasting , he sometimes employed [ways] of hindu origin to obtain his ends .

While it is not difficult to learn the techniques necessary to enable you to hypnotize other people , the real test of skill and acquired knowledge comes in knowing how to help them deal with their problems once you have done so .
while it is not difficult to learn the [ways] necessary to enable you to hypnotize other people , the real test of skill and acquired knowledge comes in knowing how to help them deal with their problems once you have done so .

So doubtful was Maxine about her ability to contribute to the treatment in general , and about the strength of her visual imagination in particular , that we decided between us to do no more than practise relaxation and visualization techniques during that first visit .
so doubtful was maxine about her ability to contribute to the treatment in general , and about the strength of her visual imagination in particular , that we decided between us to do no more than practise relaxation and visualization [ways] during that first visit .

These orders of marine creatures have evolved feeding techniques which rely upon their food coming to them , either by strong water movement or by farming microscopic algae in their tissues which can harness the radiant energy of the sun to manufacture nutrients by photosynthesis .
these orders of marine creatures have evolved feeding [ways] which rely upon their food coming to them , either by strong water movement or by farming microscopic algae in their tissues which can harness the radiant energy of the sun to manufacture nutrients by photosynthesis .

Feeding techniques : fish
feeding [ways] : fish

You will also try out colour washes and ageing techniques on pine moulding and finish the day by stencilling on the paint effect you 've created .
you will also try out colour washes and ageing [ways] on pine moulding and finish the day by stencilling on the paint effect you 've created .

‘ Counterfeiting techniques have become highly sophisticated and in many cases the packaging has been copied to the finest degree so that the ordinary consumer would have absolutely no idea , from the outside , that they were n't buying the genuine article , ’ explains Mike Wadsley .
‘ counterfeiting [ways] have become highly sophisticated and in many cases the packaging has been copied to the finest degree so that the ordinary consumer would have absolutely no idea , from the outside , that they were n't buying the genuine article , ’ explains mike wadsley .

As winter approaches , we bring you a collection of crisp , cool cuts that incorporate classic shapes and new techniques . Colour is strong ; shapes are exciting and above all , the choice is yours !
as winter approaches , we bring you a collection of crisp , cool cuts that incorporate classic shapes and new [ways] . colour is strong ; shapes are exciting and above all , the choice is yours !

Jon-Paul Holt form the Avant Garde artistic team used colouring techniques to emphasise shape
jon-paul holt form the avant garde artistic team used colouring [ways] to emphasise shape

Part Two : Ultra-Violet Processing Techniques
part two : ultra-violet processing [ways]

In a given situation , more than one of these may be used — for example , fax signals being passed along a telephone line or telephone messages being sent using radio techniques as in a car telephone , cordless telephone or ship-to-shore link .
in a given situation , more than one of these may be used — for example , fax signals being passed along a telephone line or telephone messages being sent using radio [ways] as in a car telephone , cordless telephone or ship-to-shore link .

In many applications , such directional techniques are inappropriate .
in many applications , such directional [ways] are inappropriate .

Using such digital techniques , although technically difficult to do , provides better quality with no degradation of the signal with distance or repeated amplifying .
using such digital [ways] , although technically difficult to do , provides better quality with no degradation of the signal with distance or repeated amplifying .

While the turkey was bred primarily for Christmas , the introduction of modern freezing techniques enabled birds to be frozen and stored .
while the turkey was bred primarily for christmas , the introduction of modern freezing [ways] enabled birds to be frozen and stored .

Have you ever been tempted to put a couple of booby trap techniques in there on purpose , just to screw up the poor guy transcribing it ?
have you ever been tempted to put a couple of booby trap [ways] in there on purpose , just to screw up the poor guy transcribing it ?

Example 6 is another arpeggio that utilises sweep techniques , but this time in conjunction with tapping .
example 6 is another arpeggio that utilises sweep [ways] , but this time in conjunction with tapping .

In addition , you 'll find this exercise is good for your alternate plucking and for building up both your left and right hand techniques .
in addition , you 'll find this exercise is good for your alternate plucking and for building up both your left and right hand [ways] .

This view of the body as a machine and little more has led to the increasing use of pharmaceutical drugs to counteract symptoms and to increasingly sophisticated surgical techniques to remove and replace diseased tissues and organs .
this view of the body as a machine and little more has led to the increasing use of pharmaceutical drugs to counteract symptoms and to increasingly sophisticated surgical [ways] to remove and replace diseased tissues and organs .

Looking back over our century one can not help feeling that despite all the research , the new drugs and the improved surgical techniques , to say nothing of the introduction of health services in many western countries , the health of our societies has declined rather than improved .
looking back over our century one can not help feeling that despite all the research , the new drugs and the improved surgical [ways] , to say nothing of the introduction of health services in many western countries , the health of our societies has declined rather than improved .

It is a possibility which should always be borne in mind when neck spasm is being treated , particularly if it does not respond as expected to tension-release techniques .
it is a possibility which should always be borne in mind when neck spasm is being treated , particularly if it does not respond as expected to tension-release [ways] .

Work in this field was for many years hampered by a lack of techniques sufficiently sensitive to detect changes in the solutions under study and by a rigid and over-simplified view of the nature of solutions .
work in this field was for many years hampered by a lack of [ways] sufficiently sensitive to detect changes in the solutions under study and by a rigid and over-simplified view of the nature of solutions .

The increasingly sensitive techniques now available offer an unparalleled opportunity for fuller research into the nature of homoeopathic potencies .
the increasingly sensitive [ways] now available offer an unparalleled opportunity for fuller research into the nature of homoeopathic potencies .

Creative meditation techniques can be of great value here .
creative meditation [ways] can be of great value here .

Techniques for avoiding victimization have become a serious preoccupation : more locks on doors and windows , fewer visits after dark to family , friends , and places of entertainment , avoidance of underground and empty train carriages , mace sprays or personal alarm sirens held nervously in coat pockets , a growing unwillingness to be neighbourly or engage in local collective enterprises , furtive suspicious glances at any stranger , and attempts to avoid any encounter except with the most trusted and close friends .
[ways] for avoiding victimization have become a serious preoccupation : more locks on doors and windows , fewer visits after dark to family , friends , and places of entertainment , avoidance of underground and empty train carriages , mace sprays or personal alarm sirens held nervously in coat pockets , a growing unwillingness to be neighbourly or engage in local collective enterprises , furtive suspicious glances at any stranger , and attempts to avoid any encounter except with the most trusted and close friends .

Competitors — technological breakthroughs ; price structure ; marketing techniques ; mergers ; new or expanding markets ;
competitors — technological breakthroughs ; price structure ; marketing [ways] ; mergers ; new or expanding markets ;

By the use of these techniques of neutralization , which are themselves embedded in the ‘ structural immorality ’ of corporations , executives are able to violate the law without feeling guilt or denting their respectable self-image .
by the use of these [ways] of neutralization , which are themselves embedded in the ‘ structural immorality ’ of corporations , executives are able to violate the law without feeling guilt or denting their respectable self-image .

Recruitment videos are sometimes shown , and advisory sessions may include applying for jobs , interview techniques , and general issues related to job hunting .
recruitment videos are sometimes shown , and advisory sessions may include applying for jobs , interview [ways] , and general issues related to job hunting .

They differ from more traditional educational techniques which focussed more on theoretical and practical knowledge .
they differ from more traditional educational [ways] which focussed more on theoretical and practical knowledge .

Nor can she merely learn a mechanical set of techniques .
nor can she merely learn a mechanical set of [ways] .

Water safety demonstrations will also take place and there will be a chance to learn first aid and resuscitation techniques as well as enjoying lake cruises and illustrated talks .
water safety demonstrations will also take place and there will be a chance to learn first aid and resuscitation [ways] as well as enjoying lake cruises and illustrated talks .

It should be noted that although the system described often refers to the particular data for on-line cursive script recognition , the techniques used are equally applicable to other forms of recognition .
it should be noted that although the system described often refers to the particular data for on-line cursive script recognition , the [ways] used are equally applicable to other forms of recognition .

In the future it is envisaged that all three methods will be available as alternative input techniques for computers , perhaps including shorthand as a fourth .
in the future it is envisaged that all three methods will be available as alternative input [ways] for computers , perhaps including shorthand as a fourth .

Pattern recognition techniques that have most often been applied to script include spatial analysis methods ( where strokes are coded by a numbering system on a grid ) which are easy to implement but are only suitable for unconnected characters , and will be user dependent in order to keep the database of character codings small and accuracy high .
pattern recognition [ways] that have most often been applied to script include spatial analysis methods ( where strokes are coded by a numbering system on a grid ) which are easy to implement but are only suitable for unconnected characters , and will be user dependent in order to keep the database of character codings small and accuracy high .

Vector chain coding techniques ( e.g .
vector chain coding [ways] ( e.g .

More commonly applied recognition techniques split cursive words into a number of smaller parts .
more commonly applied recognition [ways] split cursive words into a number of smaller parts .

Recognition of these resulting segments utilise techniques similar to those used in systems for unconnected characters .
recognition of these resulting segments utilise [ways] similar to those used in systems for unconnected characters .

Much research effort is still being expended into different segmentation methods and a number of new techniques have recently been reported ( Wright , 1989 ; Kadirkamanathan and Rayner , 1990 ; Teulings et al , 1990 ; Higgins and Ford , 1991a ) .
much research effort is still being expended into different segmentation methods and a number of new [ways] have recently been reported ( wright , 1989 ; kadirkamanathan and rayner , 1990 ; teulings et al , 1990 ; higgins and ford , 1991a ) .

Alternative identifications were produced which were then reduced by post-processing techniques .
alternative identifications were produced which were then reduced by post-processing [ways] .

Dictionary look-up techniques represent the top-down approach , and involve verifying the input word by matching it with a dictionary word .
dictionary look-up [ways] represent the top-down approach , and involve verifying the input word by matching it with a dictionary word .

More complex techniques have been developed for approximate string matching , allowing for possible spelling or recognition errors in the input word ( Hall and Dowling , 1980 ; Kashyap and Oommen , 1984 ) .
more complex [ways] have been developed for approximate string matching , allowing for possible spelling or recognition errors in the input word ( hall and dowling , 1980 ; kashyap and oommen , 1984 ) .

For example , whole word recognition techniques are only effective for domains with restricted vocabularies .
for example , whole word recognition [ways] are only effective for domains with restricted vocabularies .

Segmentation based techniques produce alternative characters and therefore introduce more ambiguity .
segmentation based [ways] produce alternative characters and therefore introduce more ambiguity .

The aim of the present system is to improve the recognition rates of a cursive script recogniser by implementing techniques using linguistic information for a large vocabulary .
the aim of the present system is to improve the recognition rates of a cursive script recogniser by implementing [ways] using linguistic information for a large vocabulary .

Techniques for effectively implementing a lexical check by machine are discussed and compared .
[ways] for effectively implementing a lexical check by machine are discussed and compared .

Two techniques which have been used to check strings of characters are n-gram look-up , and a lexical check ( whole word look-up ) .
two [ways] which have been used to check strings of characters are n-gram look-up , and a lexical check ( whole word look-up ) .

The efficacy of these two techniques will now be compared .
the efficacy of these two [ways] will now be compared .

However such hybrid techniques mean the searching algorithm is not quite so straightforward , which is a major disadvantage for this type of application .
however such hybrid [ways] mean the searching algorithm is not quite so straightforward , which is a major disadvantage for this type of application .

There is a class of popular storage and search methods known as hashing ( hash encoding ) or scatter storage techniques ( Knuth , 1973 ; Aho et al , 1983 ; Cooper and Clancy , 1985 ; see also section 5.4.3 ) .
there is a class of popular storage and search methods known as hashing ( hash encoding ) or scatter storage [ways] ( knuth , 1973 ; aho et al , 1983 ; cooper and clancy , 1985 ; see also section 5.4.3 ) .

Hashing techniques are very fast , but do not allow the study of sub-word letter sequences , which is particularly important in this case , as explained in section 3.3 below .
hashing [ways] are very fast , but do not allow the study of sub-word letter sequences , which is particularly important in this case , as explained in section 3.3 below .

These may be standard algorithms , or alternative techniques may be suggested by the specific types of error produced in the system .
these may be standard algorithms , or alternative [ways] may be suggested by the specific types of error produced in the system .

Alternative techniques are probabilistic , using constituent analysis ( n-grams or string segments ) , which are faster than lexicon search routines , but less precise .
alternative [ways] are probabilistic , using constituent analysis ( n-grams or string segments ) , which are faster than lexicon search routines , but less precise .

There are also hybrid techniques which use some of both look-up and constituent analysis .
there are also hybrid [ways] which use some of both look-up and constituent analysis .

Common literature methods ( Tappert , 1982 ; Hall and Dowling , 1980 ; Berghel , 1987 ) have used string matching techniques , ( e.g .
common literature methods ( tappert , 1982 ; hall and dowling , 1980 ; berghel , 1987 ) have used string matching [ways] , ( e.g .

Having found a set of words from the lexicon which may be the correct spelling of an identified misspelling , common correction techniques compute an index of matching for each candidate word .
having found a set of words from the lexicon which may be the correct spelling of an identified misspelling , common correction [ways] compute an index of matching for each candidate word .

The following sections analyse the types of errors found from test data from the script recognition system , and discuss the feasibility and effectiveness of applying standard spelling correction techniques .
the following sections analyse the types of errors found from test data from the script recognition system , and discuss the feasibility and effectiveness of applying standard spelling correction [ways] .

If correction techniques are employed upon the list of allowable strings , the intended word may still not be found because it is sufficiently different from the entries in the existing list of allowable strings .
if correction [ways] are employed upon the list of allowable strings , the intended word may still not be found because it is sufficiently different from the entries in the existing list of allowable strings .

In many cases this list already numbers over 100 , so correction techniques applied to such a long list would probably take too long to be worthwhile implementing , and the results from such techniques would produce many more candidates which would all have to be processed through the remaining stages of the recognition system .
in many cases this list already numbers over 100 , so correction [ways] applied to such a long list would probably take too long to be worthwhile implementing , and the results from such [ways] would produce many more candidates which would all have to be processed through the remaining stages of the recognition system .

Alternatively these techniques could be applied to every one of the candidate strings for each word position identified as a potential error ( again it should be noted that this assumes that errors can be identified , which may be doubtful for our system ) .
alternatively these [ways] could be applied to every one of the candidate strings for each word position identified as a potential error ( again it should be noted that this assumes that errors can be identified , which may be doubtful for our system ) .

As explained above , attempting correction on all candidate strings would reach explosive proportions in most cases , but correction techniques can be directed , in order to reduce the number of strings on which the algorithms are tried .
as explained above , attempting correction on all candidate strings would reach explosive proportions in most cases , but correction [ways] can be directed , in order to reduce the number of strings on which the algorithms are tried .

The above discussions have noted that in general , error detection and correction are difficult techniques to implement , especially given the ambiguous nature of script recognition data .
the above discussions have noted that in general , error detection and correction are difficult [ways] to implement , especially given the ambiguous nature of script recognition data .

Algorithms such as reversing sequences of ie to ei following a letter c are effective first attempts before going on to more complicated techniques , or even instead of such techniques which may turn out to be counter-productive in terms of time taken and the number of candidates produced .
algorithms such as reversing sequences of ie to ei following a letter c are effective first attempts before going on to more complicated [ways] , or even instead of such [ways] which may turn out to be counter-productive in terms of time taken and the number of candidates produced .

More traditional error correcting techniques can be used as a last resort , and if they are applied to just the top-rated candidate string this should avoid the potentially explosive problem .
more traditional error correcting [ways] can be used as a last resort , and if they are applied to just the top-rated candidate string this should avoid the potentially explosive problem .

The preceding sections investigated a number of potentially useful techniques to aid Case 1 , namely reducing the number of candidate words found by the word look-up .
the preceding sections investigated a number of potentially useful [ways] to aid case 1 , namely reducing the number of candidate words found by the word look-up .

Pattern recognition techniques were introduced , specifically those used for handwriting .
pattern recognition [ways] were introduced , specifically those used for handwriting .

Techniques for the integration of further levels of processing were discussed along with information needed by and produced by each level .
[ways] for the integration of further levels of processing were discussed along with information needed by and produced by each level .

Such errors were studied , along with traditional error correction techniques .
such errors were studied , along with traditional error correction [ways] .

The techniques are more generally applicable to all areas of text recognition .
the [ways] are more generally applicable to all areas of text recognition .

To provide a user-friendly environment based upon the latest Human Computer Interface techniques , the script recognition system could incorporate an interactive gesture-based front-end ( Welbourn and Whitrow , 1989 ; Wilson and Whitrow , forthcoming ) .
to provide a user-friendly environment based upon the latest human computer interface [ways] , the script recognition system could incorporate an interactive gesture-based front-end ( welbourn and whitrow , 1989 ; wilson and whitrow , forthcoming ) .

The pattern recogniser should be improved , perhaps by the use of some interactive techniques whereby the recogniser and the lexical look-up work together so that the look-up may be able to predict which characters could be next within a word .
the pattern recogniser should be improved , perhaps by the use of some interactive [ways] whereby the recogniser and the lexical look-up work together so that the look-up may be able to predict which characters could be next within a word .

Whole word recognition would appear to have its place especially when used in conjunction with other recognition techniques , but the current recogniser does not supply this type of information .
whole word recognition would appear to have its place especially when used in conjunction with other recognition [ways] , but the current recogniser does not supply this type of information .

The preceding chapters have indicated some areas where improvements need to be made , and have suggested some techniques for this .
the preceding chapters have indicated some areas where improvements need to be made , and have suggested some [ways] for this .

‘ They should judge him purely on his ability as a player and what they are actually saying is that their man-management techniques are n't up to scratch .
‘ they should judge him purely on his ability as a player and what they are actually saying is that their man-management [ways] are n't up to scratch .

It is very convenient to blame the failure of the English players ' batting techniques on us .
it is very convenient to blame the failure of the english players ' batting [ways] on us .

Amanda Hornett , six , and newborn Sophia Pepperrell are the oldest and youngest children conceived through Professor Robert Winston 's pioneering test tube techniques at Hammersmith hospital in London .
amanda hornett , six , and newborn sophia pepperrell are the oldest and youngest children conceived through professor robert winston 's pioneering test tube [ways] at hammersmith hospital in london .

Then , returning to the weapon of ridicule , he wondered why ministers refuse to use the management techniques they want others to apply .
then , returning to the weapon of ridicule , he wondered why ministers refuse to use the management [ways] they want others to apply .

At one time the midsoles of all mountain boots incorporated a steel or wooden shank in their construction , but modern techniques mean that now manufacturers almost always use injection-moulded plastics to give the right degree of flex and/or stiffening .
at one time the midsoles of all mountain boots incorporated a steel or wooden shank in their construction , but modern [ways] mean that now manufacturers almost always use injection-moulded plastics to give the right degree of flex and/or stiffening .

There are , however , various techniques a girl can employ to reduce excess poundage without risking over-exertion .
there are , however , various [ways] a girl can employ to reduce excess poundage without risking over-exertion .

This should encourage a more fluid game with better techniques in rucking and mauling .
this should encourage a more fluid game with better [ways] in rucking and mauling .

Body positions , lineout techniques , defensive alignments , all need a good shake down .
body positions , lineout [ways] , defensive alignments , all need a good shake down .

‘ To provide a modern , high technology environment in which to consolidate company activities engaged in the development of software and systems using state-of-the-art techniques ;
‘ to provide a modern , high technology environment in which to consolidate company activities engaged in the development of software and systems using state-of-the-art [ways] ;

Through Scripture , formal teaching , exploration , investigation and other appropriate educational techniques , the children are drawn into an understanding of the Church , its authority , its sacramental life , its liturgy and morality .
through scripture , formal teaching , exploration , investigation and other appropriate educational [ways] , the children are drawn into an understanding of the church , its authority , its sacramental life , its liturgy and morality .

To obtain a clear white wine from black grapes Dom Pérignon would have had to employ sophisticated pressing techniques ; it is most likely , therefore , that it was Pérignon who invented the traditional Champagne press , designed exactly for this purpose .
to obtain a clear white wine from black grapes dom pérignon would have had to employ sophisticated pressing [ways] ; it is most likely , therefore , that it was pérignon who invented the traditional champagne press , designed exactly for this purpose .

With the advance of viticultural techniques the volume of grapes produced in Champagne naturally tended to rise and , always provided that they did not over-produce — a responsibility of ComCon which must be ratified by the non-partisan decree of the minister of agriculture — the quality of the fruit yielded also rose .
with the advance of viticultural [ways] the volume of grapes produced in champagne naturally tended to rise and , always provided that they did not over-produce — a responsibility of comcon which must be ratified by the non-partisan decree of the minister of agriculture — the quality of the fruit yielded also rose .

Sew together as in making up techniques but without piping .
sew together as in making up [ways] but without piping .

Crawshaw guides the beginner through the basic methods and techniques of oil painting , clearly explaining each process and offering advice and encouragement at every stage .
crawshaw guides the beginner through the basic methods and [ways] of oil painting , clearly explaining each process and offering advice and encouragement at every stage .

Effective gathering techniques with ruthless evaluation .
effective gathering [ways] with ruthless evaluation .

‘ .. it will be a great disappointment to those looking for advice on the best available techniques of traffic management , or integrated transport and land use planning .
‘ .. it will be a great disappointment to those looking for advice on the best available [ways] of traffic management , or integrated transport and land use planning .

In default of numerical techniques to quantify these principles they are easily ignored or undervalued . '
in default of numerical [ways] to quantify these principles they are easily ignored or undervalued . '

Later , he had moved away from these classical designs ; he had become interested in Arabic jewellery , she said , and in their techniques of wiring jewels so delicately and invisibly that they moved with their wearer .
later , he had moved away from these classical designs ; he had become interested in arabic jewellery , she said , and in their [ways] of wiring jewels so delicately and invisibly that they moved with their wearer .

The success of the symposium may be measured by the invitation from our Polish colleagues for 1993 and also , in the Development Centre , the implementation of techniques taught last year and reinforced by the June exchange visit .
the success of the symposium may be measured by the invitation from our polish colleagues for 1993 and also , in the development centre , the implementation of [ways] taught last year and reinforced by the june exchange visit .

We all admired his integrity as well as his great knowledge of techniques and painters of the past .
we all admired his integrity as well as his great knowledge of [ways] and painters of the past .

Even as you become more familiar with materials and techniques , there is still a tendency to play safe and work in areas you consider to be easier .
even as you become more familiar with materials and [ways] , there is still a tendency to play safe and work in areas you consider to be easier .

Looking through the advertisements in magazines , suppliers ' catalogues and the shelves of art shops it is certainly obvious that there is a huge choice of instructional art videos currently available — probably about 200 ! Covering a wide variety of subjects and techniques and , of course with equal variety in the quality of their content and production , videos are fast becoming a cheaper , more accessible and very informative and successful learning tool .
looking through the advertisements in magazines , suppliers ' catalogues and the shelves of art shops it is certainly obvious that there is a huge choice of instructional art videos currently available — probably about 200 ! covering a wide variety of subjects and [ways] and , of course with equal variety in the quality of their content and production , videos are fast becoming a cheaper , more accessible and very informative and successful learning tool .

However , the great advantage of a good video is that you can actually witness the process of developing a piece of work , stage by stage , and be shown individual techniques , as well as be informed and entertained .
however , the great advantage of a good video is that you can actually witness the process of developing a piece of work , stage by stage , and be shown individual [ways] , as well as be informed and entertained .

Sometimes it is good to get away from the particular disciplines of our own medium and techniques and try something else .
sometimes it is good to get away from the particular disciplines of our own medium and [ways] and try something else .

Several videos on less obvious techniques have also impressed me this year .
several videos on less obvious [ways] have also impressed me this year .

On the evening of December 15 , starting at 6.30 pm , members of the institute will give demonstrations of their various techniques , and at 7.30 pm a lecture will be given by the head of the Modern British Art Department of Christie 's .
on the evening of december 15 , starting at 6.30 pm , members of the institute will give demonstrations of their various [ways] , and at 7.30 pm a lecture will be given by the head of the modern british art department of christie 's .

On Saturday December 5 there will be a workshop which will explore the ideas and techniques of modern artists , with practical and informal discussions on the artists , with practical and informal discussions on the artists concerned .
on saturday december 5 there will be a workshop which will explore the ideas and [ways] of modern artists , with practical and informal discussions on the artists , with practical and informal discussions on the artists concerned .

The Artist 's Handbook Of Materials And Techniques
the artist 's handbook of materials and [ways]

But it would certainly not be an effective strategy for raising those levels — for introducing new , improved and professionally challenging skills , techniques and approaches into the system .
but it would certainly not be an effective strategy for raising those levels — for introducing new , improved and professionally challenging skills , [ways] and approaches into the system .

Of course , other interpretations of teaching quality which considered how far different techniques and approaches were chosen to match the circumstances in hand , and others rejected as inappropriate or which respected teachers as active and rational interpreters of their task and the conditions in which it is carried out , might suggest policy implications that would be more troublesome to manage , more expensive to implement , less easy to evaluate in the short term .
of course , other interpretations of teaching quality which considered how far different [ways] and approaches were chosen to match the circumstances in hand , and others rejected as inappropriate or which respected teachers as active and rational interpreters of their task and the conditions in which it is carried out , might suggest policy implications that would be more troublesome to manage , more expensive to implement , less easy to evaluate in the short term .

These , then , are the techniques , rules and procedures which are widely adopted as part of the practical management of large cohorts of pupils .
these , then , are the [ways] , rules and procedures which are widely adopted as part of the practical management of large cohorts of pupils .

The work attempted in the classroom was often constrained by exclusive emphasis placed on the examination syllabus , on topics thought to be favoured by the examiners and on the acquisition of examination techniques .
the work attempted in the classroom was often constrained by exclusive emphasis placed on the examination syllabus , on topics thought to be favoured by the examiners and on the acquisition of examination [ways] .

74–100 for a discussion of this and related techniques . )
74–100 for a discussion of this and related [ways] . )

In particular it is necessary to consider the graded assessment movement , variously called graded tests or graduated assessments , and experiments with modular accreditation techniques .
in particular it is necessary to consider the graded assessment movement , variously called graded tests or graduated assessments , and experiments with modular accreditation [ways] .

It is particularly concerned that assessments should not falsely accuse parents and families on the basis of unproven diagnostic and predictive techniques .
it is particularly concerned that assessments should not falsely accuse parents and families on the basis of unproven diagnostic and predictive [ways] .

These will then be combined with other statistical and advanced graphics techniques that will enable users to visualise the model generated by the network .
these will then be combined with other statistical and advanced graphics [ways] that will enable users to visualise the model generated by the network .

At this point the literature of economic analysis fades into reluctant acceptance of the answer having to be sought in social , cultural and political attitudes and relationships , elements which are not susceptible to quantitative techniques [ Carter , 1981 ] .
at this point the literature of economic analysis fades into reluctant acceptance of the answer having to be sought in social , cultural and political attitudes and relationships , elements which are not susceptible to quantitative [ways] [ carter , 1981 ] .

More careful and critical studies reveal the all too well-known pattern of the failure of British workers to employ new techniques as effectively as their foreign counterparts , to both their own and the general loss [ Dore , 1973 ; Pratten , 1976b ] .
more careful and critical studies reveal the all too well-known pattern of the failure of british workers to employ new [ways] as effectively as their foreign counterparts , to both their own and the general loss [ dore , 1973 ; pratten , 1976b ] .

Frequent references to German and Japanese experience failed to recognise that their export drives ( based on new goods , new markets and new marketing techniques ) had been made in the 1950s and their very success changed the trading world as well as their own economies .
frequent references to german and japanese experience failed to recognise that their export drives ( based on new goods , new markets and new marketing [ways] ) had been made in the 1950s and their very success changed the trading world as well as their own economies .

Indeed , a striking feature of post-war economic growth has been the increasing importance of techniques of persuasion : only by stimulating wants and keeping consumers in a state of dissatisfaction is it possible to secure high levels of demand for much of the output of modern industrial economies .
indeed , a striking feature of post-war economic growth has been the increasing importance of [ways] of persuasion : only by stimulating wants and keeping consumers in a state of dissatisfaction is it possible to secure high levels of demand for much of the output of modern industrial economies .

Many different argon laser techniques have been described , but after analysis these are essentially the same , with laser-tissue interaction times that exceed the ideal ( see below ) by at least one order of magnitude .
many different argon laser [ways] have been described , but after analysis these are essentially the same , with laser-tissue interaction times that exceed the ideal ( see below ) by at least one order of magnitude .

Ethnography — literally , textual description of particular cultures — also describes the techniques used to achieve an understanding of the beliefs and practices of specific groups , be they medical students or ethnic groups within Britain .
ethnography — literally , textual description of particular cultures — also describes the [ways] used to achieve an understanding of the beliefs and practices of specific groups , be they medical students or ethnic groups within britain .

What you can and must do , however , is ensure that all the investigators are expert in every sense in the techniques of investigation and au fait with all aspects of operating modern aircraft , particularly the large public transport types , but they must also have access to reliable and impartial specialists in the type of aircraft concerned .
what you can and must do , however , is ensure that all the investigators are expert in every sense in the [ways] of investigation and au fait with all aspects of operating modern aircraft , particularly the large public transport types , but they must also have access to reliable and impartial specialists in the type of aircraft concerned .

To allow sufficient time in the post for training in investigation techniques and the all-important legal aspects and also for the accumulation of a broad experience at this fairly unusual job , it is desirable to recruit inspectors at a reasonably early period in their career , especially if they are ultimately to rise to supervisory or management positions in the organisation .
to allow sufficient time in the post for training in investigation [ways] and the all-important legal aspects and also for the accumulation of a broad experience at this fairly unusual job , it is desirable to recruit inspectors at a reasonably early period in their career , especially if they are ultimately to rise to supervisory or management positions in the organisation .

This covers a remarkably wide field starting at the installation , calibration and purely functional end of flight recorders and leading on through their recovery from the wreckage and the techniques of repairing and reading damaged recordings to the ultimate interpretation of the spoken words and environmental noises in the cockpit and the determination of the aerodynamic implications of recorded data .
this covers a remarkably wide field starting at the installation , calibration and purely functional end of flight recorders and leading on through their recovery from the wreckage and the [ways] of repairing and reading damaged recordings to the ultimate interpretation of the spoken words and environmental noises in the cockpit and the determination of the aerodynamic implications of recorded data .

Useful or effective investigation techniques
useful or effective investigation [ways]

The Detailed Spectrum Investigation team recommends that spectrum should be rearranged in some bands but that any shortfall should be recovered from improved frequency management techniques in other bands .
the detailed spectrum investigation team recommends that spectrum should be rearranged in some bands but that any shortfall should be recovered from improved frequency management [ways] in other bands .

Tools , Techniques and Testing for Software Engineers
tools , [ways] and testing for software engineers

Project Management : The Critical Skills and Techniques
project management : the critical skills and [ways]

From fundamental concepts to the most advanced techniques in use today , this seminar will give you a comprehensive understanding of the techniques you can use to put together a winning combination for yourself in the Information Age .
from fundamental concepts to the most advanced [ways] in use today , this seminar will give you a comprehensive understanding of the [ways] you can use to put together a winning combination for yourself in the information age .

We will conclude with tactical considerations of network design , performance evaluation , and network management and security techniques .
we will conclude with tactical considerations of network design , performance evaluation , and network management and security [ways] .

• Traditional Financial Techniques
• traditional financial [ways]

Instruction in some simple relaxation techniques .
instruction in some simple relaxation [ways] .

In the Karrass Workshop you experience how to apply new skills ad techniques in real life situations .
in the karrass workshop you experience how to apply new skills ad [ways] in real life situations .

Our research stations are constantly using the most advanced techniques to evaluate and improve products and systems for the benefit of all our customers .
our research stations are constantly using the most advanced [ways] to evaluate and improve products and systems for the benefit of all our customers .

On balance , traditional methods of training are up to 40% more expensive than the open learning techniques such as those practised by the Open Business School .
on balance , traditional methods of training are up to 40% more expensive than the open learning [ways] such as those practised by the open business school .

The Brahman Centre for learning mental skills is in Provence and you 'll be one of a select few at a time to be taught these techniques .
the brahman centre for learning mental skills is in provence and you 'll be one of a select few at a time to be taught these [ways] .

Plus all the benefits of the latest high technology recording techniques for unsurpassed audio quality .
plus all the benefits of the latest high technology recording [ways] for unsurpassed audio quality .

Composer John Metcalf has introduced haunting native throat singing techniques into his vocal writing to create a score of great lyricism and dramatic intensity , which combines strikingly with the powerful stage images .
composer john metcalf has introduced haunting native throat singing [ways] into his vocal writing to create a score of great lyricism and dramatic intensity , which combines strikingly with the powerful stage images .

You 'll learn the ingenious techniques that make mouthwatering food nutritious .
you 'll learn the ingenious [ways] that make mouthwatering food nutritious .

Step-by-step techniques , nutritious guidelines and a special microwave section make this the most comprehensive cookbook on vegetables you 'll ever read .
step-by-step [ways] , nutritious guidelines and a special microwave section make this the most comprehensive cookbook on vegetables you 'll ever read .

These ‘ state of the art ’ foam systems offer the ultimate in modern re-roofing techniques .
these ‘ state of the art ’ foam systems offer the ultimate in modern re-roofing [ways] .

• Examining Object-Oriented Techniques Using QuickPascal
• examining object-oriented [ways] using quickpascal

Since time immemorial , Roman hand crafting building techniques have excited the imagination .
since time immemorial , roman hand crafting building [ways] have excited the imagination .

And our competitors are still envious of our unique techniques — handed down for generations to last a lifetime .
and our competitors are still envious of our unique [ways] — handed down for generations to last a lifetime .

From concept through to completion , Transplastix employs only the most skilled of techniques and technicians .
from concept through to completion , transplastix employs only the most skilled of [ways] and technicians .

Today , using our standard Components and techniques , we can work to your plans or our own designs , to produce the most attractive and economical structures .
today , using our standard components and [ways] , we can work to your plans or our own designs , to produce the most attractive and economical structures .

She is available with a three or four double cabin layout with the option of two or three heads and is built with a 5 year hull guarantee , using the latest moulding and construction techniques incorporating bi-directional materials , isothalic gelcoats and resins with carbon fibre or Kevlar at high stress areas .
she is available with a three or four double cabin layout with the option of two or three heads and is built with a 5 year hull guarantee , using the latest moulding and construction [ways] incorporating bi-directional materials , isothalic gelcoats and resins with carbon fibre or kevlar at high stress areas .

Awards were on offer for the best use of individual techniques , plus a section judged on the ‘ total look ’ .
awards were on offer for the best use of individual [ways] , plus a section judged on the ‘ total look ’ .

During the second year , having learned techniques in the institute 's own well-equipped salon , they gain work experience by spending four weeks in a commercial setting .
during the second year , having learned [ways] in the institute 's own well-equipped salon , they gain work experience by spending four weeks in a commercial setting .

Discovering new treatments and techniques in the fight against cancer is the aim of the Tenovus research teams .
discovering new treatments and [ways] in the fight against cancer is the aim of the tenovus research teams .

Crawshaw guides the beginner through the basic methods and techniques of oil painting , clearly explaining each process and offering advice and encouragement at every stage .
crawshaw guides the beginner through the basic methods and [ways] of oil painting , clearly explaining each process and offering advice and encouragement at every stage .

Engineering geophysics techniques are used in mapping disturbed ground , which is an important aspect of the onshore survey programme , particularly in urban areas .
engineering geophysics [ways] are used in mapping disturbed ground , which is an important aspect of the onshore survey programme , particularly in urban areas .

Earth-science techniques applicable to archaeology have been successfully publicised during the year .
earth-science [ways] applicable to archaeology have been successfully publicised during the year .

About a third of these sheets will be surveyed by rapid mapping techniques ; the rest will be covered by detailed resurvey at 1:10 000 .
about a third of these sheets will be surveyed by rapid mapping [ways] ; the rest will be covered by detailed resurvey at 1:10 000 .

Between Redgrave and Marlesford in Suffolk , the structure of the Chalk basement , its relation to the Crag basins and the continuity of aquifers in the Plio-Pleistocene sequence are being investigated by resistivity and gravimetric techniques and by boreholes for Suffolk Water plc .
between redgrave and marlesford in suffolk , the structure of the chalk basement , its relation to the crag basins and the continuity of aquifers in the plio-pleistocene sequence are being investigated by resistivity and gravimetric [ways] and by boreholes for suffolk water plc .

Image processing techniques can be used to add the components together to form a composite image of the rock and to measure the proportions of the various minerals .
image processing [ways] can be used to add the components together to form a composite image of the rock and to measure the proportions of the various minerals .

The long-term objective is to develop techniques for displaying a unified three-dimensional representation of the geology , in which the interpretation based on data from surface mapping and borehole evidence is constrained by interpretations of gravity , magnetic , seismic reflection , electrical conductivity and any other relevant geophysical data .
the long-term objective is to develop [ways] for displaying a unified three-dimensional representation of the geology , in which the interpretation based on data from surface mapping and borehole evidence is constrained by interpretations of gravity , magnetic , seismic reflection , electrical conductivity and any other relevant geophysical data .

These techniques allow the anisotropic parameters to be estimated more reliably and computed a hundred times as fast as previously .
these [ways] allow the anisotropic parameters to be estimated more reliably and computed a hundred times as fast as previously .

Oil companies have provided datasets for testing these new techniques .
oil companies have provided datasets for testing these new [ways] .

Development of geophysical techniques
development of geophysical [ways]

Remote sensing , engineering geophysics and hydrogeological techniques are being used in a study in south-east Zimbabwe aimed at improving the success rate of boreholes and dug wells so as to improve the provision of a reliable supply of clean water to rural communities in developing countries , particularly in semiarid tropical regions where droughts are frequent .
remote sensing , engineering geophysics and hydrogeological [ways] are being used in a study in south-east zimbabwe aimed at improving the success rate of boreholes and dug wells so as to improve the provision of a reliable supply of clean water to rural communities in developing countries , particularly in semiarid tropical regions where droughts are frequent .

None of the surface techniques gave a well-defined and unambiguous response , and the yields of boreholes tapping these features were generally disappointing , suggesting that fracturing is not well developed at depth .
none of the surface [ways] gave a well-defined and unambiguous response , and the yields of boreholes tapping these features were generally disappointing , suggesting that fracturing is not well developed at depth .

These programmes comprise resource studies , energy studies , development of techniques , hydrogeology , and environmental and engineering geology .
these programmes comprise resource studies , energy studies , development of [ways] , hydrogeology , and environmental and engineering geology .

An ongoing project is concerned with the assessment of mineral deposits such as building materials and industrial minerals for local use ( which are of little interest to international mining companies ) , and the development of techniques for beneficiating minerals from such deposits .
an ongoing project is concerned with the assessment of mineral deposits such as building materials and industrial minerals for local use ( which are of little interest to international mining companies ) , and the development of [ways] for beneficiating minerals from such deposits .

Development of techniques The project to demonstrate and evaluate the use of a towed seabed gamma-ray spectrometer in Far Eastern waters continues .
development of [ways] the project to demonstrate and evaluate the use of a towed seabed gamma-ray spectrometer in far eastern waters continues .

Staff working on a project to integrate geochemical data into a series of world geochemical maps have applied various techniques to establish a common format and to adjust sampling densities from the various regions to a common level .
staff working on a project to integrate geochemical data into a series of world geochemical maps have applied various [ways] to establish a common format and to adjust sampling densities from the various regions to a common level .

She underwent open heart surgery in a bid to solve the problem , but now needs an artery widened using the new techniques .
she underwent open heart surgery in a bid to solve the problem , but now needs an artery widened using the new [ways] .

Much research into early Anglo-Saxon England is accompanied by a high degree of innocence , with time-honoured methods being applied despite their failure to deepen understanding of man 's past ; techniques applied to other periods tend to be excluded as though they are not relevant to an historic period .
much research into early anglo-saxon england is accompanied by a high degree of innocence , with time-honoured methods being applied despite their failure to deepen understanding of man 's past ; [ways] applied to other periods tend to be excluded as though they are not relevant to an historic period .

Published reports reveal the greater desire for detail and the development of new techniques to cope with the particular problems of early Anglo-Saxon cemeteries .
published reports reveal the greater desire for detail and the development of new [ways] to cope with the particular problems of early anglo-saxon cemeteries .

The major changes in other branches of archaeology , particularly prehistory , which resulted from the development of independent dating techniques , has stimulated a move away from the mere grouping of artefacts to represent ‘ cultures ’ using typologies , in part , to provide the time scale , with varying degrees of success .
the major changes in other branches of archaeology , particularly prehistory , which resulted from the development of independent dating [ways] , has stimulated a move away from the mere grouping of artefacts to represent ‘ cultures ’ using typologies , in part , to provide the time scale , with varying degrees of success .

But by the 17805 and 17905 — the years of Wordsworth 's youth — the new advances in techniques of production began to provoke widespread comment .
but by the 17805 and 17905 — the years of wordsworth 's youth — the new advances in [ways] of production began to provoke widespread comment .

We will illustrate the techniques involved by solving examples but the general principles should emerge sufficiently clearly to be readily applied to any problem .
we will illustrate the [ways] involved by solving examples but the general principles should emerge sufficiently clearly to be readily applied to any problem .

The programme 's objectives were to help parents define what they wished to change about their child 's behaviour , to learn techniques for doing so , and to share their own feelings with others in a similar situation .
the programme 's objectives were to help parents define what they wished to change about their child 's behaviour , to learn [ways] for doing so , and to share their own feelings with others in a similar situation .

Most hospital techniques are not suitable and do not work for clients at home .
most hospital [ways] are not suitable and do not work for clients at home .

One important consideration is that techniques can be developed to stimulate the healing process and prevent the spread of pathogens which may inhibit wound healing .
one important consideration is that [ways] can be developed to stimulate the healing process and prevent the spread of pathogens which may inhibit wound healing .

Careful nursing diagnosis techniques
careful nursing diagnosis [ways]

Effective assessment and recording techniques
effective assessment and recording [ways]

It is amazing what a difference these simple techniques can make .
it is amazing what a difference these simple [ways] can make .

There are countless different techniques for manifesting what we want , using the tools of desire , imagination and expectancy . Here are three simple but powerful techniques which Lazaris suggests ' :
there are countless different [ways] for manifesting what we want , using the tools of desire , imagination and expectancy . here are three simple but powerful [ways] which lazaris suggests ' :

Metaphysical techniques are just interim measures while we are learning to love .
metaphysical [ways] are just interim measures while we are learning to love .

The power does not lie in the techniques , but in love .
the power does not lie in the [ways] , but in love .

To achieve this garden health , she underwrites some of the time-honoured techniques of manuring , weeding and rotating crops in combination with the everdeveloping new materials : fleecy translucent protective coverings , for instance , or improved strains of seeds .
to achieve this garden health , she underwrites some of the time-honoured [ways] of manuring , weeding and rotating crops in combination with the everdeveloping new materials : fleecy translucent protective coverings , for instance , or improved strains of seeds .

There are those who have written from a managerial perspective and concentrated on techniques for gaining acceptance from workers and their unions for the introduction of new technology .
there are those who have written from a managerial perspective and concentrated on [ways] for gaining acceptance from workers and their unions for the introduction of new technology .

As the demand for cotton goods rose ( partly owing to economic growth caused by advances in agricultural techniques and extended foreign trade ) cotton production shifted from the putting-out system to mills being set up in the rapidly urbanising towns .
as the demand for cotton goods rose ( partly owing to economic growth caused by advances in agricultural [ways] and extended foreign trade ) cotton production shifted from the putting-out system to mills being set up in the rapidly urbanising towns .

The evidence is that the discovery of basic principles of machine design , their application to large- or small-scale industrial production , and the creation of efficient managerial techniques were all independent of the creation of the factory system by nineteenth-century capitalists .
the evidence is that the discovery of basic principles of machine design , their application to large- or small-scale industrial production , and the creation of efficient managerial [ways] were all independent of the creation of the factory system by nineteenth-century capitalists .

In the face of such opposition , those managements with the wit to explore alternative strategies have adopted a range of techniques .
in the face of such opposition , those managements with the wit to explore alternative strategies have adopted a range of [ways] .

To move to a rural area and to move away in some measure from traditional routine assembly techniques was seen as a partial answer to these problems .
to move to a rural area and to move away in some measure from traditional routine assembly [ways] was seen as a partial answer to these problems .

It aims to make the student fully conversant with the modern domestic knitting machine starting with basic techniques and working through to completed garments incorporating the use of Fair Isle , slip and tuck stitches , lace and knitweave .
it aims to make the student fully conversant with the modern domestic knitting machine starting with basic [ways] and working through to completed garments incorporating the use of fair isle , slip and tuck stitches , lace and knitweave .

Shirley offers tutorials on finishing , ribber techniques , double jacquard , intarsia or the topic of your choice .
shirley offers tutorials on finishing , ribber [ways] , double jacquard , intarsia or the topic of your choice .

In addition to giving a fascinating and invaluable insight into the world of fashion , the course will provide Knitwear design and manufacturing techniques along with the marketing and production skills which are essential in running a successful design and knitwear business .
in addition to giving a fascinating and invaluable insight into the world of fashion , the course will provide knitwear design and manufacturing [ways] along with the marketing and production skills which are essential in running a successful design and knitwear business .

Although some of the structures owe a little to the age-old methods of the Chinese , with their curved bamboo spars to form bird frames , the fascinating aspect of these artforms is the introduction of techniques that are absolutely new .
although some of the structures owe a little to the age-old methods of the chinese , with their curved bamboo spars to form bird frames , the fascinating aspect of these artforms is the introduction of [ways] that are absolutely new .

Others , like Scott Skinner , have extended the artform of applique to convey bird pictures , while Tom Casselman has used commercial sign painting techniques to produce superbly intricate pictorial decoration on his Rokkaku kites .
others , like scott skinner , have extended the artform of applique to convey bird pictures , while tom casselman has used commercial sign painting [ways] to produce superbly intricate pictorial decoration on his rokkaku kites .

For , with the use of modern materials and construction techniques , the long established Sanjo Rokkaku fighting kite from Shirone , Japan , has , since 1983 , become adopted as a cult by the Western kite world .
for , with the use of modern materials and construction [ways] , the long established sanjo rokkaku fighting kite from shirone , japan , has , since 1983 , become adopted as a cult by the western kite world .

There is a promise , and strength of quality in their songwriting , but The Prayer Boat appear to have some way to paddle before they find a grasp of the studio techniques they will need to coax real spirit from their music .
there is a promise , and strength of quality in their songwriting , but the prayer boat appear to have some way to paddle before they find a grasp of the studio [ways] they will need to coax real spirit from their music .

Visualizing your opponent as he really is , without his fearsome trappings , is not easy ; and concentrating the mind , to allow you to visualize , is also an acquired skill ; but both concentration and visualization are widely taught techniques which can be mastered with practice .
visualizing your opponent as he really is , without his fearsome trappings , is not easy ; and concentrating the mind , to allow you to visualize , is also an acquired skill ; but both concentration and visualization are widely taught [ways] which can be mastered with practice .

Staying alert , being aware of what is going on , avoiding trouble and , if necessary , running for safety are all good techniques for self-preservation , but even the most careful person may one day have to fight to save himself , and to do that you need knowledge .
staying alert , being aware of what is going on , avoiding trouble and , if necessary , running for safety are all good [ways] for self-preservation , but even the most careful person may one day have to fight to save himself , and to do that you need knowledge .

Most significantly , Mirror papers introduced modern printing techniques , processed photos locally for immediate use and speeded up the presses .
most significantly , mirror papers introduced modern printing [ways] , processed photos locally for immediate use and speeded up the presses .

Expansion of a haulage business , even with the aid of computer-based distribution management techniques , inevitably means coming to terms with more rules of law .
expansion of a haulage business , even with the aid of computer-based distribution management [ways] , inevitably means coming to terms with more rules of law .

The beauty consultant will use the Colourings range of products , talking you through shades and techniques as she goes .
the beauty consultant will use the colourings range of products , talking you through shades and [ways] as she goes .

Certain men and women have a propensity for this type of spirituality and have devised techniques and disciplines to create the sense of presence within themselves .
certain men and women have a propensity for this type of spirituality and have devised [ways] and disciplines to create the sense of presence within themselves .

Again , these techniques are revealingly similar in widely different cultural contexts .
again , these [ways] are revealingly similar in widely different cultural contexts .

But the Buddhists also point out that , unless a man or woman has a special gift or potential , these techniques will not work infallibly .
but the buddhists also point out that , unless a man or woman has a special gift or potential , these [ways] will not work infallibly .

Taintless and Pure : Embalming Techniques
taintless and pure : embalming [ways]

The originator of modern embalming techniques was the eminent eighteenth-century Scottish surgeon and anatomist , William Hunter . He was dismissive of the Egyptian method of embalming , saying in 1776 :
the originator of modern embalming [ways] was the eminent eighteenth-century scottish surgeon and anatomist , william hunter . he was dismissive of the egyptian method of embalming , saying in 1776 :

The information we have on early techniques comes from contemporary and later chronicles and , during the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries , from antiquarian curiosity in the examination of coffin contents during cathedral and church restorations .
the information we have on early [ways] comes from contemporary and later chronicles and , during the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries , from antiquarian curiosity in the examination of coffin contents during cathedral and church restorations .

Other systems also being tried at the same time included dehydration and injection techniques , the latter to be perfected by a surgeon called Ruysch ( 1665–1717 ) , Professor of Anatomy at Amsterdam .
other systems also being tried at the same time included dehydration and injection [ways] , the latter to be perfected by a surgeon called ruysch ( 1665–1717 ) , professor of anatomy at amsterdam .

In eighteenth-century England , as a consequence of the demand for better preservation of anatomical specimens , many scientists and anatomists experimented with a number of techniques , including spirits of wine .
in eighteenth-century england , as a consequence of the demand for better preservation of anatomical specimens , many scientists and anatomists experimented with a number of [ways] , including spirits of wine .

The Hunters ' techniques can not , alas , be regarded as contributions to the state of the art as it then existed .
the hunters ' [ways] can not , alas , be regarded as contributions to the state of the art as it then existed .

The ‘ golden age ’ of the English funeral , as far as undertaking techniques were concerned , was the period from 1725 to 1775 and most of the finest extant coffins in public and private vaults were made during that time .
the ‘ golden age ’ of the english funeral , as far as undertaking [ways] were concerned , was the period from 1725 to 1775 and most of the finest extant coffins in public and private vaults were made during that time .

If you are eating healthily , taking regular exercise and fighting stress with relaxation techniques , you should be well on the way to having a good-looking skin .
if you are eating healthily , taking regular exercise and fighting stress with relaxation [ways] , you should be well on the way to having a good-looking skin .

There are three main groups of techniques : effleurage , which consists of skin ‘ rolling ’ , picking up and kneading ; and stroking , which includes vibrations .
there are three main groups of [ways] : effleurage , which consists of skin ‘ rolling ’ , picking up and kneading ; and stroking , which includes vibrations .

Here , for instance , there is no doubt that Niki was of substantial help in closing the deal which brought McLaren the hugely successful TAG/Porsche engine , developed by Porsche but financed and sponsored by Mansour Ojjeh , the son of the head of Techniques d'Avant Garde , a French high-tech company with a substantial role in the development of weaponry .
here , for instance , there is no doubt that niki was of substantial help in closing the deal which brought mclaren the hugely successful tag/porsche engine , developed by porsche but financed and sponsored by mansour ojjeh , the son of the head of [ways] d'avant garde , a french high-tech company with a substantial role in the development of weaponry .

George and Marie calls for concepts and techniques from an even greater range of disciplines , especially management .
george and marie calls for concepts and [ways] from an even greater range of disciplines , especially management .

The need for updating regarding information and techniques
the need for updating regarding information and [ways]

Changes in sales techniques ( e.g. co-ordinated product launches )
changes in sales [ways] ( e.g. co-ordinated product launches )

Do n't forget that timeshare hotels have to have restaurants , kitchens , bars and the like , so that the operating techniques are n't really very different .
do n't forget that timeshare hotels have to have restaurants , kitchens , bars and the like , so that the operating [ways] are n't really very different .

This is less Ben Elton-speak than naked ambition to be an admired state-of-the-art comedian who can acknowledge the wrongs of the world , shift with the politics of the time , try out new techniques ( in this case performing in theatres with a captive audience rather than in a back room full of hecklers getting up and wandering to the bar every 20 minutes ) and be funny .
this is less ben elton-speak than naked ambition to be an admired state-of-the-art comedian who can acknowledge the wrongs of the world , shift with the politics of the time , try out new [ways] ( in this case performing in theatres with a captive audience rather than in a back room full of hecklers getting up and wandering to the bar every 20 minutes ) and be funny .

It allows the bold mixture of ‘ designer ’ clothes with market stall finds , customised and recycled techniques , as well as the influence of rural and preindustrial craftsmanship .
it allows the bold mixture of ‘ designer ’ clothes with market stall finds , customised and recycled [ways] , as well as the influence of rural and preindustrial craftsmanship .

Thus , the JanSport backpacks which were once Lo Life standard issue are now widely derided , as Moet and his friends turn to more sophisticated techniques : ‘ The way me and my friends do it now is to wear a suit and tie like we was just comin ' from work , and carry a travel bag to carry another suit .
thus , the jansport backpacks which were once lo life standard issue are now widely derided , as moet and his friends turn to more sophisticated [ways] : ‘ the way me and my friends do it now is to wear a suit and tie like we was just comin ' from work , and carry a travel bag to carry another suit .

Telephone techniques
telephone [ways]

The emphasis is on straighter and shinier looks , using colouring techniques to create a more vibrant effect ’ .
the emphasis is on straighter and shinier looks , using colouring [ways] to create a more vibrant effect ’ .

We 'll be using several shades at once with different colouring and highlighting techniques to create very natural effects .
we 'll be using several shades at once with different colouring and highlighting [ways] to create very natural effects .

Using traditional styling techniques and traditional tools , Alan has created a beautiful sixties-style bouffant .
using traditional styling [ways] and traditional tools , alan has created a beautiful sixties-style bouffant .

So get back to nature , try alternatives to conventional toiletries and techniques , and discover some New Age solutions to your health and beauty problems .
so get back to nature , try alternatives to conventional toiletries and [ways] , and discover some new age solutions to your health and beauty problems .

Here are a few of his original concepts and time-saving techniques taken from his educational book for the trade ‘ The Precision Styling System ’ .
here are a few of his original concepts and time-saving [ways] taken from his educational book for the trade ‘ the precision styling system ’ .

Techniques of interrogation and espionage improved and became more sophisticated every day — yet still the old methods remained as effective as they ever had .
[ways] of interrogation and espionage improved and became more sophisticated every day — yet still the old methods remained as effective as they ever had .

Because the techniques involved imply a separate implementation of the portability software on each different platform — they also mean that what users purchase and what they see on their screen are two different things — there are obvious questions of support and testing that need to addressed .
because the [ways] involved imply a separate implementation of the portability software on each different platform — they also mean that what users purchase and what they see on their screen are two different things — there are obvious questions of support and testing that need to addressed .

Already , it seems , industry was coming to be concentrated on the north side of the Stour — Dedham lies opposite East Bergholt , a booming village — and that the gap was opening which forty-five years later was to be filled by the arrival of the Dutch bringing the techniques of the ‘ New Draperies ’ .
already , it seems , industry was coming to be concentrated on the north side of the stour — dedham lies opposite east bergholt , a booming village — and that the gap was opening which forty-five years later was to be filled by the arrival of the dutch bringing the [ways] of the ‘ new draperies ’ .

These support problem solving techniques such as rule-based systems , genetic optimisation and fuzzy logic .
these support problem solving [ways] such as rule-based systems , genetic optimisation and fuzzy logic .

Although in no sense a general theory , Foucault 's notion of power reformulates the problem of agency and determinism which had beset Sartre and many others by focusing on the possibility of making intelligible the strategies and techniques of local operations of power without relying on the dialectic of ideology and the consciousness of subjects , or on their corollary , the assumption that power operates globally and homogeneously .
although in no sense a general theory , foucault 's notion of power reformulates the problem of agency and determinism which had beset sartre and many others by focusing on the possibility of making intelligible the strategies and [ways] of local operations of power without relying on the dialectic of ideology and the consciousness of subjects , or on their corollary , the assumption that power operates globally and homogeneously .

So one of the first issues to be resolved , as Steve Heath , director of 88open operations in Europe sees it , is to define the ways in which different compilers interpret source code and how , in turn , operating systems utilise different compilers and compilation techniques .
so one of the first issues to be resolved , as steve heath , director of 88open operations in europe sees it , is to define the ways in which different compilers interpret source code and how , in turn , operating systems utilise different compilers and compilation [ways] .

Many of the methodological problems persist , but a number of new techniques and theoretical approaches have helped to advance our knowledge of the subject .
many of the methodological problems persist , but a number of new [ways] and theoretical approaches have helped to advance our knowledge of the subject .

There are also some important differences between ethnographic work and more formal techniques of sociological research .
there are also some important differences between ethnographic work and more formal [ways] of sociological research .

Instead , Willis found that his lads were very well prepared for work in factories where they could use the same ‘ survival ’ techniques as they had learned at school .
instead , willis found that his lads were very well prepared for work in factories where they could use the same ‘ survival ’ [ways] as they had learned at school .

To help keep the Goblin alive , if not exactly intact , a whole variety of life preserving techniques were originally developed .
to help keep the goblin alive , if not exactly intact , a whole variety of life preserving [ways] were originally developed .

Unfortunately , neither their teacher colleagues nor the parents understood the teaching techniques utilised .
unfortunately , neither their teacher colleagues nor the parents understood the teaching [ways] utilised .

The myth that certain teachers have ‘ special ’ or extraordinary ‘ expertise ’ needs to be dispelled and replaced with the realisation that the skills needed to meet individual needs are those associated with effective techniques for teaching and learning .
the myth that certain teachers have ‘ special ’ or extraordinary ‘ expertise ’ needs to be dispelled and replaced with the realisation that the skills needed to meet individual needs are those associated with effective [ways] for teaching and learning .

By paying attention to specific recommendations of Hargreaves ( 1984 ) , Thomas ( 1985 ) and Mortimore ( 1988 ) , schools and teachers can come to realise that the reduction of disruptive behaviour is likely to be achieved , not by behaviour modification techniques , punitive sanctions or by delving into alleged within-child factors , but by modifying those school structures , and their interaction with pupils , that have such a significant influence on pupil attainment and behaviour .
by paying attention to specific recommendations of hargreaves ( 1984 ) , thomas ( 1985 ) and mortimore ( 1988 ) , schools and teachers can come to realise that the reduction of disruptive behaviour is likely to be achieved , not by behaviour modification [ways] , punitive sanctions or by delving into alleged within-child factors , but by modifying those school structures , and their interaction with pupils , that have such a significant influence on pupil attainment and behaviour .

Women had been found to have similar or higher achievement motivation than men , but they showed less susceptibility to techniques designed to arouse this motivation .
women had been found to have similar or higher achievement motivation than men , but they showed less susceptibility to [ways] designed to arouse this motivation .

Indeed , far from all the possibilities and permutations becoming exhausted , modern understanding of hereditary principles plus enormous advances in scientific techniques has , if anything , quickened the pace and extended the possibilities of the rose , more than with any other single genus on Earth .
indeed , far from all the possibilities and permutations becoming exhausted , modern understanding of hereditary principles plus enormous advances in scientific [ways] has , if anything , quickened the pace and extended the possibilities of the rose , more than with any other single genus on earth .

Booth , prompted by a number of newspaper and magazine articles , was concerned to find out the true extent of poverty among the working classes of London at that time , and he collected vast quantities of data about them , using a combination of early survey techniques and other less statistical methods .
booth , prompted by a number of newspaper and magazine articles , was concerned to find out the true extent of poverty among the working classes of london at that time , and he collected vast quantities of data about them , using a combination of early survey [ways] and other less statistical methods .

After the Second World War , there was a change of emphasis among sociologists concerning what research techniques produced the best data .
after the second world war , there was a change of emphasis among sociologists concerning what research [ways] produced the best data .

It was argued that , using the right data-collection techniques , it should be possible to assemble information about the social world that is free of bias , and that could be analysed using the statistical techniques that had been developed .
it was argued that , using the right data-collection [ways] , it should be possible to assemble information about the social world that is free of bias , and that could be analysed using the statistical [ways] that had been developed .

The emphasis was on surveys , but these were seldom conducted without any reference to other methods , and some of the most famous British work of this period , that done by the Institute of Community Studies , used a combination of data-collection techniques .
the emphasis was on surveys , but these were seldom conducted without any reference to other methods , and some of the most famous british work of this period , that done by the institute of community studies , used a combination of data-collection [ways] .

There was a reaction against the kind of sociology that encouraged the survey style of social research , and a move towards participant observation and other fieldwork techniques , such as informal or ‘ unstructured ’ interviews .
there was a reaction against the kind of sociology that encouraged the survey style of social research , and a move towards participant observation and other fieldwork [ways] , such as informal or ‘ unstructured ’ interviews .

However , some excellent studies were done at this time , many using fieldwork techniques and participant observation rather than surveys .
however , some excellent studies were done at this time , many using fieldwork [ways] and participant observation rather than surveys .

In research terms , this has shown itself in the way that it has become perfectly acceptable to use a wide variety of research techniques in one study , and to use different techniques for the study of different topics .
in research terms , this has shown itself in the way that it has become perfectly acceptable to use a wide variety of research [ways] in one study , and to use different [ways] for the study of different topics .

Feminist research has begun to restore the balance by researching women 's lives , by demonstrating how far British society is dominated by men , by reinterpreting evidence originally produced by men , and by devising techniques suited to researching women 's issues .
feminist research has begun to restore the balance by researching women 's lives , by demonstrating how far british society is dominated by men , by reinterpreting evidence originally produced by men , and by devising [ways] suited to researching women 's issues .

Other ethnographic techniques
other ethnographic [ways]

Other techniques are available for obtaining insights into people 's world-view and social relationships , and some will be briefly described here .
other [ways] are available for obtaining insights into people 's world-view and social relationships , and some will be briefly described here .

The developments in techniques for both sound and video recording have opened up another world of data to ethnomethodologists ( and , for that matter , to all sociologists ) .
the developments in [ways] for both sound and video recording have opened up another world of data to ethnomethodologists ( and , for that matter , to all sociologists ) .

Various techniques have been developed to respond to the problem of incomplete crime statistics , of which ‘ victim surveys ’ and ‘ self-report ’ studies are the most common .
various [ways] have been developed to respond to the problem of incomplete crime statistics , of which ‘ victim surveys ’ and ‘ self-report ’ studies are the most common .

Using sorcerous building techniques they craft mighty cities of tall white towers that blend into the surrounding landscape like groves of great pale trees .
using sorcerous building [ways] they craft mighty cities of tall white towers that blend into the surrounding landscape like groves of great pale trees .

New forms of journalism have developed , there have been changes in printing techniques , changes in ownership , and even changes in perceptions of the role of the newspaper within society .
new forms of journalism have developed , there have been changes in printing [ways] , changes in ownership , and even changes in perceptions of the role of the newspaper within society .

The recognition of management techniques underlay a new trend of employing external consultants : a parallel in government , closely related to industry , was the advent of Lord Beeching in British Rail .
the recognition of management [ways] underlay a new trend of employing external consultants : a parallel in government , closely related to industry , was the advent of lord beeching in british rail .

This influenced Silverman 's first commercial venture , a forerunner in the search consultancy business , Lloyd Executive Selection , which offered a contingency service , employing market research techniques and limited advertising to recruit specialist managers in accountancy , law , banking , insurance and marketing .
this influenced silverman 's first commercial venture , a forerunner in the search consultancy business , lloyd executive selection , which offered a contingency service , employing market research [ways] and limited advertising to recruit specialist managers in accountancy , law , banking , insurance and marketing .

Merton itself , as a result of Silverman 's experience in selection , advertising and research , was first conceived as a high-level recruitment consultancy which then evolved into a management consultancy and executive search practice ; he based his approach — ahead of its time in Britain in the mid-1970s — on the concept of building up a profile of ‘ the ideal candidate ’ by using the most sophisticated industrial market research techniques , approaching a recruitment programme in the same way as he had devised and implemented a marketing plan .
merton itself , as a result of silverman 's experience in selection , advertising and research , was first conceived as a high-level recruitment consultancy which then evolved into a management consultancy and executive search practice ; he based his approach — ahead of its time in britain in the mid-1970s — on the concept of building up a profile of ‘ the ideal candidate ’ by using the most sophisticated industrial market research [ways] , approaching a recruitment programme in the same way as he had devised and implemented a marketing plan .

Moreover , not only techniques but whole analyses have been borrowed .
moreover , not only [ways] but whole analyses have been borrowed .

There has been little methodological writing about them until very recently ; there are major researchers , such as Goffman , with many volumes to their credit , who have not published a single line on their techniques ; and , while quantitative data are conventionally available to other researchers for re-analysis , no such traditions exists in qualitative research ; field-notes , indeed are often jealously guarded .
there has been little methodological writing about them until very recently ; there are major researchers , such as goffman , with many volumes to their credit , who have not published a single line on their [ways] ; and , while quantitative data are conventionally available to other researchers for re-analysis , no such traditions exists in qualitative research ; field-notes , indeed are often jealously guarded .

In consequence , they are freer to experiment with new forms and new techniques such as film , audiotape and video-methods that only now are inching their way into sociological approval .
in consequence , they are freer to experiment with new forms and new [ways] such as film , audiotape and video-methods that only now are inching their way into sociological approval .

As far as methods go , we may learn as much from their old techniques as from their new ones .
as far as methods go , we may learn as much from their old [ways] as from their new ones .

You might think that Young and Helmholtz were wasting their time using psychophysical procedures when improvements in physiological techniques would allow direct measurements of this sort .
you might think that young and helmholtz were wasting their time using psychophysical procedures when improvements in physiological [ways] would allow direct measurements of this sort .

It is possible to use advanced biochemical techniques to look for comparable ion channels and catalytic units in the mammalian brain , without directly studying the role of cells in learning .
it is possible to use advanced biochemical [ways] to look for comparable ion channels and catalytic units in the mammalian brain , without directly studying the role of cells in learning .

In pursuit of this goal they have developed a number of specialized techniques .
in pursuit of this goal they have developed a number of specialized [ways] .

Techniques analogous to those used in the study of the brain have been applied to these systems and it can be quite instructive to compare the way in which people have approached these non-neural systems with these methods with the way they go about studying the central nervous system .
[ways] analogous to those used in the study of the brain have been applied to these systems and it can be quite instructive to compare the way in which people have approached these non-neural systems with these methods with the way they go about studying the central nervous system .

Different groups , using slightly different recording techniques , can end up with quite different descriptions of the response properties of the cells in the same region because they are , in fact , recording from different cell populations ( O'Keefe and Conway 1978 ; Olds , Disterhoft , Segal , Kornblith , and Hirsh 1972 ; Stryker and Sherk 1975 ) .
different groups , using slightly different recording [ways] , can end up with quite different descriptions of the response properties of the cells in the same region because they are , in fact , recording from different cell populations ( o'keefe and conway 1978 ; olds , disterhoft , segal , kornblith , and hirsh 1972 ; stryker and sherk 1975 ) .

We then turn to the main techniques for studying the physiological side of the equation , lesions , stimulation , and recording , looking at the sorts of problems that affect our interpretation of experiments .
we then turn to the main [ways] for studying the physiological side of the equation , lesions , stimulation , and recording , looking at the sorts of problems that affect our interpretation of experiments .

The first is knowledge of the remarkable consistency in the organization of the brain , at least within individual species , the second , the availability of histological techniques which enable them to specify where a lesion has been made , after the event , even if it is n't completely possible before , and third , access to new chemical techniques for selectively destroying some components of the brain while leaving others intact ( Kohler , Schwartz , and Fuxe 1979 ) .
the first is knowledge of the remarkable consistency in the organization of the brain , at least within individual species , the second , the availability of histological [ways] which enable them to specify where a lesion has been made , after the event , even if it is n't completely possible before , and third , access to new chemical [ways] for selectively destroying some components of the brain while leaving others intact ( kohler , schwartz , and fuxe 1979 ) .

Something can be learned from relatively crude techniques in which there is a large stimulation zone and high stimulation levels in the centre .
something can be learned from relatively crude [ways] in which there is a large stimulation zone and high stimulation levels in the centre .

All along they were also aware that brains were composed of living cells that were active in non-electrical ways as well , but until recently the techniques for looking at this other activity were not available .
all along they were also aware that brains were composed of living cells that were active in non-electrical ways as well , but until recently the [ways] for looking at this other activity were not available .

In anaesthetized , immobilized animals , this may be studied using intracellular recording techniques , in which very fine microelectrodes are passed into the cell , but these do n't work well in freely moving animals .
in anaesthetized , immobilized animals , this may be studied using intracellular recording [ways] , in which very fine microelectrodes are passed into the cell , but these do n't work well in freely moving animals .

In some ways recording techniques offer the most ‘ direct ’ access to the brain and promise to provide objective indices of what part of the brain does .
in some ways recording [ways] offer the most ‘ direct ’ access to the brain and promise to provide objective indices of what part of the brain does .

The old-fashioned owner-manager was rarer and specialized management techniques were beginning to be studied .
the old-fashioned owner-manager was rarer and specialized management [ways] were beginning to be studied .

Their schools , hospitals and dispensaries also brought with them secular ideas and techniques .
their schools , hospitals and dispensaries also brought with them secular ideas and [ways] .

Wider suffrages , urbanism and growing literacy were forcing new techniques and new institutions on the politicians .
wider suffrages , urbanism and growing literacy were forcing new [ways] and new institutions on the politicians .

With brute force techniques … they do achieve about the same end result as we do with much more sophisticated techniques .
with brute force [ways] … they do achieve about the same end result as we do with much more sophisticated [ways] .

At this time the agricultural techniques and crafts seen in the Early Minoan period were developed further .
at this time the agricultural [ways] and crafts seen in the early minoan period were developed further .

The apes being taught are therefore without an evolutionarily conferred advantage that human children enjoy — that of employing learning techniques , and being initiated by their elders , in a way that has presumably been refined by selection pressures over a very long time .
the apes being taught are therefore without an evolutionarily conferred advantage that human children enjoy — that of employing learning [ways] , and being initiated by their elders , in a way that has presumably been refined by selection pressures over a very long time .

Because it always involves raw materials and techniques it is always dependent Upon a context , and is not to be thought of , in humanist vein , as an isolated expression of the essential creativity of human beings .
because it always involves raw materials and [ways] it is always dependent upon a context , and is not to be thought of , in humanist vein , as an isolated expression of the essential creativity of human beings .

The study of politics , and ideas in general , which has so far lagged behind , must ultimately be incorporated into total history , and will become more accessible as the techniques of quantitative history grow in sophistication .
the study of politics , and ideas in general , which has so far lagged behind , must ultimately be incorporated into total history , and will become more accessible as the [ways] of quantitative history grow in sophistication .

The vegetation of the field was analysed by ordination and correlation techniques which showed that only a minor part of the variation in species distribution could be accounted for by underlying edaphic factors , though in the peripheral areas of the pasture the presence of hedges and trees accounted for significant changes in the vegetation — e.g .
the vegetation of the field was analysed by ordination and correlation [ways] which showed that only a minor part of the variation in species distribution could be accounted for by underlying edaphic factors , though in the peripheral areas of the pasture the presence of hedges and trees accounted for significant changes in the vegetation — e.g .

By 1980 about 3100 human genes had been distinguished , mostly by biochemical techniques .
by 1980 about 3100 human genes had been distinguished , mostly by biochemical [ways] .

The very productive switch in techniques to the use of Ameslan , initiated by Allen and Beatrice Gardner at the University of Nevada with Washoe in the mid-1960s .
the very productive switch in [ways] to the use of ameslan , initiated by allen and beatrice gardner at the university of nevada with washoe in the mid-1960s .

Admittedly he has some reservations even about free-range farming such as the need for castration , transportation and slaughtering techniques but , as Francis and Norman point out ( 1978 : 516 ) , since Singer himself thinks that much of this suffering could be eliminated , it is simply a matter of working to bring these improvements about .
admittedly he has some reservations even about free-range farming such as the need for castration , transportation and slaughtering [ways] but , as francis and norman point out ( 1978 : 516 ) , since singer himself thinks that much of this suffering could be eliminated , it is simply a matter of working to bring these improvements about .

Precision cutting , creativity and new techniques are all an essential part of training .
precision cutting , creativity and new [ways] are all an essential part of training .

Simplified , formula-like techniques are inconsequential when compared with personal growth as a means of overcoming difficulties .
simplified , formula-like [ways] are inconsequential when compared with personal growth as a means of overcoming difficulties .

We are proud of our record in making this equipment , the techniques and the opportunities to stretch creativity in the production of print material , part of every student 's competence .
we are proud of our record in making this equipment , the [ways] and the opportunities to stretch creativity in the production of print material , part of every student 's competence .

identify and teach the fundamental techniques and principles used by electronic publishing systems ;
identify and teach the fundamental [ways] and principles used by electronic publishing systems ;

However , it can be effectively combatted by setting exercises involving changes to an existing large piece of work , which has the added advantage of letting the students see the use of techniques beyond the scope of the assessment .
however , it can be effectively combatted by setting exercises involving changes to an existing large piece of work , which has the added advantage of letting the students see the use of [ways] beyond the scope of the assessment .

Electronic publishing is a rapidly growing area with a multitude of different systems and techniques available .
electronic publishing is a rapidly growing area with a multitude of different systems and [ways] available .

In spite of the incomplete coverage , however , we believe our students acquire a good understanding of most of the important basic principles and techniques .
in spite of the incomplete coverage , however , we believe our students acquire a good understanding of most of the important basic principles and [ways] .

Expectations of parental roles and responsibility may differ from western views and the techniques that parents use may appear inappropriate for our cultural viewpoint .
expectations of parental roles and responsibility may differ from western views and the [ways] that parents use may appear inappropriate for our cultural viewpoint .

This is because they have not yet learned the new rules and are still trying old techniques of gaining reactions from their parents .
this is because they have not yet learned the new rules and are still trying old [ways] of gaining reactions from their parents .

Distracting techniques are frequently used with pre-school children either before a problem arises or as a palliative once the problem is occurring , for example pointing to an aeroplane flying in the sky to help the child forget that the ice cream van is parked outside the playground .
distracting [ways] are frequently used with pre-school children either before a problem arises or as a palliative once the problem is occurring , for example pointing to an aeroplane flying in the sky to help the child forget that the ice cream van is parked outside the playground .

Parents use a variety of techniques , from reasoning and explaining to threatening and slapping , when a child is having a tantrum , all of which have little or no effect .
parents use a variety of [ways] , from reasoning and explaining to threatening and slapping , when a child is having a tantrum , all of which have little or no effect .

Parents can use a repertoire of techniques for behaviour change which build on each other .
parents can use a repertoire of [ways] for behaviour change which build on each other .

These techniques are used by parents who can anticipate the child 's reactions .
these [ways] are used by parents who can anticipate the child 's reactions .

This may be due to parental management techniques but may also be due to the temperamental state of the child .
this may be due to parental management [ways] but may also be due to the temperamental state of the child .

The parents may be trying different techniques , coaxing and offering a wide variety of foods .
the parents may be trying different [ways] , coaxing and offering a wide variety of foods .

Assessment methods are described and management of these problems is discussed using a variety of techniques including reinforcement , extinction , discrimination learning , and graded steps to learning .
assessment methods are described and management of these problems is discussed using a variety of [ways] including reinforcement , extinction , discrimination learning , and graded steps to learning .

It is possible to use a wide range of techniques to treat encopresis .
it is possible to use a wide range of [ways] to treat encopresis .

the background colour will be ignored completely , so that the lace pattern may be made using the garter/lace carriage or the transfer carriage , using any of the lace knitting techniques in the manual , or by dropping the stitches from the back bed after every two rows , to form release lace .
the background colour will be ignored completely , so that the lace pattern may be made using the garter/lace carriage or the transfer carriage , using any of the lace knitting [ways] in the manual , or by dropping the stitches from the back bed after every two rows , to form release lace .

Now , different knitting techniques work on different proportions of stitches to rows .
now , different knitting [ways] work on different proportions of stitches to rows .

Thus techniques such as troff 's setting of global variables to represent current point-size , etc .
thus [ways] such as troff 's setting of global variables to represent current point-size , etc .

To teach a set of specific techniques .
to teach a set of specific [ways] .

To teach a set of specific techniques .
to teach a set of specific [ways] .

There are several accepted techniques that may be used successfully to help manage and develop infant behaviour .
there are several accepted [ways] that may be used successfully to help manage and develop infant behaviour .

Techniques for teaching desirable behaviour
[ways] for teaching desirable behaviour

Techniques for teaching desirable behaviour
[ways] for teaching desirable behaviour

Techniques for weakening undesirable behaviour
[ways] for weakening undesirable behaviour

These techniques often have rather arcane titles but in their simple forms , they boil down to physical restraint .
these [ways] often have rather arcane titles but in their simple forms , they boil down to physical restraint .

Again the warning is vital as it was for the last two techniques .
again the warning is vital as it was for the last two [ways] .

The techniques in practice
the [ways] in practice

The techniques in practice
the [ways] in practice

The professional 's role is necessarily at the supervisory and organisational level , guiding the parents by offering them techniques and skills to use themselves .
the professional 's role is necessarily at the supervisory and organisational level , guiding the parents by offering them [ways] and skills to use themselves .

You will gather from this that there is no list of measurement techniques .
you will gather from this that there is no list of measurement [ways] .

The main purpose of the discussion is to establish that parents understand behaviour good and bad is learned , that children can be ‘ untaught ’ the bad and taught the good , and that it is the parents who do the teaching using the simple methods and techniques you have demonstrated .
the main purpose of the discussion is to establish that parents understand behaviour good and bad is learned , that children can be ‘ untaught ’ the bad and taught the good , and that it is the parents who do the teaching using the simple methods and [ways] you have demonstrated .

Intervention techniques and methods .
intervention [ways] and methods .

They had learned a new set of problem management techniques which they were beginning to use as a matter of course without seeing them as being a single method of solving a particular problem .
they had learned a new set of problem management [ways] which they were beginning to use as a matter of course without seeing them as being a single method of solving a particular problem .

Inevitably , these procedures will involve the use of reinforcement , but they may also involve more elaborate techniques such as shaping and modelling .
inevitably , these procedures will involve the use of reinforcement , but they may also involve more elaborate [ways] such as shaping and modelling .

Even though it is generally recognised that , at best , the principles of operant conditioning described in Verbal Behaviour contribute but a small part to our understanding of the processes of language development , this does not immediately rule out the possibility of employing techniques based upon operant conditioning to help those children who are not developing language in the normal way .
even though it is generally recognised that , at best , the principles of operant conditioning described in verbal behaviour contribute but a small part to our understanding of the processes of language development , this does not immediately rule out the possibility of employing [ways] based upon operant conditioning to help those children who are not developing language in the normal way .

Perhaps where ‘ natural ’ processes have failed , it is sensible to apply ‘ non-natural ’ teaching techniques .
perhaps where ‘ natural ’ processes have failed , it is sensible to apply ‘ non-natural ’ teaching [ways] .

In fact , it might be argued that because teaching techniques based on operant conditioning are derived from a scientific analysis of behaviour change , they offer , potentially , an approach which will be more effective than natural processes ( Kiernan 1981 ) .
in fact , it might be argued that because teaching [ways] based on operant conditioning are derived from a scientific analysis of behaviour change , they offer , potentially , an approach which will be more effective than natural processes ( kiernan 1981 ) .

This characteristic stems from the diversity of techniques required to climb the rock .
this characteristic stems from the diversity of [ways] required to climb the rock .

The emphasis at Cedar Falls is on stress management and you 'll have the chance to learn specific relaxation techniques .
the emphasis at cedar falls is on stress management and you 'll have the chance to learn specific relaxation [ways] .

Perms make a come-back , with the introduction of new rods , rollers and perming techniques , creating body and volume rather than masses of ultra-tight curls .
perms make a come-back , with the introduction of new rods , rollers and perming [ways] , creating body and volume rather than masses of ultra-tight curls .

Clarins is just one of many make-up ranges that now use both these techniques .
clarins is just one of many make-up ranges that now use both these [ways] .

At certain points within the pattern , all six colours are used within one row , so this means that it can not be knitted with any of the normal multi-colour knitting techniques , automatically .
at certain points within the pattern , all six colours are used within one row , so this means that it can not be knitted with any of the normal multi-colour knitting [ways] , automatically .

So you see , there is nothing difficult about patterned stitches and techniques .
so you see , there is nothing difficult about patterned stitches and [ways] .

Now we start to look at the same stitch types again , but this time used as a double bed knitting techniques .
now we start to look at the same stitch types again , but this time used as a double bed knitting [ways] .

The study of communication was to be a scientific project with research techniques and attention paid to the reliability of empirical data .
the study of communication was to be a scientific project with research [ways] and attention paid to the reliability of empirical data .

It could be compared with chemistry because of its systematic techniques such as content analysis but the European techniques of interpretation had no such systematicity .
it could be compared with chemistry because of its systematic [ways] such as content analysis but the european [ways] of interpretation had no such systematicity .

She will lecture and demonstrate on the preparations and finishing techniques which will ensure that your garments have a professional finished appearance .
she will lecture and demonstrate on the preparations and finishing [ways] which will ensure that your garments have a professional finished appearance .

In hyper-text systems , this is overcome to some extent through various composition techniques for representing isPartOf relationships .
in hyper-text systems , this is overcome to some extent through various composition [ways] for representing ispartof relationships .

Present hyper-text systems concentrate on the human — computer interface and rely on semi-automated or manual techniques to represent links between one document and another . This is satisfactory for small , simple document structures but otherwise there are a number of problems :
present hyper-text systems concentrate on the human — computer interface and rely on semi-automated or manual [ways] to represent links between one document and another . this is satisfactory for small , simple document structures but otherwise there are a number of problems :

In a value-oriented data-base approach to hyper-text , links are made dynamically at run-time using symbolic key matching techniques .
in a value-oriented data-base approach to hyper-text , links are made dynamically at run-time using symbolic key matching [ways] .

We have used current data-base techniques to satisfy our requirements .
we have used current data-base [ways] to satisfy our requirements .

Layered object-oriented techniques employing multi-windowing need to be front-ended onto the present system .
layered object-oriented [ways] employing multi-windowing need to be front-ended onto the present system .

It may also involve working with the whole family or family network including all carers , using the techniques of family work used in other social work contexts .
it may also involve working with the whole family or family network including all carers , using the [ways] of family work used in other social work contexts .

, 1980 ) ; each have their specific techniques and theoretical formulations .
, 1980 ) ; each have their specific [ways] and theoretical formulations .

The next step is to offer additional techniques to give a family space to explore the way the patterns of past relationships affect the problems , and decisions made in the present .
the next step is to offer additional [ways] to give a family space to explore the way the patterns of past relationships affect the problems , and decisions made in the present .

Although this is unlikely to affect market power , neither is it likely to confer the benefits of economies of scale , although the management of the predator company , may claim efficiency gains due to superior management techniques ( refer to the section on conglomerates later in this chapter ) .
although this is unlikely to affect market power , neither is it likely to confer the benefits of economies of scale , although the management of the predator company , may claim efficiency gains due to superior management [ways] ( refer to the section on conglomerates later in this chapter ) .

Keynesian policies were directed at ensuring full employment and involved government intervention in the running of the economy using demand management techniques ( refer also to Chapter 1 , page 13 ) .
keynesian policies were directed at ensuring full employment and involved government intervention in the running of the economy using demand management [ways] ( refer also to chapter 1 , page 13 ) .

It was also hoped that Honda 's management philosophy and production techniques would improve working practices at Rover .
it was also hoped that honda 's management philosophy and production [ways] would improve working practices at rover .

Bowe might just have been demonstrating an innate sense of psychological testing techniques .
bowe might just have been demonstrating an innate sense of psychological testing [ways] .

Taylor has since brought in a consultancy company to examine his public relations techniques .
taylor has since brought in a consultancy company to examine his public relations [ways] .

So far they have got away with their high-pressure selling techniques and the only people who have lost out have been the customers who were faced with massive charges they had neither understood nor anticipated .
so far they have got away with their high-pressure selling [ways] and the only people who have lost out have been the customers who were faced with massive charges they had neither understood nor anticipated .

Keen skiers are taken through the turning techniques , slalom and bumps .
keen skiers are taken through the turning [ways] , slalom and bumps .

Sales manager Graham Cooper says : ‘ The introduction of video printing techniques means that images can now be ‘ grabbed ’ and transferred on to other materials such as T-shirts , mugs , key-rings and baseball hats .
sales manager graham cooper says : ‘ the introduction of video printing [ways] means that images can now be ‘ grabbed ’ and transferred on to other materials such as t-shirts , mugs , key-rings and baseball hats .

Training on how to use the equipment and in marketing techniques is offered , machine maintenance provided and all machinery is covered by a full warranty .
training on how to use the equipment and in marketing [ways] is offered , machine maintenance provided and all machinery is covered by a full warranty .

All the skills of presenting as a ‘ non-threatening ’ person , and the techniques of assisting counsellees to talk are necessary here .
all the skills of presenting as a ‘ non-threatening ’ person , and the [ways] of assisting counsellees to talk are necessary here .

Sherman ( 1981 ) outlines the value of group techniques of counselling :
sherman ( 1981 ) outlines the value of group [ways] of counselling :

These more direct techniques have been developed to give the counsellor a more active role within the family , based on the idea that change is more effectively brought about through action rather than the development of self-awareness .
these more direct [ways] have been developed to give the counsellor a more active role within the family , based on the idea that change is more effectively brought about through action rather than the development of self-awareness .

These are all techniques by which families can be helped to understand the way they interact together by practical , visual means .
these are all [ways] by which families can be helped to understand the way they interact together by practical , visual means .

Modern engineers have demonstrated , at least on paper , construction techniques that would certainly have been possible using the equipment available to Neolithic and later cultures .
modern engineers have demonstrated , at least on paper , construction [ways] that would certainly have been possible using the equipment available to neolithic and later cultures .

Here are some basic assertiveness techniques :
here are some basic assertiveness [ways] :

Lots of time and money is wasted through inadequate consideration and understanding of persuasion techniques .
lots of time and money is wasted through inadequate consideration and understanding of persuasion [ways] .

This chapter therefore describes the techniques you will need to follow to obtain perfect pressed flowers .
this chapter therefore describes the [ways] you will need to follow to obtain perfect pressed flowers .

Restoring old frames can call for specialist help , but nevertheless there are several techniques that can be practised at home .
restoring old frames can call for specialist help , but nevertheless there are several [ways] that can be practised at home .

Different techniques produced weights containing glass portraits or large glass flowers or vegetables .
different [ways] produced weights containing glass portraits or large glass flowers or vegetables .

Sumitomo Capital Markets has harnessed telecommunications and networking techniques to obtain competitive advantage in the management of its global trading operation .
sumitomo capital markets has harnessed telecommunications and networking [ways] to obtain competitive advantage in the management of its global trading operation .

Mr Smith 's explanation begins by reviewing the accounting techniques for acquisition and disposal of subsidiaries .
mr smith 's explanation begins by reviewing the accounting [ways] for acquisition and disposal of subsidiaries .

Mr Smith then provides a list of survival techniques .
mr smith then provides a list of survival [ways] .

One reason might lie in Mr Smith 's suggestion that there is a link between a company 's use of ‘ creative ’ accounting techniques and the market performance of its shares .
one reason might lie in mr smith 's suggestion that there is a link between a company 's use of ‘ creative ’ accounting [ways] and the market performance of its shares .

It should not have been a surprise that companies sought to use that range of permissible techniques to present their results in the best light .
it should not have been a surprise that companies sought to use that range of permissible [ways] to present their results in the best light .

But the layman would do well to make use of its survival techniques .
but the layman would do well to make use of its survival [ways] .

Five other companies — Albert Fisher , British Aerospace , Granada Group , Rank Organisation and Ratners — use seven techniques , another 15 use six and a further 21 use five .
five other companies — albert fisher , british aerospace , granada group , rank organisation and ratners — use seven [ways] , another 15 use six and a further 21 use five .

As unemployment increases and another batch of students floods the market , employers are beginning to notice increasingly desperate interview techniques among candidates .
as unemployment increases and another batch of students floods the market , employers are beginning to notice increasingly desperate interview [ways] among candidates .

The third way in which reliability might be breached is when , by judicious presentational techniques , a graph gives a more , or less , flattering view than is warranted by the underlying data .
the third way in which reliability might be breached is when , by judicious presentational [ways] , a graph gives a more , or less , flattering view than is warranted by the underlying data .

However , it was evident that many annual reports included creative presentational techniques which were likely to enhance the user 's perceptions of the company 's performance .
however , it was evident that many annual reports included creative presentational [ways] which were likely to enhance the user 's perceptions of the company 's performance .

Kundalini Sakti can be amplified by controlled breathing techniques ( Prana-Yama ) along with meditative disciplines .
kundalini sakti can be amplified by controlled breathing [ways] ( prana-yama ) along with meditative disciplines .

Meditative techniques were designed to eliminate this struggle , to overcome the duality and to promote a more balanced mental condition .
meditative [ways] were designed to eliminate this struggle , to overcome the duality and to promote a more balanced mental condition .

Sacred works of art such as the Wandjina act as powerful images , capable of stimulating and intensifying mind power during rituals , similar in nature to Yantras or designs used in Tantric meditative techniques .
sacred works of art such as the wandjina act as powerful images , capable of stimulating and intensifying mind power during rituals , similar in nature to yantras or designs used in tantric meditative [ways] .

In Soviet Discoveries Behind the Iron Curtain , Dr Genady Sergeyev names techniques now in the development stage relating to a scientific method of determining electro-magnetic emotional patterns .
in soviet discoveries behind the iron curtain , dr genady sergeyev names [ways] now in the development stage relating to a scientific method of determining electro-magnetic emotional patterns .

Yogic meditative techniques allow this state to occur with the accompanying realisation that all things in reality are one , sharing a subtle flavour , although we normally experience them as being independent of each other .
yogic meditative [ways] allow this state to occur with the accompanying realisation that all things in reality are one , sharing a subtle flavour , although we normally experience them as being independent of each other .

The term ‘ para-normal ’ thus refers to the highest level of consciousness which may be attained , e.g. by Yogic techniques .
the term ‘ para-normal ’ thus refers to the highest level of consciousness which may be attained , e.g. by yogic [ways] .

His own diagnostic machine called the Dielectric Diagnostic Analyser , employs computerised biofeedback techniques to determine energy disturbances at cellular level .
his own diagnostic machine called the dielectric diagnostic analyser , employs computerised biofeedback [ways] to determine energy disturbances at cellular level .

But in recent years the knowledge of the role of electricity in the treatment of disease has developed considerably , and there are no technical reasons why the findings and the techniques outlined can not be implemented and developed immediately by any competent specialist .
but in recent years the knowledge of the role of electricity in the treatment of disease has developed considerably , and there are no technical reasons why the findings and the [ways] outlined can not be implemented and developed immediately by any competent specialist .

The techniques required for scrummaging have not changed and the sound scrummaging pack will still reap benefits from its skills .
the [ways] required for scrummaging have not changed and the sound scrummaging pack will still reap benefits from its skills .

David Sole has accused the Englishman of using illegal scrummaging the techniques , whilst Jeff Probyn has referred to the Scotsman 's method of tripping his opponents .
david sole has accused the englishman of using illegal scrummaging the [ways] , whilst jeff probyn has referred to the scotsman 's method of tripping his opponents .

Because analogue videophones have to squash video and audio down telephone lines developed to carry just the latter , compression techniques are used to reduce the amount of information needed to create a video picture .
because analogue videophones have to squash video and audio down telephone lines developed to carry just the latter , compression [ways] are used to reduce the amount of information needed to create a video picture .

One of the techniques he uses is The Brain Map , which categorises managers according to distinct behaviour patterns .
one of the [ways] he uses is the brain map , which categorises managers according to distinct behaviour patterns .

The plan had been simple but risky — ignore orthodox Himalayan techniques , forget about Sherpas , and make a dash for the summit at 29,028ft .
the plan had been simple but risky — ignore orthodox himalayan [ways] , forget about sherpas , and make a dash for the summit at 29,028ft .

The difference between a flotation tank and other relaxation techniques is that other methods require effort on the part of the patient .
the difference between a flotation tank and other relaxation [ways] is that other methods require effort on the part of the patient .

It uses pressure and stretching techniques to relax and revitalise your body .
it uses pressure and stretching [ways] to relax and revitalise your body .

In 1989 , historians and archaeologists using these new techniques discovered that Stamford was built on the site of an ancient geomantic earthwork representing a running bull .
in 1989 , historians and archaeologists using these new [ways] discovered that stamford was built on the site of an ancient geomantic earthwork representing a running bull .

His future liberties with techniques were all to do with representation .
his future liberties with [ways] were all to do with representation .

He had heard enough stories of artists who had started painting too soon , and failed , floundering in a morass without sound drawing and perspective techniques .
he had heard enough stories of artists who had started painting too soon , and failed , floundering in a morass without sound drawing and perspective [ways] .

However , she was very keen to learn some quick and easy techniques .
however , she was very keen to learn some quick and easy [ways] .

Larousse Pratique ( Hamlyn , £25 ) is an encyclopedic book which contains more than 750 clearly explained recipes together with helpful descriptions of various cooking techniques .
larousse pratique ( hamlyn , £25 ) is an encyclopedic book which contains more than 750 clearly explained recipes together with helpful descriptions of various cooking [ways] .

building a library of reference books at home … learning with the colourful collages of Eric Carle … techniques for making art copy life
building a library of reference books at home … learning with the colourful collages of eric carle … [ways] for making art copy life

Nevertheless , it has its place in camcorder operating techniques and there is a right way of doing it which is worth learning and practising .
nevertheless , it has its place in camcorder operating [ways] and there is a right way of doing it which is worth learning and practising .

Both of these techniques are much slower transitions than cuts , and they are used to suggest the passage of time or the change from one location to another .
both of these [ways] are much slower transitions than cuts , and they are used to suggest the passage of time or the change from one location to another .

Shooting title cards , which have to be specially prepared , set up and lit , is a skilled activity in itself , and the techniques are explained fully on page 149 .
shooting title cards , which have to be specially prepared , set up and lit , is a skilled activity in itself , and the [ways] are explained fully on page 149 .

Although this involves the use of rather advanced techniques compared with the running of simple transfers and dubs , many enthusiasts believe that this type of editing is essential to the making of ‘ real ’ movies , and look on it as the key creative element in their video activities .
although this involves the use of rather advanced [ways] compared with the running of simple transfers and dubs , many enthusiasts believe that this type of editing is essential to the making of ‘ real ’ movies , and look on it as the key creative element in their video activities .

The Campaign is lobbying for reforms that it thinks are needed to end what it sees as largescale use of misleading sales techniques used by the photocopier industry .
the campaign is lobbying for reforms that it thinks are needed to end what it sees as largescale use of misleading sales [ways] used by the photocopier industry .

The survey ( Survey of Financial Consolidation Systems 1991 ) revealed that organisations can speed up the collection of financial data from their subsidiaries by up to 44% using automatic data capture techniques .
the survey ( survey of financial consolidation systems 1991 ) revealed that organisations can speed up the collection of financial data from their subsidiaries by up to 44% using automatic data capture [ways] .

Conferences , books , articles and software have proliferated , but where is the evidence of alternative cost management techniques in practice ?
conferences , books , articles and software have proliferated , but where is the evidence of alternative cost management [ways] in practice ?

It is recognised that the multi-million dollar high technology companies have dabbled in throughput , life cycle and activity-based costing techniques , some have even tested Japanese target costing .
it is recognised that the multi-million dollar high technology companies have dabbled in throughput , life cycle and activity-based costing [ways] , some have even tested japanese target costing .

The examiner is aiming to test your understanding and the best way to do this is to use rather more unstructured questions , such as this one , that do not favour the rote-learning of pro forma techniques .
the examiner is aiming to test your understanding and the best way to do this is to use rather more unstructured questions , such as this one , that do not favour the rote-learning of pro forma [ways] .

This was largely done by the process of ‘ enclosure ’ , the breaking-down of the medieval strip-farming system and its replacement by relatively compact holdings of almost rectangular fields ; it was not so much dependent on new farming techniques as on the more intensive use of ploughland and labour .
this was largely done by the process of ‘ enclosure ’ , the breaking-down of the medieval strip-farming system and its replacement by relatively compact holdings of almost rectangular fields ; it was not so much dependent on new farming [ways] as on the more intensive use of ploughland and labour .

The crisis had wider effects , and the old techniques of social control had to be revised for rural England .
the crisis had wider effects , and the old [ways] of social control had to be revised for rural england .

They have to be actualized as techniques in the particular circumstances of different classrooms .
they have to be actualized as [ways] in the particular circumstances of different classrooms .

The teaching task is to see that the techniques that are used are effective in promoting learning objectives , so they have to be designed to account for specific contexts of instruction .
the teaching task is to see that the [ways] that are used are effective in promoting learning objectives , so they have to be designed to account for specific contexts of instruction .

Language teachers can be seen as involved in very much the same sort of process — their principles correspond to hypotheses , their techniques to experiments .
language teachers can be seen as involved in very much the same sort of process — their principles correspond to hypotheses , their [ways] to experiments .

Teaching , then , can be conceived of as a research activity whereby experimental techniques of instruction are designed to correspond with hypothetical principles of pedagogy , with provision made for mutual adjustment so as to bring validity of principle into as close an alignment as possible with the utility of technique .
teaching , then , can be conceived of as a research activity whereby experimental [ways] of instruction are designed to correspond with hypothetical principles of pedagogy , with provision made for mutual adjustment so as to bring validity of principle into as close an alignment as possible with the utility of technique .

The teacher 's business is to induce learning and the techniques that are used have to work to that end .
the teacher 's business is to induce learning and the [ways] that are used have to work to that end .

In one , techniques are devised with regard to their practical effectiveness in the promotion of learning .
in one , [ways] are devised with regard to their practical effectiveness in the promotion of learning .

This we might call the instructional activity , with the teacher engaged as participant mediating the techniques concerned .
this we might call the instructional activity , with the teacher engaged as participant mediating the [ways] concerned .

In the other activity , techniques are related to principles with a view to enquiring into the relationship between the two .
in the other activity , [ways] are related to principles with a view to enquiring into the relationship between the two .

This we might call the experimental activity , with the teacher acting as observer manipulating the techniques concerned .
this we might call the experimental activity , with the teacher acting as observer manipulating the [ways] concerned .

Just how these habitual patterns are to be internalized for easy access is another matter : direct inducement by repetitive drill may well not be the best way , in which case the thing to do is to think of other techniques .
just how these habitual patterns are to be internalized for easy access is another matter : direct inducement by repetitive drill may well not be the best way , in which case the thing to do is to think of other [ways] .

If people learn by caring and sharing and linking hands in Southern California , it does not follow they will learn by similar therapeutic techniques in Thailand and Tanzania .
if people learn by caring and sharing and linking hands in southern california , it does not follow they will learn by similar therapeutic [ways] in thailand and tanzania .

In short , theory can help practitioners to adopt a theoretical orientation to their task , whereby they seek to refer the particular techniques they use to more general principles , and , reciprocally , test out the validity of such principles against the observed actualities of classroom practice .
in short , theory can help practitioners to adopt a theoretical orientation to their task , whereby they seek to refer the particular [ways] they use to more general principles , and , reciprocally , test out the validity of such principles against the observed actualities of classroom practice .

Application is an empirical evaluation based on teaching experience and has to do with the devising of effective techniques specific to particular circumstances .
application is an empirical evaluation based on teaching experience and has to do with the devising of effective [ways] specific to particular circumstances .

There is , however , always the problem of knowing whether the fault in the mediation process lies in the validity of the principle or in the particular techniques that have been used to operationalize it .
there is , however , always the problem of knowing whether the fault in the mediation process lies in the validity of the principle or in the particular [ways] that have been used to operationalize it .

If this process is arrested and teaching reduced to the manipulation of a set of techniques , or conformity to a fixed method , then pedagogy as such ceases to exist .
if this process is arrested and teaching reduced to the manipulation of a set of [ways] , or conformity to a fixed method , then pedagogy as such ceases to exist .

This permits adaptation for different situations , evaluations of new techniques and evaluation of materials .
this permits adaptation for different situations , evaluations of new [ways] and evaluation of materials .

Techniques for the analysis of textual data have become very sophisticated and these lead to descriptive refinements beyond the scope of Palmer and West .
[ways] for the analysis of textual data have become very sophisticated and these lead to descriptive refinements beyond the scope of palmer and west .

It is here that techniques of various kinds are put into action to achieve practical learning outcomes .
it is here that [ways] of various kinds are put into action to achieve practical learning outcomes .

These techniques may be the conscious application of ideas which have been subjected to previous appraisal and are therefore the realization of principles , or they may simply be a set of more or less formulaic activities sanctioned not by appraisal but by the approval of authority .
these [ways] may be the conscious application of ideas which have been subjected to previous appraisal and are therefore the realization of principles , or they may simply be a set of more or less formulaic activities sanctioned not by appraisal but by the approval of authority .

Or perhaps authority may come from some prestigious so the domain of the practitioner , as when techniques are recommended on the grounds that they have the warrant of proven theory .
or perhaps authority may come from some prestigious so the domain of the practitioner , as when [ways] are recommended on the grounds that they have the warrant of proven theory .

On the one hand we have an internal authority which directs techniques to the maintenance of traditional practices , and on the other we have an external authority which directs techniques to the implementation of change .
on the one hand we have an internal authority which directs [ways] to the maintenance of traditional practices , and on the other we have an external authority which directs [ways] to the implementation of change .

From the point of view of teacher activity as pragmatic mediation , operational techniques are the enactment of ideas previously subjected to appraisal which provides them with a rationale .
from the point of view of teacher activity as pragmatic mediation , operational [ways] are the enactment of ideas previously subjected to appraisal which provides them with a rationale .

It may well be that there are good reasons for following customary practices or for rejecting them in favour of new ones , but teachers ought to know what these reasons are , for it is this knowledge which provides for adaptability , the alternative realization of principles through techniques appropriate to different instructional settings .
it may well be that there are good reasons for following customary practices or for rejecting them in favour of new ones , but teachers ought to know what these reasons are , for it is this knowledge which provides for adaptability , the alternative realization of principles through [ways] appropriate to different instructional settings .

But it will do so by making them explicit , so that in effect techniques become distinguishable from the principles which inform them .
but it will do so by making them explicit , so that in effect [ways] become distinguishable from the principles which inform them .

If eclecticism is to be a matter of principle , it can not apply independently at the level of operational technique : it must apply at the level of appraisal which techniques will make variably operational in the manner previously discussed .
if eclecticism is to be a matter of principle , it can not apply independently at the level of operational technique : it must apply at the level of appraisal which [ways] will make variably operational in the manner previously discussed .

Eclectic techniques in this case will realize an underlying consistency .
eclectic [ways] in this case will realize an underlying consistency .

Here we are concerned with how the effects of teaching techniques on learner behaviour are monitored and how the techniques are modified accordingly .
here we are concerned with how the effects of teaching [ways] on learner behaviour are monitored and how the [ways] are modified accordingly .

When techniques are applied in the classroom and their effects are monitored , the question arises as to whether and to what extent these effects call for an adjustment of the techniques as realizations of a particular principle , or for a reappraisal of the principle itself .
when [ways] are applied in the classroom and their effects are monitored , the question arises as to whether and to what extent these effects call for an adjustment of the [ways] as realizations of a particular principle , or for a reappraisal of the principle itself .

The interesting question , in the present context , is how far these can be coordinated with familiar pedagogic techniques , thereby bringing research within the compass of normal teaching ; or , in more general terms , what implications does work on classroom observation have for developments in teacher education ( see Allwright 1988 ) .
the interesting question , in the present context , is how far these can be coordinated with familiar pedagogic [ways] , thereby bringing research within the compass of normal teaching ; or , in more general terms , what implications does work on classroom observation have for developments in teacher education ( see allwright 1988 ) .

It focuses , therefore , not on the application of ready-made problem-solving techniques but on the critical appraisal of the relationship between problem and solution as a matter of continuing enquiry and of adaptable practice .
it focuses , therefore , not on the application of ready-made problem-solving [ways] but on the critical appraisal of the relationship between problem and solution as a matter of continuing enquiry and of adaptable practice .

But techniques are not goals in themselves , as they are in a training perspective ; they are the means for making ideas operational and subject to modification in the light of evaluation .
but [ways] are not goals in themselves , as they are in a training perspective ; they are the means for making ideas operational and subject to modification in the light of evaluation .

The way techniques are to be considered in teacher education , not as procedures to conform to but to exploit , bears on the question of the use of existing teaching materials in the preparation of teachers .
the way [ways] are to be considered in teacher education , not as procedures to conform to but to exploit , bears on the question of the use of existing teaching materials in the preparation of teachers .

These teaching materials are techniques made manifest by the specific choice of language , designed and arranged as a series of tasks or exercises for immediate implementation .
these teaching materials are [ways] made manifest by the specific choice of language , designed and arranged as a series of tasks or exercises for immediate implementation .

Here what is important for novices is the development of confidence when confronted with a new and demanding , indeed threatening , social situation , and for this they need to draw upon a set of established and reliable techniques and learn to feel secure in the straightforward business of actually putting them into practice , whatever their validity in terms of learning effect might be .
here what is important for novices is the development of confidence when confronted with a new and demanding , indeed threatening , social situation , and for this they need to draw upon a set of established and reliable [ways] and learn to feel secure in the straightforward business of actually putting them into practice , whatever their validity in terms of learning effect might be .

In this way , the more specific question would be related to a more comprehensive framework of conceptual evaluation , and particular techniques seen to be realizations of more general principles of teaching .
in this way , the more specific question would be related to a more comprehensive framework of conceptual evaluation , and particular [ways] seen to be realizations of more general principles of teaching .

In an industry in which stock is such a key issue , retailers ' use of electronic point of sale techniques is limited .
in an industry in which stock is such a key issue , retailers ' use of electronic point of sale [ways] is limited .

Decision support techniques , such as sensitivity analysis , will improve the quality of the ultimate decision .
decision support [ways] , such as sensitivity analysis , will improve the quality of the ultimate decision .

Nevertheless , a blow has been struck for the land-owning taxpayer , particularly those less well-off individuals who have not been able to defend themselves against the local district valuer 's increasingly aggressive commercial techniques .
nevertheless , a blow has been struck for the land-owning taxpayer , particularly those less well-off individuals who have not been able to defend themselves against the local district valuer 's increasingly aggressive commercial [ways] .

The methods a research-based practitioner can use and the techniques for handling the resulting data are outlined in a clear and usable way .
the methods a research-based practitioner can use and the [ways] for handling the resulting data are outlined in a clear and usable way .

Using Ca 2+ -imaging techniques it has been shown that tetanic stimulation elevates Ca 2+ within dendrites and spines .
using ca 2+ -imaging [ways] it has been shown that tetanic stimulation elevates ca 2+ within dendrites and spines .

Now that we are beginning to understand the basic mechanisms of calcium release and entry , the next challenge is to describe the complex spatiotemporal patterns of calcium signalling revealed to us by single-cell imaging techniques .
now that we are beginning to understand the basic mechanisms of calcium release and entry , the next challenge is to describe the complex spatiotemporal patterns of calcium signalling revealed to us by single-cell imaging [ways] .

As our findings indicate that traditional farming techniques cause significant erosion , it is unlikely that a return to prehispanic farming methods would solve the problem of environmental degradation .
as our findings indicate that traditional farming [ways] cause significant erosion , it is unlikely that a return to prehispanic farming methods would solve the problem of environmental degradation .

This may be detected either by using pulse timing techniques or by very-long-baseline interferometry .
this may be detected either by using pulse timing [ways] or by very-long-baseline interferometry .

These same astrometric techniques will also allow easy determination of the proper motion of the system and hence its velocity , important in establishing its formation history .
these same astrometric [ways] will also allow easy determination of the proper motion of the system and hence its velocity , important in establishing its formation history .

Clearly , the mats are deposited much more rapidly than the surrounding nannofossil ooze so that the assumptions of uniform sedimentation rates between age ‘ picks ’ , upon which most palaeoceanographic techniques rely , are invalid .
clearly , the mats are deposited much more rapidly than the surrounding nannofossil ooze so that the assumptions of uniform sedimentation rates between age ‘ picks ’ , upon which most palaeoceanographic [ways] rely , are invalid .

They can be especially powerful when used in conjunction with genetic manipulation , and the two techniques are at their most convincing when they yield similar results .
they can be especially powerful when used in conjunction with genetic manipulation , and the two [ways] are at their most convincing when they yield similar results .

And a research study for the commission , published on April 25th , said that police needed better training in interrogation techniques , placing less emphasis on the quest for confessions .
and a research study for the commission , published on april 25th , said that police needed better training in interrogation [ways] , placing less emphasis on the quest for confessions .

Differential association starts with the observation that we all grow up in environments where we receive , from our associates , definitions both favourable and unfavourable to the acquisition of the motives for and the techniques to commit crime .
differential association starts with the observation that we all grow up in environments where we receive , from our associates , definitions both favourable and unfavourable to the acquisition of the motives for and the [ways] to commit crime .

His own contribution was to suggest ways in which the legal process exerted a powerful influence over delinquents : it provided them with a vocabulary which enabled them to justify their delinquent actions ‘ in the circumstances ’ ( ‘ techniques of neutralisation ’ ) and with a sense of injustice which helped to release them from feelings of obligation to conform .
his own contribution was to suggest ways in which the legal process exerted a powerful influence over delinquents : it provided them with a vocabulary which enabled them to justify their delinquent actions ‘ in the circumstances ’ ( ‘ [ways] of neutralisation ’ ) and with a sense of injustice which helped to release them from feelings of obligation to conform .

He subjects these bonds to rigorous empirical testing using the standard techniques of positivist criminology ( survey , statistical analysis ) , while in addition attempting to avoid the problem of the selectivity of ‘ official ’ definitions of criminality by using alternative sources of data ( ‘ self-report ’ data ) .
he subjects these bonds to rigorous empirical testing using the standard [ways] of positivist criminology ( survey , statistical analysis ) , while in addition attempting to avoid the problem of the selectivity of ‘ official ’ definitions of criminality by using alternative sources of data ( ‘ self-report ’ data ) .

Techniques for decreasing the opportunities for crime include such things as the better protection of property , which have been the usual focus of police crime-prevention programmes .
[ways] for decreasing the opportunities for crime include such things as the better protection of property , which have been the usual focus of police crime-prevention programmes .

We were also surprised and disappointed that some of the reporting of the conference seemed to trivialise the issues in a way that is only too familiar us — these are age old techniques which help oppression remain and flourish .
we were also surprised and disappointed that some of the reporting of the conference seemed to trivialise the issues in a way that is only too familiar us — these are age old [ways] which help oppression remain and flourish .

But with improved staffing levels and training at the centres , workers will have the skills and time to teach the techniques of independence .
but with improved staffing levels and training at the centres , workers will have the skills and time to teach the [ways] of independence .

Thomson , in particular , brought to the industry a dynamic concern with techniques of selling and marketing .
thomson , in particular , brought to the industry a dynamic concern with [ways] of selling and marketing .

This simple formula has benefited from some much improved recording techniques .
this simple formula has benefited from some much improved recording [ways] .

On most appliances ( except cookers which were exempt ) the high postwar level of purchase tax ( varying between 50 per cent and 100 per cent for much of this period ) , government restriction of credit facilities , and the limited adoption of modern design and mass production techniques severely limited the market size .
on most appliances ( except cookers which were exempt ) the high postwar level of purchase tax ( varying between 50 per cent and 100 per cent for much of this period ) , government restriction of credit facilities , and the limited adoption of modern design and mass production [ways] severely limited the market size .

He was able partly to overcome continuing obstructionism by using techniques of regression analysis to estimate load characteristics .
he was able partly to overcome continuing obstructionism by using [ways] of regression analysis to estimate load characteristics .

But above all , the big companies will bring to the business a sense of the relative costs of different techniques of waste disposal .
but above all , the big companies will bring to the business a sense of the relative costs of different [ways] of waste disposal .

Both Nevada and Arizona produce more gold than California does ; but California , with 48 producers using new extracting techniques , now accounts for around 1m ounces a year .
both nevada and arizona produce more gold than california does ; but california , with 48 producers using new extracting [ways] , now accounts for around 1m ounces a year .

Family therapy techniques , emphasising as they do the role of the parents and the necessity for them being fully involved in solving their own problems , were considered helpful .
family therapy [ways] , emphasising as they do the role of the parents and the necessity for them being fully involved in solving their own problems , were considered helpful .

The use of family therapy techniques throughout the process of recruiting and training new parents , and preparing children for placement , helps them to be familiar with such techniques and to acknowledge their value when problems develop .
the use of family therapy [ways] throughout the process of recruiting and training new parents , and preparing children for placement , helps them to be familiar with such [ways] and to acknowledge their value when problems develop .

It is these survival techniques which provide the cultural and psychological framework that gives energy and support to black children .
it is these survival [ways] which provide the cultural and psychological framework that gives energy and support to black children .

These sessions are balanced with lectures and demonstrations on photographic techniques .
these sessions are balanced with lectures and demonstrations on photographic [ways] .

flash the image will look much the same as using the techniques described for pre-flash , establishing more mid and highlight tones .
flash the image will look much the same as using the [ways] described for pre-flash , establishing more mid and highlight tones .

Of course it 's much easier to demonstrate techniques than write them down .
of course it 's much easier to demonstrate [ways] than write them down .

He tried all sorts of subjects and approaches to photography and different camera formats and techniques as part of the course but doggedly stuck to his 35mm camera because of the portability , cheapness and speed of action .
he tried all sorts of subjects and approaches to photography and different camera formats and [ways] as part of the course but doggedly stuck to his 35mm camera because of the portability , cheapness and speed of action .

This shift was largely made possible by the breaking of the tie between female sexuality and reproduction , particularly through new contraceptive techniques .
this shift was largely made possible by the breaking of the tie between female sexuality and reproduction , particularly through new contraceptive [ways] .

Arms cuts , improved verification and clever scaling techniques ( for guessing what a bigger bang would do ) mean that this limit could easily be dropped to 20 kilotons .
arms cuts , improved verification and clever scaling [ways] ( for guessing what a bigger bang would do ) mean that this limit could easily be dropped to 20 kilotons .

But more than any other imitators of Nazi atrocities , they have borrowed from Himmler-Eichmann techniques : death marches ; the programmed rape of Muslim women by Serbs to dilute Muslim blood or genes or whatever other ‘ scientific ’ madness they may be imagining ( Mengele ) ; the levelling of towns and villages in Croatia and Bosnia as punishment and as weapons of terror ( Lidice , Oradour-sur-Glane ) .
but more than any other imitators of nazi atrocities , they have borrowed from himmler-eichmann [ways] : death marches ; the programmed rape of muslim women by serbs to dilute muslim blood or genes or whatever other ‘ scientific ’ madness they may be imagining ( mengele ) ; the levelling of towns and villages in croatia and bosnia as punishment and as weapons of terror ( lidice , oradour-sur-glane ) .

In reforming Brown , Mr Magaziner pioneered a number of techniques seen later on the task force : studying the problem exhaustively ( his report on the curriculum was 425 pages long ) ; building a consensus ( he organised fashionable dances , admitting only those who had helped with the report ) ; coming up with breathtakingly bold proposals ; and hinting that dire consequences might follow if the establishment resisted his ideas .
in reforming brown , mr magaziner pioneered a number of [ways] seen later on the task force : studying the problem exhaustively ( his report on the curriculum was 425 pages long ) ; building a consensus ( he organised fashionable dances , admitting only those who had helped with the report ) ; coming up with breathtakingly bold proposals ; and hinting that dire consequences might follow if the establishment resisted his ideas .

You will learn about racket and string technology , stringing techniques and how to adapt the strings to every kind of player .
you will learn about racket and string technology , stringing [ways] and how to adapt the strings to every kind of player .

Fortunately teachers know of a great many such techniques .
fortunately teachers know of a great many such [ways] .

Some people learn particular techniques such as meditation or relaxation exercises .
some people learn particular [ways] such as meditation or relaxation exercises .

Many techniques for stress reduction can be appropriated by the same injunctions to succeed that got you stressed in the first place , and should be discontinued if you spot that they have been subverted in this way ( unless your goal has also changed along the way from stress reduction to record-breaking ) .
many [ways] for stress reduction can be appropriated by the same injunctions to succeed that got you stressed in the first place , and should be discontinued if you spot that they have been subverted in this way ( unless your goal has also changed along the way from stress reduction to record-breaking ) .

These are the last group of techniques we are going to consider .
these are the last group of [ways] we are going to consider .

‘ Coping with stress ’ books often offer people a prescription : lots of techniques and good advice that are claimed to have been tried and tested and of proven value to all .
‘ coping with stress ’ books often offer people a prescription : lots of [ways] and good advice that are claimed to have been tried and tested and of proven value to all .

The only journal devoted to academic writing on the history and techniques of printmaking , it has quickly established a high reputation under the editorship of David Landau and with an editorial board including Antony Griffiths , Craig Hartley , Jean-Michel Massing and Michael Snodin .
the only journal devoted to academic writing on the history and [ways] of printmaking , it has quickly established a high reputation under the editorship of david landau and with an editorial board including antony griffiths , craig hartley , jean-michel massing and michael snodin .

As well as selling her yarns and patterns , Nina will be holding special workshops at the Mill to cover ‘ Buttonholes ’ and ‘ Finishing Techniques for Knitwear ’ .
as well as selling her yarns and patterns , nina will be holding special workshops at the mill to cover ‘ buttonholes ’ and ‘ finishing [ways] for knitwear ’ .

Rita is a machine knitter of 20 years ' standing who has taught many techniques of the craft .
rita is a machine knitter of 20 years ' standing who has taught many [ways] of the craft .

This is an instructional tape which illustrates the actual technique of hand knitting in a slow and clear format which is easy to follow and aimed at teaching the beginner to master the basic techniques .
this is an instructional tape which illustrates the actual technique of hand knitting in a slow and clear format which is easy to follow and aimed at teaching the beginner to master the basic [ways] .

Learning to knit on a Duomatic is really quite easy but there are lots of techniques , which can help with making garments , which are not mentioned in the instruction books .
learning to knit on a duomatic is really quite easy but there are lots of [ways] , which can help with making garments , which are not mentioned in the instruction books .

This first course consists of ten lessons covering a wide range of techniques .
this first course consists of ten lessons covering a wide range of [ways] .

Despite colonial rule the islands ' distinctive craft techniques survived , particularly a liking for work inlaid with mother-of-pearl .
despite colonial rule the islands ' distinctive craft [ways] survived , particularly a liking for work inlaid with mother-of-pearl .

The paper works comprise a variety of techniques : collage , India ink swirled by an air compressor , and overpainted postcards , all of which serve as experimental preambles to Bartell 's paintings .
the paper works comprise a variety of [ways] : collage , india ink swirled by an air compressor , and overpainted postcards , all of which serve as experimental preambles to bartell 's paintings .

The morality of the critical moment is more interesting , in the end , than its techniques , and that interest may prove abiding .
the morality of the critical moment is more interesting , in the end , than its [ways] , and that interest may prove abiding .

Kathleen Tillotson 's Novels of the 1840s ( 1954 ) linked the fiction of Dickens , Thackeray , Elizabeth Gaskell and the Brontës to the social history of their times , exploring the techniques of serial publication , and in a concentrated masterpiece of creative scholarship it demonstrated how intimately public events affect literature , and literature in its turn events .
kathleen tillotson 's novels of the 1840s ( 1954 ) linked the fiction of dickens , thackeray , elizabeth gaskell and the brontës to the social history of their times , exploring the [ways] of serial publication , and in a concentrated masterpiece of creative scholarship it demonstrated how intimately public events affect literature , and literature in its turn events .

It describes in particular the ways in which Provençal painting , influenced by the development of photography , ‘ japonisme ’ and out of doors sketching , used a range of techniques which art history has previously only associated with the Paris-based Impressionists .
it describes in particular the ways in which provençal painting , influenced by the development of photography , ‘ japonisme ’ and out of doors sketching , used a range of [ways] which art history has previously only associated with the paris-based impressionists .

She begins with a tantalisingly brief resume of the resurgence of Murano glassmaking in the mid-nineteenth century , that fascinating period , full of pioneers in the re-discovery and re-invention of ancient techniques from both Roman and Renaissance glass .
she begins with a tantalisingly brief resume of the resurgence of murano glassmaking in the mid-nineteenth century , that fascinating period , full of pioneers in the re-discovery and re-invention of ancient [ways] from both roman and renaissance glass .

Once , there were frescoes , mosaics and other techniques which were dropped in favour of oil painting .
once , there were frescoes , mosaics and other [ways] which were dropped in favour of oil painting .

Speaking to The Art Newspaper , the repeated comment from a number of dealers was the high level of understanding among the visiting public about prints and printmaking techniques , particularly in comparison to visitors to the New York Works on Paper show .
speaking to the art newspaper , the repeated comment from a number of dealers was the high level of understanding among the visiting public about prints and printmaking [ways] , particularly in comparison to visitors to the new york works on paper show .

All five trainees — including a student , civil engineer , architect and pensioner — were taught the basics of railway safety and signalling , how to start and stop an engine , plus firing and driving techniques .
all five trainees — including a student , civil engineer , architect and pensioner — were taught the basics of railway safety and signalling , how to start and stop an engine , plus firing and driving [ways] .

Jonathan Stephenson 's ‘ Materials and Techniques ’ demonstration on pages 29–32 shows how markers and brush pens can be used as sketching tools , while in ‘ Talk of the Trade ’ on pages 40–41 Jackie Simmonds , Doreen Roberts and Brian Dunce put various art materials to the test .
jonathan stephenson 's ‘ materials and [ways] ’ demonstration on pages 29–32 shows how markers and brush pens can be used as sketching tools , while in ‘ talk of the trade ’ on pages 40–41 jackie simmonds , doreen roberts and brian dunce put various art materials to the test .

Pastel Techniques for Landscape Painting with Jackie Simmonds
pastel [ways] for landscape painting with jackie simmonds

Popular pastellist Jackie Simmonds will demonstrate and encourage students to explore different pastel techniques , using Schmincke pastels , and show how to translate these into landscape features .
popular pastellist jackie simmonds will demonstrate and encourage students to explore different pastel [ways] , using schmincke pastels , and show how to translate these into landscape features .

Materials and techniques
materials and [ways]

Art styles and techniques may have changed but our subject , the bird , has not .
art styles and [ways] may have changed but our subject , the bird , has not .

The Artist invites you to learn , or improve your techniques in the field with expert and enthusiastic tuition from well-known artist , water-colourist and tutor Peter Partington .
the artist invites you to learn , or improve your [ways] in the field with expert and enthusiastic tuition from well-known artist , water-colourist and tutor peter partington .

He will demonstrate techniques and approaches and help us with our questions as they arise .
he will demonstrate [ways] and approaches and help us with our questions as they arise .

It also determines the paper 's resilience to scraping and other colour removal techniques .
it also determines the paper 's resilience to scraping and other colour removal [ways] .

As mentioned earlier , a paper 's sizing also determines its resilience to scraping and other colour removal techniques .
as mentioned earlier , a paper 's sizing also determines its resilience to scraping and other colour removal [ways] .

Watercolourists who incorporate colour lifting and removal techniques into their paintings will obtain better results with a paper that is sized consistently throughout the sheet .
watercolourists who incorporate colour lifting and removal [ways] into their paintings will obtain better results with a paper that is sized consistently throughout the sheet .

The most versatile paper is perhaps the 140lb weight , because it is strong enough to handle traditional watercolour techniques and a reasonable amount of water , yet it is moderately priced .
the most versatile paper is perhaps the 140lb weight , because it is strong enough to handle traditional watercolour [ways] and a reasonable amount of water , yet it is moderately priced .

Although we are treated to a number of informative step-by-step demonstrations of work in progress , the real value of the book lies in the breathtaking range of styles , subject matter and techniques , which demonstrate the extraordinary versatility of pastels .
although we are treated to a number of informative step-by-step demonstrations of work in progress , the real value of the book lies in the breathtaking range of styles , subject matter and [ways] , which demonstrate the extraordinary versatility of pastels .

The book opens with an introduction to materials , and discusses types of pastels , papers and grounds , and then there are two general chapters — Techniques , and interpreting the Subject .
the book opens with an introduction to materials , and discusses types of pastels , papers and grounds , and then there are two general chapters — [ways] , and interpreting the subject .

But the more rigorous student may also pick up some excellent study habits and note-making techniques on the way .
but the more rigorous student may also pick up some excellent study habits and note-making [ways] on the way .

These show how to combine traditional classroom techniques with the use of video and will increase the confidence of teachers who may be unfamiliar with the medium .
these show how to combine traditional classroom [ways] with the use of video and will increase the confidence of teachers who may be unfamiliar with the medium .

Each book consists of an introduction presenting important issues in the area under consideration , followed by examples and discussion of actual classroom materials and techniques .
each book consists of an introduction presenting important issues in the area under consideration , followed by examples and discussion of actual classroom materials and [ways] .

Role play is one of the most flexible communicative techniques at the disposal of the teacher .
role play is one of the most flexible communicative [ways] at the disposal of the teacher .

Section One of Drama contains first-hand practical advice on the use of drama techniques to improve coursebook presentation , and to improve the teaching of spoken communication skills , pronunciation and literature .
section one of drama contains first-hand practical advice on the use of drama [ways] to improve coursebook presentation , and to improve the teaching of spoken communication skills , pronunciation and literature .

Project English gives the experienced and confident teacher maximum scope while providing a clear and supportive framework for the less experienced teacher to try out new techniques .
project english gives the experienced and confident teacher maximum scope while providing a clear and supportive framework for the less experienced teacher to try out new [ways] .

Additionally , the Video Guide explains techniques such as the use of freeze-frame and silent viewing that can be used to add to the effectiveness of the video .
additionally , the video guide explains [ways] such as the use of freeze-frame and silent viewing that can be used to add to the effectiveness of the video .

It describes a number of techniques that the teacher can use to involve students in active viewing .
it describes a number of [ways] that the teacher can use to involve students in active viewing .

They show how to combine normal classroom methodology with the special video techniques , and will increase the confidence of teachers who may be unfamiliar with the medium .
they show how to combine normal classroom methodology with the special video [ways] , and will increase the confidence of teachers who may be unfamiliar with the medium .

It fully describes a variety of stimulating exploitation techniques that will involve students in active viewing .
it fully describes a variety of stimulating exploitation [ways] that will involve students in active viewing .

Whether working in an expansive phase in which the techniques of ‘ agitation ’ were widely used or in a ‘ consolidationist ’ period in which ‘ pressure from without ’ assumed less importance , antislavery needed to maximise its influence in parliament and the administration in order to translate aspiration into policy and ensure that policy was effectively executed .
whether working in an expansive phase in which the [ways] of ‘ agitation ’ were widely used or in a ‘ consolidationist ’ period in which ‘ pressure from without ’ assumed less importance , antislavery needed to maximise its influence in parliament and the administration in order to translate aspiration into policy and ensure that policy was effectively executed .

This studied the texts by the techniques of literary and historical analysis , attempted to separate out historical material from legend or poetry , and even began to raise sensitive problems of authorship — as , for instance , whether all the first five books of the Old Testament were in fact written by Moses .
this studied the texts by the [ways] of literary and historical analysis , attempted to separate out historical material from legend or poetry , and even began to raise sensitive problems of authorship — as , for instance , whether all the first five books of the old testament were in fact written by moses .

The nineteenth century brought a new kind of search for the basis and foundation of theology itself ; a fresh attempt to bring human awareness and experience into the centre of theological study ; the forging of more specialised techniques for the literary and historical study of the Bible , techniques whose application helped to raise what were often felt to be disturbing and challenging questions about its meaning and relevance as well as about the standing and authority of established Christian doctrines ; and the sharp new question whether Christian theology itself ought not to be subsumed under some more general study of religion and religions .
the nineteenth century brought a new kind of search for the basis and foundation of theology itself ; a fresh attempt to bring human awareness and experience into the centre of theological study ; the forging of more specialised [ways] for the literary and historical study of the bible , [ways] whose application helped to raise what were often felt to be disturbing and challenging questions about its meaning and relevance as well as about the standing and authority of established christian doctrines ; and the sharp new question whether christian theology itself ought not to be subsumed under some more general study of religion and religions .

The manufacturers are actively using the techniques to make life easier for the hobbyists and better for the fish themselves .
the manufacturers are actively using the [ways] to make life easier for the hobbyists and better for the fish themselves .

Throughout his early career Chaplin noted the poverty and hardships that were common in society and these observations were fed into his act as he mastered the various techniques of traditional nineteenth-century mime , vaudeville , and clowning .
throughout his early career chaplin noted the poverty and hardships that were common in society and these observations were fed into his act as he mastered the various [ways] of traditional nineteenth-century mime , vaudeville , and clowning .

But more and more intellectuals seemed prepared to take this risk and went on to talk of Chaplin 's techniques , his ‘ dolefulness ’ , his sense of rhythm , and his mastery of myth and fancy .
but more and more intellectuals seemed prepared to take this risk and went on to talk of chaplin 's [ways] , his ‘ dolefulness ’ , his sense of rhythm , and his mastery of myth and fancy .

What they pleaded for was further experimentation and what they hoped was that the new techniques and acting styles could be extended to other types of films .
what they pleaded for was further experimentation and what they hoped was that the new [ways] and acting styles could be extended to other types of films .

In analysing the new acting Ferguson was nearer the mark when he suggested that the movies were now coming up with richer and more vital people but Daugherty 's comments serve to remind us that techniques and styles which should have been feeding into a new cinema of experimentation and realism were being used rather to bolster old conventions of melodrama .
in analysing the new acting ferguson was nearer the mark when he suggested that the movies were now coming up with richer and more vital people but daugherty 's comments serve to remind us that [ways] and styles which should have been feeding into a new cinema of experimentation and realism were being used rather to bolster old conventions of melodrama .

Given that an individual has a purpose in seeking training in a second language , there is a whole range of in-built techniques for learning which the student can bring to the learning environment .
given that an individual has a purpose in seeking training in a second language , there is a whole range of in-built [ways] for learning which the student can bring to the learning environment .

Most of these techniques have been described in psychological terms and are particularly useful in explaining the errors a new student makes in using the language .
most of these [ways] have been described in psychological terms and are particularly useful in explaining the errors a new student makes in using the language .

Although there has been intermittent interest in this area since that time , it is only more recently that there have been suitable techniques for more effective study .
although there has been intermittent interest in this area since that time , it is only more recently that there have been suitable [ways] for more effective study .

There are difficulties in these techniques and it has proved more effective most of the time to use techniques which involve perception rather than direct interference with brain processes .
there are difficulties in these [ways] and it has proved more effective most of the time to use [ways] which involve perception rather than direct interference with brain processes .

The principal techniques are dichotic listening tasks and visual hemifield identification tasks .
the principal [ways] are dichotic listening tasks and visual hemifield identification tasks .

This type of situation does not permit classical techniques of research .
this type of situation does not permit classical [ways] of research .

They 're designed to be emulsioned over : try using sponging techniques , with two or three colours , to give a deeper textured effect , without much added cost .
they 're designed to be emulsioned over : try using sponging [ways] , with two or three colours , to give a deeper textured effect , without much added cost .

Or try the other option : practise your painting techniques on offcut samples of textured Anaglyptas or relief papers ( which imitate grasscloth , etc ) .
or try the other option : practise your painting [ways] on offcut samples of textured anaglyptas or relief papers ( which imitate grasscloth , etc ) .

And conversely , if you find that you 're just not a dab hand at paint techniques , or have n't got the time to find out , there are now quite a few wallpapers available which reproduce the effects , but require not painting : just hang , and you have instant sponged , rag-rolled or marbled walls !
and conversely , if you find that you 're just not a dab hand at paint [ways] , or have n't got the time to find out , there are now quite a few wallpapers available which reproduce the effects , but require not painting : just hang , and you have instant sponged , rag-rolled or marbled walls !

The successful headteacher is invariably a pragmatist , using such organisation and teaching techniques as is appropriate to the children in his or her care .
the successful headteacher is invariably a pragmatist , using such organisation and teaching [ways] as is appropriate to the children in his or her care .

The teachers ' unions adopted a policy of industrial action and employed techniques appropriate to an industrial conflict .
the teachers ' unions adopted a policy of industrial action and employed [ways] appropriate to an industrial conflict .

There are formal techniques of network analysis which occasionally prove useful ; for example , in identifying equivalent diagrams or ways of simplifying diagrams ( Battersby , 1970 ) .
there are formal [ways] of network analysis which occasionally prove useful ; for example , in identifying equivalent diagrams or ways of simplifying diagrams ( battersby , 1970 ) .

The approach might consist of any one or any combination of the following techniques .
the approach might consist of any one or any combination of the following [ways] .

The techniques just described are no more than guidelines in what remains the creative art of studying and describing what an experienced worker is doing or will be required to do .
the [ways] just described are no more than guidelines in what remains the creative art of studying and describing what an experienced worker is doing or will be required to do .

In the first phase techniques and theories are developed in the West .
in the first phase [ways] and theories are developed in the west .

The extreme techniques of isolation , starvation and other forms of stress induction give some indication of the pressures required to positively change attitudes .
the extreme [ways] of isolation , starvation and other forms of stress induction give some indication of the pressures required to positively change attitudes .

This latter emphasis is intended to highlight the underlying but centrally important issues of control , power and interests together with the generation of conflict , rather than with mechanisms and techniques for its resolution .
this latter emphasis is intended to highlight the underlying but centrally important issues of control , power and interests together with the generation of conflict , rather than with mechanisms and [ways] for its resolution .

Sometimes a case will be made on the basis of what is known to happen abroad for the actual transfer or importation into a country of particular industrial relations methods or techniques .
sometimes a case will be made on the basis of what is known to happen abroad for the actual transfer or importation into a country of particular industrial relations methods or [ways] .

All this is not to deny the possible relevance of the results of comparative experience as an aid to practitioners and policy-makers who may hope to utilise ideas , approaches or techniques adopted in other countries .
all this is not to deny the possible relevance of the results of comparative experience as an aid to practitioners and policy-makers who may hope to utilise ideas , approaches or [ways] adopted in other countries .

In comparison with institutionally-oriented studies this kind of work is much more directed towards the specific testing of hypotheses via the use of multivariate , statistical techniques and it can utilise variables from a number of relevant disciplines .
in comparison with institutionally-oriented studies this kind of work is much more directed towards the specific testing of hypotheses via the use of multivariate , statistical [ways] and it can utilise variables from a number of relevant disciplines .

In countries where the onset of industrialisation came later ( as in Sweden ) increasing mechanisation and mass-production techniques , with easily learned and repetitive tasks , did not provide particular occupations with resources to construct powerful unions .
in countries where the onset of industrialisation came later ( as in sweden ) increasing mechanisation and mass-production [ways] , with easily learned and repetitive tasks , did not provide particular occupations with resources to construct powerful unions .

Your second option is to go for replacement windows that combine the latest design and constructional techniques with materials that promise minimal maintenance , and which include the bonus of having sealed-unit double glazing and built-in weatherstripping .
your second option is to go for replacement windows that combine the latest design and constructional [ways] with materials that promise minimal maintenance , and which include the bonus of having sealed-unit double glazing and built-in weatherstripping .

By the 1870s the machine has become so sophisticated that it needs more educated people to run it , to learn new techniques of maintenance and improvement , and to keep up its momentum .
by the 1870s the machine has become so sophisticated that it needs more educated people to run it , to learn new [ways] of maintenance and improvement , and to keep up its momentum .

Probably even more than action there was a great deal of talk about the techniques of sex , its joys , its malfunctions and inhibitions and how to overcome them .
probably even more than action there was a great deal of talk about the [ways] of sex , its joys , its malfunctions and inhibitions and how to overcome them .

But it is incumbent on us to transform man at the same rate so that he will be capable of mastering new techniques and new ways of thinking .
but it is incumbent on us to transform man at the same rate so that he will be capable of mastering new [ways] and new ways of thinking .

The fact that credit scoring is so relatively new to this country , but is likely to be used more and more in future , suggests that the time is particularly ripe for agreeing guidelines on scoring techniques .
the fact that credit scoring is so relatively new to this country , but is likely to be used more and more in future , suggests that the time is particularly ripe for agreeing guidelines on scoring [ways] .

This landing by Group 2 was deliberately made at the base of some sheer , snow-covered rocks 30 feet high , for no German machine-guns were likely to cover such an apparently impossible landing point , the enemy unaware the commandos had developed their techniques for such rough landings .
this landing by group 2 was deliberately made at the base of some sheer , snow-covered rocks 30 feet high , for no german machine-guns were likely to cover such an apparently impossible landing point , the enemy unaware the commandos had developed their [ways] for such rough landings .

Along with Lieutenant Bill Lloyd he had perfected the techniques for getting ashore among rocks ; but now Bill Lloyd was badly wounded , hit in the neck almost as soon as they began their grenade-tossing dash , firing tommy-guns from the hip .
along with lieutenant bill lloyd he had perfected the [ways] for getting ashore among rocks ; but now bill lloyd was badly wounded , hit in the neck almost as soon as they began their grenade-tossing dash , firing tommy-guns from the hip .

But new techniques were needed to find landing points for assault craft and ships , for not only minor craft and major craft ( LCTs etc ) would be put ashore but also Landing Ships Tank ( LSTs ) of over 300 feet ( 90+m ) weighing 4,080 short tons would beach .
but new [ways] were needed to find landing points for assault craft and ships , for not only minor craft and major craft ( lcts etc ) would be put ashore but also landing ships tank ( lsts ) of over 300 feet ( 90+m ) weighing 4,080 short tons would beach .

Therefore , the application of communication techniques , no matter how skilled and imaginative , will not of itself ensure the effective transmission of the gospel message .
therefore , the application of communication [ways] , no matter how skilled and imaginative , will not of itself ensure the effective transmission of the gospel message .

The ‘ in depth ’ interrogation techniques began to produce rapid results .
the ‘ in depth ’ interrogation [ways] began to produce rapid results .

In the final part of his Watercolour Master Class Series , Tom Robb combines dry brush techniques with other methods to create a windy scene .
in the final part of his watercolour master class series , tom robb combines dry brush [ways] with other methods to create a windy scene .

The 79 works on display offer an insight into the national psychology ; its effects on artists and the techniques they employed to represent it are placed under the spotlight .
the 79 works on display offer an insight into the national psychology ; its effects on artists and the [ways] they employed to represent it are placed under the spotlight .

Oval wash is suitable for watercolour techniques , carrying a large amount of colour and giving a soft edge .
oval wash is suitable for watercolour [ways] , carrying a large amount of colour and giving a soft edge .

However the best brushes to use are probably hog for thick applications and synthetic for watercolour techniques .
however the best brushes to use are probably hog for thick applications and synthetic for watercolour [ways] .

In truth there are liquid acrylics of varying viscosity and therefore suitable for different uses , but the one thing which they all have in common is that they open up acrylic work to the whole field of design and illustration and offer other useful techniques for the fine artist .
in truth there are liquid acrylics of varying viscosity and therefore suitable for different uses , but the one thing which they all have in common is that they open up acrylic work to the whole field of design and illustration and offer other useful [ways] for the fine artist .

Watercolour techniques are possible , with the advantage that once dry , colour can be overpainted with no lifting of the original colour , which avoids problems of muddying .
watercolour [ways] are possible , with the advantage that once dry , colour can be overpainted with no lifting of the original colour , which avoids problems of muddying .

This allows watercolour techniques — such as lifting colour whilst retaining durability .
this allows watercolour [ways] — such as lifting colour whilst retaining durability .

Gouache techniques produce very satisfying results , with the less liquid acrylics scoring better in this department .
gouache [ways] produce very satisfying results , with the less liquid acrylics scoring better in this department .

If you are prepared to live dangerously , you can take many of the techniques above and combine them in one image , or , you may even discover completely new applications for this superb medium .
if you are prepared to live dangerously , you can take many of the [ways] above and combine them in one image , or , you may even discover completely new applications for this superb medium .

Program means the computer Program contained in this package together with all codes , techniques , formats , designs , concepts , methods and ideas associated with the computer Program .
program means the computer program contained in this package together with all codes , [ways] , formats , designs , concepts , methods and ideas associated with the computer program .

Our colleagues thus are now to be found participating and observing in villages and urban enclaves in Britain and America as well as on the ski-slopes of Europe , and are also making forays into factories , prisons and hospitals to see whether they can produce more interesting and unexpected findings than those already provided by other techniques of research .
our colleagues thus are now to be found participating and observing in villages and urban enclaves in britain and america as well as on the ski-slopes of europe , and are also making forays into factories , prisons and hospitals to see whether they can produce more interesting and unexpected findings than those already provided by other [ways] of research .

So while we may decry our predecessors ' excessive self-absorption , we have again to salute their ingenuity in developing a valuable and indispensable part of the archaeologist 's armoury of techniques .
so while we may decry our predecessors ' excessive self-absorption , we have again to salute their ingenuity in developing a valuable and indispensable part of the archaeologist 's armoury of [ways] .

The essence of diffusionism is that where you find the same or similar techniques you propose the existence of some form of cultural connection or ‘ borrowing ’ , especially when , in the case of material objects , the similarities do not stem automatically from the raw materials used , and where they are reinforced by large numbers of parallel instances .
the essence of diffusionism is that where you find the same or similar [ways] you propose the existence of some form of cultural connection or ‘ borrowing ’ , especially when , in the case of material objects , the similarities do not stem automatically from the raw materials used , and where they are reinforced by large numbers of parallel instances .

This method of looking at cultural objects , developed chiefly by German and American scholars at the turn of the century , assumes in its extreme form that complex and exotic techniques can only be invented once in the history of mankind .
this method of looking at cultural objects , developed chiefly by german and american scholars at the turn of the century , assumes in its extreme form that complex and exotic [ways] can only be invented once in the history of mankind .

Whether in relation to Polish politics or other social issues , in our communications-obsessed world only a fool would claim that the diffusion of ideas and techniques is unimportant .
whether in relation to polish politics or other social issues , in our communications-obsessed world only a fool would claim that the diffusion of ideas and [ways] is unimportant .

Their weapon is malicious thought itself , not techniques which , in principle , can be detected and observed .
their weapon is malicious thought itself , not [ways] which , in principle , can be detected and observed .

As one would expect , the Zande have many different oracular and divinatory techniques for detecting witches ; only two of these will be considered here .
as one would expect , the zande have many different oracular and divinatory [ways] for detecting witches ; only two of these will be considered here .

With these techniques the shaman guards and protects his human flock , interceding , when necessary , with the gods on their behalf .
with these [ways] the shaman guards and protects his human flock , interceding , when necessary , with the gods on their behalf .

For example the centre could facilitate research in the areas where it felt that development , change and adoption of new techniques was required .
for example the centre could facilitate research in the areas where it felt that development , change and adoption of new [ways] was required .

It is surprising that the work and evolution of the hospital was not in any way linked up with the Powick project : first , because of the knowledge evidently acquired about the prospects and techniques for resettling the long-stay population , with which the Department of Health was concerned , and second , because of the enhanced rehabilitation resources which it offered .
it is surprising that the work and evolution of the hospital was not in any way linked up with the powick project : first , because of the knowledge evidently acquired about the prospects and [ways] for resettling the long-stay population , with which the department of health was concerned , and second , because of the enhanced rehabilitation resources which it offered .

However , there is on other occasions a remarkable similarity of techniques , of clothes and of weapons .
however , there is on other occasions a remarkable similarity of [ways] , of clothes and of weapons .

How do they learn of the detail and , indeed , where do they learn the specific techniques ?
how do they learn of the detail and , indeed , where do they learn the specific [ways] ?

The Los Angeles-based developer has perfected the art of delivering applications developed on Sun Microsystems Inc workstations to other systems through its Cats Meow product — techniques considered of great strategic importance to AimTech which is keen to maximise the portability of its IconAuthor Windows-based authoring tools .
the los angeles-based developer has perfected the art of delivering applications developed on sun microsystems inc workstations to other systems through its cats meow product — [ways] considered of great strategic importance to aimtech which is keen to maximise the portability of its iconauthor windows-based authoring tools .

We use the most advanced techniques to assemble our clubs , which have the best designs in the world .
we use the most advanced [ways] to assemble our clubs , which have the best designs in the world .

After a period of experimenting with designs and acoustics , Nigel has now developed his techniques to a high level such that he can now calculate , and fabricate steam whistles to virtually any specific combination of notes he requires .
after a period of experimenting with designs and acoustics , nigel has now developed his [ways] to a high level such that he can now calculate , and fabricate steam whistles to virtually any specific combination of notes he requires .

Knowledge of economic policy , quantitative methods and hands-on experience dealing with issues and applying analytical appraisal techniques in the sector .
knowledge of economic policy , quantitative methods and hands-on experience dealing with issues and applying analytical appraisal [ways] in the sector .

Using sophisticated computer modelling techniques ( therefore previous experience in this area is essential ) , you will be involved in both medium and long term projects , together with evaluating new contracts .
using sophisticated computer modelling [ways] ( therefore previous experience in this area is essential ) , you will be involved in both medium and long term projects , together with evaluating new contracts .

You will need to have an impressive knowledge of research techniques linked with outstanding management skills to manage a young , dynamic team , and develop their work within the organisation 's changing structure .
you will need to have an impressive knowledge of research [ways] linked with outstanding management skills to manage a young , dynamic team , and develop their work within the organisation 's changing structure .

University degree in economics or social sciences ( PhD or comparable qualification ) with an excellent background in empirical social science and in mathematical and statistical techniques , experience in international comparative or institutionally oriented policy analysis .
university degree in economics or social sciences ( phd or comparable qualification ) with an excellent background in empirical social science and in mathematical and statistical [ways] , experience in international comparative or institutionally oriented policy analysis .

The University has committed significant resources to the Centre , associated with the transfer of Dr Peter Bruce to St Andrews , and it is equipped with a wide range of electrochemical techniques .
the university has committed significant resources to the centre , associated with the transfer of dr peter bruce to st andrews , and it is equipped with a wide range of electrochemical [ways] .

Experience and knowledge of near infrared spectrophotometry , computers , gc-ms , and other spectrophotometric techniques would be an advantage .
experience and knowledge of near infrared spectrophotometry , computers , gc-ms , and other spectrophotometric [ways] would be an advantage .

We wish to appoint a recent PhD graduate for a term of 3 years to undertake research in the development of generic techniques and artificial intelligence for expert systems and intelligent optimisation of systems and processes with broad application to design , planning and operation of engineering systems and facilities , including construction robotics .
we wish to appoint a recent phd graduate for a term of 3 years to undertake research in the development of generic [ways] and artificial intelligence for expert systems and intelligent optimisation of systems and processes with broad application to design , planning and operation of engineering systems and facilities , including construction robotics .

Training will be given in the requisite biochemical analysis and immunolocalisation techniques .
training will be given in the requisite biochemical analysis and immunolocalisation [ways] .

Flueing Techniques — This team focuses on the development of new flueing techniques and the improvement of current flue testing and design practice .
flueing [ways] — this team focuses on the development of new flueing [ways] and the improvement of current flue testing and design practice .

Without them , many of today 's sophisticated techniques would not be carried out , particularly in the vital field of Blood Transfusion .
without them , many of today 's sophisticated [ways] would not be carried out , particularly in the vital field of blood transfusion .

Candidates must hold a professional degree in Architecture , an advanced degree , and specialization in the detailed aspects of the building envelope including diagnostic problems and techniques .
candidates must hold a professional degree in architecture , an advanced degree , and specialization in the detailed aspects of the building envelope including diagnostic problems and [ways] .

Training will focus on news reporting and interview techniques .
training will focus on news reporting and interview [ways] .

The life expired boiler from No. 5 , ‘ Moel Siabod ’ is set up to test equipment and techniques which could prove to be the saviour of steam .
the life expired boiler from no. 5 , ‘ moel siabod ’ is set up to test equipment and [ways] which could prove to be the saviour of steam .

and special equipment ( closed circuit television ) and in techniques for personal independence and mobility if these are necessary .
and special equipment ( closed circuit television ) and in [ways] for personal independence and mobility if these are necessary .

Fortunately , with improved surgical and technical techniques it is now possible to operate on the cataracts of newborn children within the first ten days of life in some cases , and this is considered by some consultants to be advisable .
fortunately , with improved surgical and technical [ways] it is now possible to operate on the cataracts of newborn children within the first ten days of life in some cases , and this is considered by some consultants to be advisable .

Techniques will vary according to whether the aid is to be used for distance work , but the following elements should be included in training a child to use a low vision aid .
[ways] will vary according to whether the aid is to be used for distance work , but the following elements should be included in training a child to use a low vision aid .

Halliday and Kurzhals ( 1976 ) describe the value of specialist techniques for the child who ‘ learns the simple travel techniques of trailing in unfamiliar places , squaring off directly to go to a designated place , using the cross bar techniques when away from other children on a playground and retrieving dropped objects .
halliday and kurzhals ( 1976 ) describe the value of specialist [ways] for the child who ‘ learns the simple travel [ways] of trailing in unfamiliar places , squaring off directly to go to a designated place , using the cross bar [ways] when away from other children on a playground and retrieving dropped objects .

If a sighted guide is needed at the stage when a blind pupil has not completely mastered independent mobility techniques or is in an unfamiliar environment , it is safer and more comfortable if the correct sighted guide technique , which is a very simple one , is adopted .
if a sighted guide is needed at the stage when a blind pupil has not completely mastered independent mobility [ways] or is in an unfamiliar environment , it is safer and more comfortable if the correct sighted guide technique , which is a very simple one , is adopted .

Techniques for going up and down stairs , through doors and in narrow spaces should be properly demonstrated by a mobility expert so that pupils guiding a blind friend can do it in a safe , efficient way .
[ways] for going up and down stairs , through doors and in narrow spaces should be properly demonstrated by a mobility expert so that pupils guiding a blind friend can do it in a safe , efficient way .

illustrates sighted guide techniques clearly .
illustrates sighted guide [ways] clearly .

This is often impossible to obtain , however , as many of the torture techniques leave few visible injuries , or only superficial injuries which disappear during the long period in police custody .
this is often impossible to obtain , however , as many of the torture [ways] leave few visible injuries , or only superficial injuries which disappear during the long period in police custody .

‘ The Pacific 's churches need the will to act , the coordination to move together , and the skills and techniques to use the mass media to communicate their message and mission in the most effective way , ’ he said .
‘ the pacific 's churches need the will to act , the coordination to move together , and the skills and [ways] to use the mass media to communicate their message and mission in the most effective way , ’ he said .

techniques and mechanisms of childrearing ;
[ways] and mechanisms of childrearing ;

techniques and mechanisms of social interaction and control ;
[ways] and mechanisms of social interaction and control ;

Much of Western psychotherapy draws , in various forms , on the catharsis model , whereby it is held as necessary for emotional health to come to terms with the repressed anger that is assumed to be inside the individual , and techniques are developed to make the individual confront these in a dramatic form .
much of western psychotherapy draws , in various forms , on the catharsis model , whereby it is held as necessary for emotional health to come to terms with the repressed anger that is assumed to be inside the individual , and [ways] are developed to make the individual confront these in a dramatic form .

Being invited to commence the proceedings on the first day , an insight into modern journalism , techniques and railway photography in both colour slide form and black and white mediums proved most interesting .
being invited to commence the proceedings on the first day , an insight into modern journalism , [ways] and railway photography in both colour slide form and black and white mediums proved most interesting .

He particularly missed the huge oil portraits which had dignified that impressive Whitehall staircase , intrigued always by the techniques by which artists of varying talents had coped with the challenge of dignifying the ordinary and occasionally unprepossessing features of their sitters by the visual exploitation of magnificent robes and by imposing on their pudgy faces the stern consciousness of imperial power .
he particularly missed the huge oil portraits which had dignified that impressive whitehall staircase , intrigued always by the [ways] by which artists of varying talents had coped with the challenge of dignifying the ordinary and occasionally unprepossessing features of their sitters by the visual exploitation of magnificent robes and by imposing on their pudgy faces the stern consciousness of imperial power .

‘ Not with the new techniques and in expert hands .
‘ not with the new [ways] and in expert hands .

To answer this question required new mathematical techniques .
to answer this question required new mathematical [ways] .

We used these techniques to show that there must have been a state of infinite density in the past , if the general theory of relativity is correct .
we used these [ways] to show that there must have been a state of infinite density in the past , if the general theory of relativity is correct .

Knowledge and techniques ca n't just be forgotten .
knowledge and [ways] ca n't just be forgotten .

More use could also be made of educational techniques to improve interpersonal social skills and increase levels of educational attainment , particularly as many long-term attenders are handicapped not just by their mental disorder but also by poor schooling and impaired learning ability .
more use could also be made of educational [ways] to improve interpersonal social skills and increase levels of educational attainment , particularly as many long-term attenders are handicapped not just by their mental disorder but also by poor schooling and impaired learning ability .

Many builders are unlikely to develop sophisticated costing techniques for their stores department , which will usually only represent a small fraction of the total materials purchases for the business as a whole .
many builders are unlikely to develop sophisticated costing [ways] for their stores department , which will usually only represent a small fraction of the total materials purchases for the business as a whole .

It is important to develop budgetary control techniques and costing records within the company to clearly identify where profit is being made on development .
it is important to develop budgetary control [ways] and costing records within the company to clearly identify where profit is being made on development .

For most builders management accounting will be limited to the production of a few fundamental sets of additional information , although the national contractors will have developed many finely tuned and sophisticated management accounting techniques .
for most builders management accounting will be limited to the production of a few fundamental sets of additional information , although the national contractors will have developed many finely tuned and sophisticated management accounting [ways] .

One of the techniques of argument is to take an extreme case .
one of the [ways] of argument is to take an extreme case .

‘ Management techniques . ’
‘ management [ways] . ’

The first is the early dialectological methods from which the interviewing techniques used in New York City were developed ; these in turn are refined yet further in the Philadelphia project .
the first is the early dialectological methods from which the interviewing [ways] used in new york city were developed ; these in turn are refined yet further in the philadelphia project .

The second source of influence , is the participant observation techniques developed by Blom and Gumperz and adapted by Labov and his colleagues in their study of black adolescents in Harlem .
the second source of influence , is the participant observation [ways] developed by blom and gumperz and adapted by labov and his colleagues in their study of black adolescents in harlem .

Six major neighbourhood studies were carried out in Philadelphia between 1972 and 1976 , utilizing a range of information-seeking techniques :
six major neighbourhood studies were carried out in philadelphia between 1972 and 1976 , utilizing a range of information-seeking [ways] :

Most obviously , since the asymmetrical question/answer structure of the interview remains , it does not seem plausible to claim that the topic-shifting techniques described by Labov resemble at all closely those in normal conversation where speakers have equal rights of topic initiation .
most obviously , since the asymmetrical question/answer structure of the interview remains , it does not seem plausible to claim that the topic-shifting [ways] described by labov resemble at all closely those in normal conversation where speakers have equal rights of topic initiation .

The participant observation techniques in this study were similar to those used in the urban community studies .
the participant observation [ways] in this study were similar to those used in the urban community studies .

The various caveats expressed in 6.8.4 on the use of statistical techniques by sociolinguists are not as negative as they might seem , since recently the overuse of significance testing in social science research generally has come in for some criticism .
the various caveats expressed in 6.8.4 on the use of statistical [ways] by sociolinguists are not as negative as they might seem , since recently the overuse of significance testing in social science research generally has come in for some criticism .

Researchers have noted that many data-handling techniques depend upon assumptions which are hardly ever met in the social and behavioural sciences ( see 6.8.4 ) .
researchers have noted that many data-handling [ways] depend upon assumptions which are hardly ever met in the social and behavioural sciences ( see 6.8.4 ) .

Data are often dirty , containing errors and gaps , and sociolinguistic data have similar characteristics ( see McEntegart and Le Page 1982 for an assessment of the difficulties of applying standard statistical techniques in sociolinguistics ) .
data are often dirty , containing errors and gaps , and sociolinguistic data have similar characteristics ( see mcentegart and le page 1982 for an assessment of the difficulties of applying standard statistical [ways] in sociolinguistics ) .

The techniques are quick and simple to use and learn , intuitive and visually appealing , and resistant to errors and flukes .
the [ways] are quick and simple to use and learn , intuitive and visually appealing , and resistant to errors and flukes .

One feature of Tukey 's techniques is the degree of insight they give into the data .
one feature of tukey 's [ways] is the degree of insight they give into the data .

Having used exploratory techniques to ‘ ransack ’ the data , the idea is then to generate hypotheses which can be tested using confirmatory statistics .
having used exploratory [ways] to ‘ ransack ’ the data , the idea is then to generate hypotheses which can be tested using confirmatory statistics .

This will emerge from extensive application of a range of exploratory techniques , and such a procedure is particularly important prior to using one of the computer packages designed for confirmatory statistics .
this will emerge from extensive application of a range of exploratory [ways] , and such a procedure is particularly important prior to using one of the computer packages designed for confirmatory statistics .

Exploratory techniques are extremely well fitted to sociolinguistic research .
exploratory [ways] are extremely well fitted to sociolinguistic research .

Consequently , not all sociolinguistic studies of syntactic variation are quantitative , and not all take as their data base the corpora of naturally occurring speech preferred for phonological work ; elicitation techniques of various kinds are sometimes used .
consequently , not all sociolinguistic studies of syntactic variation are quantitative , and not all take as their data base the corpora of naturally occurring speech preferred for phonological work ; elicitation [ways] of various kinds are sometimes used .

This chapter begins by examining some major fieldwork problems associated with the study of syntactic variation , going on to review in 7.3 some studies which have tackled them by means of various elicitation techniques .
this chapter begins by examining some major fieldwork problems associated with the study of syntactic variation , going on to review in 7.3 some studies which have tackled them by means of various elicitation [ways] .

7.3 The Use of Elicitation Techniques
7.3 the use of elicitation [ways]

7.3.2 Some problems in the use of elicitation techniques
7.3.2 some problems in the use of elicitation [ways]

Once the text has been accurately input to the computer , there are no particular practical problems associated with running a concordance program to study a wide range of syntactic variables ; the major advantage of computer techniques is the ease with which repetitive processes can be carried out and large amounts of data stored which can later be added to .
once the text has been accurately input to the computer , there are no particular practical problems associated with running a concordance program to study a wide range of syntactic variables ; the major advantage of computer [ways] is the ease with which repetitive processes can be carried out and large amounts of data stored which can later be added to .

The widespread availability of package programs for multivariate statistical techniques like factor , cluster and principal components analysis .
the widespread availability of package programs for multivariate statistical [ways] like factor , cluster and principal components analysis .

( 1980 ) point out that statistical classification methods are by their very nature exploratory data-analysis techniques , dependent on the methods used and on a number of arbitrary definitions , and it is therefore inevitable that the results should be seen as a pioneering first attempt , rather than as a polished final product based on the application of well established proven methods .
( 1980 ) point out that statistical classification methods are by their very nature exploratory data-analysis [ways] , dependent on the methods used and on a number of arbitrary definitions , and it is therefore inevitable that the results should be seen as a pioneering first attempt , rather than as a polished final product based on the application of well established proven methods .

Nonetheless , most recent work into the psychological attitude of people as to whether areas are urban or rural has used multivariate techniques .
nonetheless , most recent work into the psychological attitude of people as to whether areas are urban or rural has used multivariate [ways] .

However , a good number of geographers have conducted recreational surveys in the last 20 years and a good deal of experience in the methods and techniques for conducting visitor surveys , in particular , has been obtained , so that it is now generally agreed that the following procedure should be followed :
however , a good number of geographers have conducted recreational surveys in the last 20 years and a good deal of experience in the methods and [ways] for conducting visitor surveys , in particular , has been obtained , so that it is now generally agreed that the following procedure should be followed :

Collect information by ( a ) mechanical techniques or ( b ) observation techniques or ( c ) questionnaire techniques ; or by a combination of ( a ) , ( b ) and ( c ) ; and
collect information by ( a ) mechanical [ways] or ( b ) observation [ways] or ( c ) questionnaire [ways] ; or by a combination of ( a ) , ( b ) and ( c ) ; and

In spite of the fact that landscape evaluation techniques only date from the mid-1960s a voluminous literature has evolved .
in spite of the fact that landscape evaluation [ways] only date from the mid-1960s a voluminous literature has evolved .

Penning-Rowsell ( 1981 ) has provided an excellent review of the literature during this period , and has concluded that it saw a sustained attempt to devise techniques for the quantification of the scenic quality or value of landscapes .
penning-rowsell ( 1981 ) has provided an excellent review of the literature during this period , and has concluded that it saw a sustained attempt to devise [ways] for the quantification of the scenic quality or value of landscapes .

However , few of the statistical methods have achieved more than a 70 per cent explanation rate , and furthermore , the regressions have often been based on very small samples of professional people , and the mechanistic techniques have cloaked what is essentially unquantifiable with an indefensible professional mysticism .
however , few of the statistical methods have achieved more than a 70 per cent explanation rate , and furthermore , the regressions have often been based on very small samples of professional people , and the mechanistic [ways] have cloaked what is essentially unquantifiable with an indefensible professional mysticism .

The report alleged that many scientists , engineers and other specialists were not given the opportunities they should have and too few civil servants were skilled in the techniques of modern management .
the report alleged that many scientists , engineers and other specialists were not given the opportunities they should have and too few civil servants were skilled in the [ways] of modern management .

To solve the problems it diagnosed , the Fulton Committee recommended a number of changes which amounted to an attempt to introduce the modern ( largely American ) techniques of business management into the civil service .
to solve the problems it diagnosed , the fulton committee recommended a number of changes which amounted to an attempt to introduce the modern ( largely american ) [ways] of business management into the civil service .

Control is exercised by financial techniques and revision of the objectives set for each unit .
control is exercised by financial [ways] and revision of the objectives set for each unit .

10 staff , a smaller Cabinet and many of the modern techniques of business management in the civil service which were later elaborated in the Fulton Report .
10 staff , a smaller cabinet and many of the modern [ways] of business management in the civil service which were later elaborated in the fulton report .

Why was it that British industrialists took advantage of rising labour productivity to reduce their labour force , rather than to develop new forms of production using more sophisticated techniques and making improved products to sell at home and abroad ?
why was it that british industrialists took advantage of rising labour productivity to reduce their labour force , rather than to develop new forms of production using more sophisticated [ways] and making improved products to sell at home and abroad ?

They then analyse the interrelationship of these data using various statistical techniques in an effort to isolate the importance of the various factors for the number of hours worked .
they then analyse the interrelationship of these data using various statistical [ways] in an effort to isolate the importance of the various factors for the number of hours worked .

The postwar expansion in the book market allowed for a wider distribution ( with paper covers , at lower prices ) and books became a commodity to which the newly developed sales techniques and marketing methods could be applied .
the postwar expansion in the book market allowed for a wider distribution ( with paper covers , at lower prices ) and books became a commodity to which the newly developed sales [ways] and marketing methods could be applied .

So while music video , bar a few exceptions , reinforces the most obvious aspects of the ‘ dominant ’ sexuality , in the tired arrogance of advertising techniques , an explicitly ‘ out-gay ’ and highly successful pop group like Bronski Beat will split up because their politics ca n't cope with current pop practices .
so while music video , bar a few exceptions , reinforces the most obvious aspects of the ‘ dominant ’ sexuality , in the tired arrogance of advertising [ways] , an explicitly ‘ out-gay ’ and highly successful pop group like bronski beat will split up because their politics ca n't cope with current pop practices .

Soon the subordinate zones shrink to narrow pattern-borders and all the concentration is on the figure-scenes , executed in a variety of techniques : outline , outline filled with white , a mixture of black and white silhouette , and sometimes black-figure , used with more colour than is common at Corinth and seldom for the main figures .
soon the subordinate zones shrink to narrow pattern-borders and all the concentration is on the figure-scenes , executed in a variety of [ways] : outline , outline filled with white , a mixture of black and white silhouette , and sometimes black-figure , used with more colour than is common at corinth and seldom for the main figures .

In the case of another very early practitioner , Psiax , who also worked with Andokides but whose stylistic links are with Lydos and Amasis rather than Exekias , the highly distinctive hand is unmistakable in both techniques .
in the case of another very early practitioner , psiax , who also worked with andokides but whose stylistic links are with lydos and amasis rather than exekias , the highly distinctive hand is unmistakable in both [ways] .

There is a large literature on small area forecasting techniques ( e.g .
there is a large literature on small area forecasting [ways] ( e.g .

Ironically , the same concept and designation were evident in work of a different kind , where comparable observational and analytic techniques were employed but in the context of a radical critique of the institutions and their functions in capitalist society ( a specification of particular kinds of ‘ socialization ’ and ‘ communication ’ within a particular social and economic order ) .
ironically , the same concept and designation were evident in work of a different kind , where comparable observational and analytic [ways] were employed but in the context of a radical critique of the institutions and their functions in capitalist society ( a specification of particular kinds of ‘ socialization ’ and ‘ communication ’ within a particular social and economic order ) .

In painting in Renaissance Italy , where the term ‘ school ’ is now commonly used in classification , the crux of the definition is usually a particular city — Florence or Venice — within which certain identifiable styles and techniques were developed , sometimes by direct teaching , at other times by the more general facts of civic association and mutual influence .
in painting in renaissance italy , where the term ‘ school ’ is now commonly used in classification , the crux of the definition is usually a particular city — florence or venice — within which certain identifiable styles and [ways] were developed , sometimes by direct teaching , at other times by the more general facts of civic association and mutual influence .

There is usually some generality of access to at least some of the techniques involved in the first three types .
there is usually some generality of access to at least some of the [ways] involved in the first three types .

On the other hand , as a culture becomes richer and more complex , involving many more artistic techniques developed to a high degree of specialization , the social distance of many practices becomes much greater , and there is a virtually inevitable if always complex set of divisions between participants and spectators in the various arts .
on the other hand , as a culture becomes richer and more complex , involving many more artistic [ways] developed to a high degree of specialization , the social distance of many practices becomes much greater , and there is a virtually inevitable if always complex set of divisions between participants and spectators in the various arts .

Yet , first , that outcome of specialization which is an assumed general division between those who create and perform and those who merely receive is not significantly greater at this level of material techniques than at the level of systems of training of inherent resources .
yet , first , that outcome of specialization which is an assumed general division between those who create and perform and those who merely receive is not significantly greater at this level of material [ways] than at the level of systems of training of inherent resources .

Indeed it is only , or at least primarily , in the development of material techniques of the fourth and fifth types that what is at first not much more than a relatively open specialization and diversity of attention becomes a formative and even determining set of divisive social relations .
indeed it is only , or at least primarily , in the development of material [ways] of the fourth and fifth types that what is at first not much more than a relatively open specialization and diversity of attention becomes a formative and even determining set of divisive social relations .

Through all these varying degrees of access , there is still , in work in these techniques , some connection of inherent resources .
through all these varying degrees of access , there is still , in work in these [ways] , some connection of inherent resources .

Writing as a cultural technique is wholly dependent on forms of specialized training , not only ( as became common in other techniques ) for producers but also , and crucially , for receivers .
writing as a cultural technique is wholly dependent on forms of specialized training , not only ( as became common in other [ways] ) for producers but also , and crucially , for receivers .

But at this point , decisively , techniques of the new fifth type become relevant and even determining .
but at this point , decisively , [ways] of the new fifth type become relevant and even determining .

The new techniques of deliberate reproduction and circulation are then of great sociological significance .
the new [ways] of deliberate reproduction and circulation are then of great sociological significance .

But techniques of reproducing graphic images — illustrations — were very slow to develop .
but [ways] of reproducing graphic images — illustrations — were very slow to develop .

On the one hand it is clear that the techniques of physical reproduction were still largely employed within the modes of general social and cultural reproduction .
on the one hand it is clear that the [ways] of physical reproduction were still largely employed within the modes of general social and cultural reproduction .

Techniques and technologies
[ways] and technologies

The ‘ producer ’ , ‘ director ’ or ‘ manager ’ emerged when wholly coordinated production not only of the acting but of new staging techniques , including new kinds of design and lighting , was seen as necessary and desirable .
the ‘ producer ’ , ‘ director ’ or ‘ manager ’ emerged when wholly coordinated production not only of the acting but of new staging [ways] , including new kinds of design and lighting , was seen as necessary and desirable .

Kandinskaya watched her as if she were some lab specimen but eight months of training had taught Jezrael techniques that smoothed her responses to a minimum .
kandinskaya watched her as if she were some lab specimen but eight months of training had taught jezrael [ways] that smoothed her responses to a minimum .

There has therefore been a steady and persistent ‘ drift from the land ’ of agricultural labour , which is either pushed out by continuing mechanization and the adoption of other labour-saving techniques or lured into other industries by the prospect of higher wages and better conditions of employment .
there has therefore been a steady and persistent ‘ drift from the land ’ of agricultural labour , which is either pushed out by continuing mechanization and the adoption of other labour-saving [ways] or lured into other industries by the prospect of higher wages and better conditions of employment .

They relate basically to the widespread changes which have occurred in agricultural technology and husbandry techniques during the ‘ second agricultural revolution ’ of the last thirty years .
they relate basically to the widespread changes which have occurred in agricultural technology and husbandry [ways] during the ‘ second agricultural revolution ’ of the last thirty years .

The nightmare of conductive education is unachievable because nowhere in human history have the different been turned into the normal and neither medical science nor other rehabilitative techniques or educational Interventions can assist in this process .
the nightmare of conductive education is unachievable because nowhere in human history have the different been turned into the normal and neither medical science nor other rehabilitative [ways] or educational interventions can assist in this process .

Doing so requires great skill , and an integrated and wholly dedicated application of the techniques we know separately as physiotherapy , occupational therapy , educational psychology , speech therapy and teaching .
doing so requires great skill , and an integrated and wholly dedicated application of the [ways] we know separately as physiotherapy , occupational therapy , educational psychology , speech therapy and teaching .

It was only one of the staff 's repertoire of tasks and when necessary was exercised through a combination of ‘ orchestration ’ and ‘ supervision ’ , similar to techniques described by Bloor ( 1987 ) in his analysis of social control in a therapeutic community .
it was only one of the staff 's repertoire of tasks and when necessary was exercised through a combination of ‘ orchestration ’ and ‘ supervision ’ , similar to [ways] described by bloor ( 1987 ) in his analysis of social control in a therapeutic community .

Gradually Adam would discover where and how each woman liked to be touched , and he would change his techniques to suit her , then move on to something that she was n't expecting or had never experienced .
gradually adam would discover where and how each woman liked to be touched , and he would change his [ways] to suit her , then move on to something that she was n't expecting or had never experienced .

Large absolute size was in turn facilitated by improvements in financing and management techniques and developments in organisational structure .
large absolute size was in turn facilitated by improvements in financing and management [ways] and developments in organisational structure .

Society seeks to rectify the effects of this divergence of private and social interests by imposing limits or prohibitions on certain kinds of emissions or on the use of polluting processes ; other techniques , such as taxing the production of harmful wastes , are also available to force companies to ‘ internalise ’ the full costs of its activities .
society seeks to rectify the effects of this divergence of private and social interests by imposing limits or prohibitions on certain kinds of emissions or on the use of polluting processes ; other [ways] , such as taxing the production of harmful wastes , are also available to force companies to ‘ internalise ’ the full costs of its activities .

For example , whether or not a company should relocate its head office , creating unemployment and inflicting wide- ranging economic and social damage on the community from which it proposes to exit , is not an issue that is resolvable by conventional regulatory techniques .
for example , whether or not a company should relocate its head office , creating unemployment and inflicting wide- ranging economic and social damage on the community from which it proposes to exit , is not an issue that is resolvable by conventional regulatory [ways] .

The small size of these ‘ files ’ make such techniques applicable only to main storage tables ; in that sphere , they are very useful .
the small size of these ‘ files ’ make such [ways] applicable only to main storage tables ; in that sphere , they are very useful .

These two techniques , due to Maurer ( quadratic hashing ) and Bell ( quadratic quotient hashing ) , can be used to eliminate primary and secondary clustering of keys after division .
these two [ways] , due to maurer ( quadratic hashing ) and bell ( quadratic quotient hashing ) , can be used to eliminate primary and secondary clustering of keys after division .

These two techniques are primarily intended for use in table searching in main storage , and are only incidentally usable for direct files ; it is worth noting that they are intended to eliminate the order-preserving properties of division , while using division as a convenient randomizing algorithm .
these two [ways] are primarily intended for use in table searching in main storage , and are only incidentally usable for direct files ; it is worth noting that they are intended to eliminate the order-preserving properties of division , while using division as a convenient randomizing algorithm .

Although small files can not be used to analyse the way in which randomization techniques perform , they are useful to demonstrate the essential features of these techniques .
although small files can not be used to analyse the way in which randomization [ways] perform , they are useful to demonstrate the essential features of these [ways] .

Usually we would be satisfied with the results of one or other of the first two techniques .
usually we would be satisfied with the results of one or other of the first two [ways] .

1 , plotted against equivalent curves for the following techniques :
1 , plotted against equivalent curves for the following [ways] :

The very wide differences between the results achieved by different randomization techniques are shown in Table 6.2 and Fig .
the very wide differences between the results achieved by different randomization [ways] are shown in table 6.2 and fig .

This is usually termed dynamic hashing ; a particularly useful review of these techniques is given by Sachs-Davies et al .
this is usually termed dynamic hashing ; a particularly useful review of these [ways] is given by sachs-davies et al .

These results have been confirmed using simulation techniques , and are given in Table 6.5 ; they should be compared with Table 6.4 .
these results have been confirmed using simulation [ways] , and are given in table 6.5 ; they should be compared with table 6.4 .

The divergence between the two loading techniques depends on packing density , and for single record buckets it is almost 10 per cent — one record in ten — for an 85 per cent packed file .
the divergence between the two loading [ways] depends on packing density , and for single record buckets it is almost 10 per cent — one record in ten — for an 85 per cent packed file .

For that reason they are given in detail in Appendix 6 , The Effect of Synonym Storage Techniques on Search Times .
for that reason they are given in detail in appendix 6 , the effect of synonym storage [ways] on search times .

Comparing the techniques in practice
comparing the [ways] in practice

If records are stored in the next available position in the prime data area — the consecutive spill method — but a link field is provided from the home record or from the last synonym , this avoids unnecessary head movements and cuts down the search time required for the consecutive spill techniques .
if records are stored in the next available position in the prime data area — the consecutive spill method — but a link field is provided from the home record or from the last synonym , this avoids unnecessary head movements and cuts down the search time required for the consecutive spill [ways] .

Table 6.7 compares the additional times added to an average record seek due to consecutive spill ( for files using mid-square and division randomizing techniques ) , chained overflow in a separate area and chained overflow in the prime data area .
table 6.7 compares the additional times added to an average record seek due to consecutive spill ( for files using mid-square and division randomizing [ways] ) , chained overflow in a separate area and chained overflow in the prime data area .

Alternative indexing techniques
alternative indexing [ways]

When additions are expected , two techniques are used to store those additions so that they are available for both sequential and direct access .
when additions are expected , two [ways] are used to store those additions so that they are available for both sequential and direct access .

7.5 Addition techniques
7.5 addition [ways]

There are two commonly used techniques .
there are two commonly used [ways] .

Addition techniques compared in practice
addition [ways] compared in practice

3 Comparison of the two techniques
3 comparison of the two [ways]

This can be allocated by allowing a number of control intervals to remain entirely empty , by leaving space at the end of every control interval that contains data records , or by a combination of both techniques .
this can be allocated by allowing a number of control intervals to remain entirely empty , by leaving space at the end of every control interval that contains data records , or by a combination of both [ways] .

Improvements are offered by many software houses ; the designer will generally find that it pays to explore all possible optimization techniques for the manufacturers ' software before examining alternatives .
improvements are offered by many software houses ; the designer will generally find that it pays to explore all possible optimization [ways] for the manufacturers ' software before examining alternatives .

The file organization techniques used for multiple-key processing are discussed in this chapter , but chained and tree structures used in database systems are not .
the file organization [ways] used for multiple-key processing are discussed in this chapter , but chained and tree structures used in database systems are not .

Salton has reviewed the methods of handling information retrieval , while a number of authors have described specific techniques that offer advantages in particular situations .
salton has reviewed the methods of handling information retrieval , while a number of authors have described specific [ways] that offer advantages in particular situations .

In studying it , one has to explore the methods and techniques by which such restraints are established and maintained .
in studying it , one has to explore the methods and [ways] by which such restraints are established and maintained .

’ There exist a considerable number of such techniques or methods .
’ there exist a considerable number of such [ways] or methods .

Except in their occasional introductions , science textbooks do not describe the sorts of problems that the professional may be asked to solve and the variety of techniques available for their solution .
except in their occasional introductions , science textbooks do not describe the sorts of problems that the professional may be asked to solve and the variety of [ways] available for their solution .

’ Sukarno hoped to employ the same techniques as had broken Dutch resistance in New Guinea .
’ sukarno hoped to employ the same [ways] as had broken dutch resistance in new guinea .

Stance manifests itself in the adoption of certain approaches , methods or techniques : the experimental method of the scientist , the survey method of the sociologist , the close reading of the student of literature .
stance manifests itself in the adoption of certain approaches , methods or [ways] : the experimental method of the scientist , the survey method of the sociologist , the close reading of the student of literature .

The answers tend to emphasize products , product quality , design , manufacturing techniques , and after sales service , and to de-emphasise profit , turnover , market share , and acquisitions .
the answers tend to emphasize products , product quality , design , manufacturing [ways] , and after sales service , and to de-emphasise profit , turnover , market share , and acquisitions .

In this sense , their post-1980 labour relations initiatives are premised on an implicit understanding that flexibility in work organization is dependent upon worker commitment to company goals , rather than upon sophisticated control techniques ( Walton , 1985 : 78 ) .
in this sense , their post-1980 labour relations initiatives are premised on an implicit understanding that flexibility in work organization is dependent upon worker commitment to company goals , rather than upon sophisticated control [ways] ( walton , 1985 : 78 ) .

The movement offered four main techniques : three individual-job oriented , and one group oriented .
the movement offered four main [ways] : three individual-job oriented , and one group oriented .

These techniques were based on theories of human motivation related more or less closely to the work of Maslow ( 1943 ) .
these [ways] were based on theories of human motivation related more or less closely to the work of maslow ( 1943 ) .

The number of published accounts of these techniques , however , probably exceeded the number of practical applications ( Buchanan , 1979 ) .
the number of published accounts of these [ways] , however , probably exceeded the number of practical applications ( buchanan , 1979 ) .

These limited techniques were applied with limited success to limited organizational problems .
these limited [ways] were applied with limited success to limited organizational problems .

In this evolving climate , work redesign techniques are finding new expressions in new applications .
in this evolving climate , work redesign [ways] are finding new expressions in new applications .

They wanted to achieve a 40 % reduction in plant labour and overhead costs , 100 % quality from vendors , 100 % quality through customers ' processes , 25 % reduction in time to market , and 14 inventory turns per annum through ‘ just in time ’ techniques .
they wanted to achieve a 40 % reduction in plant labour and overhead costs , 100 % quality from vendors , 100 % quality through customers ' processes , 25 % reduction in time to market , and 14 inventory turns per annum through ‘ just in time ’ [ways] .

The other aspects of the package were fundamental to the successful development of a high-performance system , and distinguish this approach from previous applications of quality-of-working-life techniques .
the other aspects of the package were fundamental to the successful development of a high-performance system , and distinguish this approach from previous applications of quality-of-working-life [ways] .

environmental scanning , new techniques , new ideas ;
environmental scanning , new [ways] , new ideas ;

Assessment of training needs was carried out early , and training was thorough — covering job skills , problem-solving techniques and ‘ attitude training ’ in the concepts of high-performance organizational design .
assessment of training needs was carried out early , and training was thorough — covering job skills , problem-solving [ways] and ‘ attitude training ’ in the concepts of high-performance organizational design .

Comments expressed in the survey revealed that a return to traditional manufacturing techniques and management styles would not be welcomed .
comments expressed in the survey revealed that a return to traditional manufacturing [ways] and management styles would not be welcomed .

Clearly , it has its roots in , and has much in common with , the job enrichment and semi-autonomous group techniques of the previous two decades .
clearly , it has its roots in , and has much in common with , the job enrichment and semi-autonomous group [ways] of the previous two decades .

However , the key distinctions between quality-of-working-life techniques of the 1960s and 1970s , and the high-performance approach of the 1980s and 1990s , seems to include the following : The early quality-of-working-life techniques did not substantially increase worker control and have been criticized for making only cosmetic alterations to the experience of work , increasing discretion in superficial ways at best .
however , the key distinctions between quality-of-working-life [ways] of the 1960s and 1970s , and the high-performance approach of the 1980s and 1990s , seems to include the following : the early quality-of-working-life [ways] did not substantially increase worker control and have been criticized for making only cosmetic alterations to the experience of work , increasing discretion in superficial ways at best .

According to Rohlen ( 1973 ) , drawing on fieldwork in a Japanese bank , about a third of Japanese organizations give their employees ‘ spiritual training ’ , akin to techniques of religious con-version , therapy and initiation rites , which emphasize social co-operation , responsibility , reality acceptance and perseverance in one 's tasks .
according to rohlen ( 1973 ) , drawing on fieldwork in a japanese bank , about a third of japanese organizations give their employees ‘ spiritual training ’ , akin to [ways] of religious con-version , therapy and initiation rites , which emphasize social co-operation , responsibility , reality acceptance and perseverance in one 's tasks .

In such a situation the head office 's necessary lack of insight into the dynamics of the individual businesses is compounded by its over-reliance on the major formally rational means of control over local management and assessment of business prospects — that is , dependence upon financial calculations and accounting techniques premised on the divisional form .
in such a situation the head office 's necessary lack of insight into the dynamics of the individual businesses is compounded by its over-reliance on the major formally rational means of control over local management and assessment of business prospects — that is , dependence upon financial calculations and accounting [ways] premised on the divisional form .

Even more insidious , perhaps , is the rapid acceptance of capital-budgeting techniques , which involve discounting calculations for assessing strategic investments .
even more insidious , perhaps , is the rapid acceptance of capital-budgeting [ways] , which involve discounting calculations for assessing strategic investments .

Planning and communication can take place through abstracted techniques of management control but it is by no means clear that the technical reason implicit in the use of these techniques serves to substitute for more substantively based judgements and planning .
planning and communication can take place through abstracted [ways] of management control but it is by no means clear that the technical reason implicit in the use of these [ways] serves to substitute for more substantively based judgements and planning .

Knowledge of the business is more rooted in substantive criteria of operational intimacy rather than merely rational techniques .
knowledge of the business is more rooted in substantive criteria of operational intimacy rather than merely rational [ways] .

In order to reconstruct these lives , the techniques of ethnography are used .
in order to reconstruct these lives , the [ways] of ethnography are used .

Forty suggests that the attraction of the neo-classical , which emerged from a somewhat wider range as the most successful of Wedgewood 's styles , was that it provided an acceptable facade for the introduction of the advances being made by ceramic science , the most modern techniques thereby being employed in the improvement of reproductions , a tension in commercial styling which has been strongly asserted ever since .
forty suggests that the attraction of the neo-classical , which emerged from a somewhat wider range as the most successful of wedgewood 's styles , was that it provided an acceptable facade for the introduction of the advances being made by ceramic science , the most modern [ways] thereby being employed in the improvement of reproductions , a tension in commercial styling which has been strongly asserted ever since .

The development of transport and communications techniques enables corporations to plan their production on a worldwide basis .
the development of transport and communications [ways] enables corporations to plan their production on a worldwide basis .

Special Materials The development of this system was complemented by the development of analytical techniques for evaluating weapon systems and other alternative defence strategies .
special materials the development of this system was complemented by the development of analytical [ways] for evaluating weapon systems and other alternative defence strategies .

Techniques of Investment Appraisal
[ways] of investment appraisal

Currently much effort is being directed at understanding the organizational processes of questioning and debate which such audits should stimulate rather than seeing the problem in terms of administrative techniques alone .
currently much effort is being directed at understanding the organizational processes of questioning and debate which such audits should stimulate rather than seeing the problem in terms of administrative [ways] alone .

Chapter 4 briefly reviewed various management techniques that have been tried and then abandoned by government .
chapter 4 briefly reviewed various management [ways] that have been tried and then abandoned by government .

( Holt , 1988 ) These nine examples drawn from a vast literature illustrate many of the key issues of innovation : the importance of observant people , the value of experience , the linking of different technologies to turn failure into success , the need for perseverance , the contribution of group problem solving techniques , the potential for opening up a wide range of opportunities and for changing , even destroying , existing organizational and market structures .
( holt , 1988 ) these nine examples drawn from a vast literature illustrate many of the key issues of innovation : the importance of observant people , the value of experience , the linking of different technologies to turn failure into success , the need for perseverance , the contribution of group problem solving [ways] , the potential for opening up a wide range of opportunities and for changing , even destroying , existing organizational and market structures .

It raises important questions about issues such as clarity of objectives , coordination and commitment , roles in teams , the value of planning techniques and of milestone monitoring .
it raises important questions about issues such as clarity of objectives , coordination and commitment , roles in teams , the value of planning [ways] and of milestone monitoring .

Careful analysis of speeches , reports , autobiographies , and interviews using techniques of textual analysis ( Kets de Vries and Miller , 1987 ) should reveal similarities and differences in ‘ representation ’ technique across styles .
careful analysis of speeches , reports , autobiographies , and interviews using [ways] of textual analysis ( kets de vries and miller , 1987 ) should reveal similarities and differences in ‘ representation ’ technique across styles .

They have had to come to terms with computer print-outs , data sheets , the use of electronic equipment , and biological sampling techniques .
they have had to come to terms with computer print-outs , data sheets , the use of electronic equipment , and biological sampling [ways] .

He must , in particular , be familiar with the science of water treatment and purification processes , and well acquainted with manufacturing and agricultural techniques in order to understand local industrial and farming problems .
he must , in particular , be familiar with the science of water treatment and purification processes , and well acquainted with manufacturing and agricultural [ways] in order to understand local industrial and farming problems .

Taking enforcement action requires in the first place techniques to bring deviance to light .
taking enforcement action requires in the first place [ways] to bring deviance to light .

There are three techniques which amount to working rules for the more efficient discovery of pollution .
there are three [ways] which amount to working rules for the more efficient discovery of pollution .

For this reason time is devoted to monitoring of a much more focused and patterned kind in which officers employ techniques to predict the sources of pollution , actual or potential .
for this reason time is devoted to monitoring of a much more focused and patterned kind in which officers employ [ways] to predict the sources of pollution , actual or potential .

Zero-based budgeting , cost-benefit analysis , management by objectives — the application of management techniques which demand the assessment of highly operationalised programme goals as a guide to financial allocations ;
zero-based budgeting , cost-benefit analysis , management by objectives — the application of management [ways] which demand the assessment of highly operationalised programme goals as a guide to financial allocations ;

Because of the success of The Making of the English Landscape people who had no interest in the countryside have read the book and been inspired by it But others have used the book and particularly this chapter as an authoritative statement that most hedges are modern and thus do not constitute a serious loss if they are removed to accommodate modern agricultural techniques .
because of the success of the making of the english landscape people who had no interest in the countryside have read the book and been inspired by it but others have used the book and particularly this chapter as an authoritative statement that most hedges are modern and thus do not constitute a serious loss if they are removed to accommodate modern agricultural [ways] .

In the seventeenth century there were considerable improvements in livestock management , land drainage techniques , crop rotation and , most important of all , convertible husbandry .
in the seventeenth century there were considerable improvements in livestock management , land drainage [ways] , crop rotation and , most important of all , convertible husbandry .

Even where open fields remained , the methods of operation were radically changed to accommodate these new techniques , but the advantages of convertible husbandry were clearly greatest for those farmers with enclosed fields .
even where open fields remained , the methods of operation were radically changed to accommodate these new [ways] , but the advantages of convertible husbandry were clearly greatest for those farmers with enclosed fields .

Thousands of miles of Midland and East Anglian hedges have been ripped out in the last thirty years or so to accommodate the new agricultural demands and techniques .
thousands of miles of midland and east anglian hedges have been ripped out in the last thirty years or so to accommodate the new agricultural demands and [ways] .

Nevertheless they are constrained from deploying the usual wind-up techniques by their overriding concern to justify their actions and attitudes to someone who disapproved of them but whom they perceived to be in a position to influence their situation for better or worse .
nevertheless they are constrained from deploying the usual wind-up [ways] by their overriding concern to justify their actions and attitudes to someone who disapproved of them but whom they perceived to be in a position to influence their situation for better or worse .

The development of computer-based design techniques has been , until now , on a piecemeal basis following the specific needs of the developing group or supporting company .
the development of computer-based design [ways] has been , until now , on a piecemeal basis following the specific needs of the developing group or supporting company .

If then the existing techniques ( or available programs ) are categorized under the three main design phases , their role within the overall design process becomes apparent .
if then the existing [ways] ( or available programs ) are categorized under the three main design phases , their role within the overall design process becomes apparent .

The techniques employed for the geometric representation of three-dimensional bodies vary , as do the methods of storing and retrieving the data .
the [ways] employed for the geometric representation of three-dimensional bodies vary , as do the methods of storing and retrieving the data .

This is the area where the greatest benefit could occur , but the effort necessary to develop the techniques may be enormous .
this is the area where the greatest benefit could occur , but the effort necessary to develop the [ways] may be enormous .

By their very nature , overconstrained design situations lead to the development of analytical techniques to solve them .
by their very nature , overconstrained design situations lead to the development of analytical [ways] to solve them .

Development is , in the main , centred around the information and techniques currently available within the data base .
development is , in the main , centred around the information and [ways] currently available within the data base .

Materials and techniques are chosen to give the required function and a recognizable market style .
materials and [ways] are chosen to give the required function and a recognizable market style .

Difficulties arise with such techniques when it is necessary to choose both the objectives and constraint forms for a design condition that contains a large number of conflicting requirements .
difficulties arise with such [ways] when it is necessary to choose both the objectives and constraint forms for a design condition that contains a large number of conflicting requirements .

However , once written , this technique requires less computing time and less designer time than comparable techniques .
however , once written , this technique requires less computing time and less designer time than comparable [ways] .

Three programs illustrating these techniques were written for use on a microcomputer .
three programs illustrating these [ways] were written for use on a microcomputer .

Questions were asked after each problem , and at the completion of the task , to obtain the following objective information : 1 ) the ease of use of each program , 2 ) the insight gained from using each technique , 3 ) the aid given by each technique in attaining a solution , 4 ) the user preference , and dislike , for the techniques , 5 ) the technique thought to be most capable of giving insight , 6 ) the technique thought to be most capable of giving the best design , and 7 ) the subject 's engineering and computing background , and knowledge of the polar second moment of area ; this being the sectional properties of a component that allows the shearing stresses to be deduced from the applied torque .
questions were asked after each problem , and at the completion of the task , to obtain the following objective information : 1 ) the ease of use of each program , 2 ) the insight gained from using each technique , 3 ) the aid given by each technique in attaining a solution , 4 ) the user preference , and dislike , for the [ways] , 5 ) the technique thought to be most capable of giving insight , 6 ) the technique thought to be most capable of giving the best design , and 7 ) the subject 's engineering and computing background , and knowledge of the polar second moment of area ; this being the sectional properties of a component that allows the shearing stresses to be deduced from the applied torque .

This is a natural consequence of machine tool design in which metal removal operations are performed by the application of discrete surface generation techniques .
this is a natural consequence of machine tool design in which metal removal operations are performed by the application of discrete surface generation [ways] .

Such techniques provide both a role-playing and control procedure which can be used to reduce the uncertainty of the proposed design .
such [ways] provide both a role-playing and control procedure which can be used to reduce the uncertainty of the proposed design .

The designer must therefore learn the techniques of handling space , rather than just drawing components by two-dimensional representations .
the designer must therefore learn the [ways] of handling space , rather than just drawing components by two-dimensional representations .

That is to say , that differing modelling techniques may be required at differing stages of the design .
that is to say , that differing modelling [ways] may be required at differing stages of the design .

Such techniques can be applied to establish clash and function for a wide range of engineering assembly problems .
such [ways] can be applied to establish clash and function for a wide range of engineering assembly problems .

Techniques have now been developed ( see Chapter 7 ) and , by employing the interference detection techniques discussed earlier , they can be used to help detect clash of a moving mechanism during operation .
[ways] have now been developed ( see chapter 7 ) and , by employing the interference detection [ways] discussed earlier , they can be used to help detect clash of a moving mechanism during operation .

They promote a `` traditional `` approach to design problem solving , centred around analytical techniques which are directed towards reducing the number of alternatives that can be considered viable .
they promote a `` traditional `` approach to design problem solving , centred around analytical [ways] which are directed towards reducing the number of alternatives that can be considered viable .

It is only on large research machines that it is possible to perform various geometric and surface mapping techniques that can be used to handle general complex objects .
it is only on large research machines that it is possible to perform various geometric and surface mapping [ways] that can be used to handle general complex objects .

Such techniques are difficult to apply to real engineering components and must , considering the large number of complex geometric calculations involved , be expensive and time consuming .
such [ways] are difficult to apply to real engineering components and must , considering the large number of complex geometric calculations involved , be expensive and time consuming .

However , relatively little work has been put into the development of design techniques for mechanisms , and what there has been has mostly taken the form of analysing specified mechanism trains to obtain their motion throughout the operating cycle .
however , relatively little work has been put into the development of design [ways] for mechanisms , and what there has been has mostly taken the form of analysing specified mechanism trains to obtain their motion throughout the operating cycle .

Being broad-based space-handling techniques , they can be applied equally well to even a complex hybrid solution .
being broad-based space-handling [ways] , they can be applied equally well to even a complex hybrid solution .

Whilst these techniques are still in their early stages of development , the programs are being designed to allow them to be applied in accordance with general design-office practice in the following manner .
whilst these [ways] are still in their early stages of development , the programs are being designed to allow them to be applied in accordance with general design-office practice in the following manner .

Here , the two procedures provide different approaches to any mechanism attitude change , and this results in quite different techniques being applied in order to preserve the integrity of the assembly .
here , the two procedures provide different approaches to any mechanism attitude change , and this results in quite different [ways] being applied in order to preserve the integrity of the assembly .

Considerable effort was spent first on locating the appropriate soap powder and the pharmaceutical glycerine , and then on experimenting with proportionate mixtures and blowing techniques for producing the strongest bubbles .
considerable effort was spent first on locating the appropriate soap powder and the pharmaceutical glycerine , and then on experimenting with proportionate mixtures and blowing [ways] for producing the strongest bubbles .

The dalang is the supreme shaman of the community , and requires rigorous yogic training in breathing , fasting and energy-conservation techniques , as well as in languages and mythology .
the dalang is the supreme shaman of the community , and requires rigorous yogic training in breathing , fasting and energy-conservation [ways] , as well as in languages and mythology .

It all developed from techniques — routine methods of doing the basic fundamentals so that they became automatic .
it all developed from [ways] — routine methods of doing the basic fundamentals so that they became automatic .

Techniques are routine and detailed methods of carrying out specific tasks fast .
[ways] are routine and detailed methods of carrying out specific tasks fast .

Techniques , he said , need repeated practice .
[ways] , he said , need repeated practice .

The racing motorist , the concert pianist , the wood-carver , the learner preparing for a driving test — all need to learn techniques and to accomplish them fast .
the racing motorist , the concert pianist , the wood-carver , the learner preparing for a driving test — all need to learn [ways] and to accomplish them fast .

Studying , writing an exam , playing for the University , speaking in a debate , writing notes , achieving spare time for leisure — all need techniques so that time is not wasted .
studying , writing an exam , playing for the university , speaking in a debate , writing notes , achieving spare time for leisure — all need [ways] so that time is not wasted .

Basic Techniques
basic [ways]

Communication of related ideas must flow on lines of proved techniques ; there must be adequate links between the constituent parts .
communication of related ideas must flow on lines of proved [ways] ; there must be adequate links between the constituent parts .

Develop their techniques ; use every means to cut down the time used up .
develop their [ways] ; use every means to cut down the time used up .

Practise techniques . ``
practise [ways] . ``

We have decided to keep away from a theoretical treatment in this chapter and simply to give you well-tried practical techniques that have been found to work .
we have decided to keep away from a theoretical treatment in this chapter and simply to give you well-tried practical [ways] that have been found to work .

The Techniques of Study
the [ways] of study

Your study will be effective only if you are prepared to apply intelligently to your work certain well-known techniques , most of which have been used successfully from time immemorial .
your study will be effective only if you are prepared to apply intelligently to your work certain well-known [ways] , most of which have been used successfully from time immemorial .

However a word of warning : good as these books are for giving you techniques to help you remember strings of unrelated facts , numbers or words , they do not in any way show you how to train your memory to remember other facts in a different context .
however a word of warning : good as these books are for giving you [ways] to help you remember strings of unrelated facts , numbers or words , they do not in any way show you how to train your memory to remember other facts in a different context .

Because the method is so useful — not only in this connection but also for other memory techniques — many years ago we committed to memory our own personal hooks for each number from 1 — 100 .
because the method is so useful — not only in this connection but also for other memory [ways] — many years ago we committed to memory our own personal hooks for each number from 1 — 100 .

Another way of making associative links is by using the heading and sub-heading techniques of chapter 4 , and especially by drawing the pattern diagram showing relationships between the facets of an aspect of study .
another way of making associative links is by using the heading and sub-heading [ways] of chapter 4 , and especially by drawing the pattern diagram showing relationships between the facets of an aspect of study .

The techniques can be adapted for use in your studies to great effect .
the [ways] can be adapted for use in your studies to great effect .

In dealing with the techniques of studying , memory has been treated first , for without memory all study would be in vain .
in dealing with the [ways] of studying , memory has been treated first , for without memory all study would be in vain .

Assuming , then , that your memory of the principal facts of your subject , so far as you have studied it , is proving adequate , how can you improve the results of study by further techniques ?
assuming , then , that your memory of the principal facts of your subject , so far as you have studied it , is proving adequate , how can you improve the results of study by further [ways] ?

With real concentration and with conscious techniques , carefully followed , you can free many more hours for the activity of educating yourself in the wide ambit of a college life — social , intellectual , argumentative and sportive — and so grow in personality .
with real concentration and with conscious [ways] , carefully followed , you can free many more hours for the activity of educating yourself in the wide ambit of a college life — social , intellectual , argumentative and sportive — and so grow in personality .

If there is one established fact about the techniques of learning , which has been proved beyond all possible doubt , it is that what you have studied decays rapidly from the memory unless it is frequently reviewed .
if there is one established fact about the [ways] of learning , which has been proved beyond all possible doubt , it is that what you have studied decays rapidly from the memory unless it is frequently reviewed .

What techniques will distil from the words the essence of what the author is trying to say ?
what [ways] will distil from the words the essence of what the author is trying to say ?

In developing study techniques it is difficult to produce anything approaching activity .
in developing study [ways] it is difficult to produce anything approaching activity .

Marking texts and comparing one textbook with another are active techniques , and in study it is active techniques that produce the desired results .
marking texts and comparing one textbook with another are active [ways] , and in study it is active [ways] that produce the desired results .

You may not be applying the techniques necessary to take advantage of this opportunity of obtaining wisdom as well as information .
you may not be applying the [ways] necessary to take advantage of this opportunity of obtaining wisdom as well as information .

In such circumstances , knowledge of the techniques described in this chapter is of even greater importance to you , if you are to succeed in extracting value from lectures , and still have adequate time for private study .
in such circumstances , knowledge of the [ways] described in this chapter is of even greater importance to you , if you are to succeed in extracting value from lectures , and still have adequate time for private study .

The greater the number of lectures you must attend , the tighter and more automatic must be your techniques , or else you will find after a week or two that you have only a mass of undigested scribbles as the poor product of the many lectures you have attended .
the greater the number of lectures you must attend , the tighter and more automatic must be your [ways] , or else you will find after a week or two that you have only a mass of undigested scribbles as the poor product of the many lectures you have attended .

Unfortunately , students are given little instruction on the techniques of making notes .
unfortunately , students are given little instruction on the [ways] of making notes .

If your notes are not carefully made , with attention to the techniques that we propose , your knowledge will be unorganised and to that extent ineffective .
if your notes are not carefully made , with attention to the [ways] that we propose , your knowledge will be unorganised and to that extent ineffective .

You may well require a pile of paper about a foot high , because the techniques employed require wide margins and much blank space .
you may well require a pile of paper about a foot high , because the [ways] employed require wide margins and much blank space .

Although the principles of classification and storage are straightforward , the mechanics and techniques can be complicated by the sheer volume of material to be dealt with .
although the principles of classification and storage are straightforward , the mechanics and [ways] can be complicated by the sheer volume of material to be dealt with .

In order to teach by example , the techniques of writing reports have been presented in the rest of this chapter by compiling a Report on Writing Reports .
in order to teach by example , the [ways] of writing reports have been presented in the rest of this chapter by compiling a report on writing reports .

With these points in mind , turn now to the Title page and the Introductory presentation and note how these are expanded by techniques presented in the Sections of the report , leading to the Conclusions and the Recommendations .
with these points in mind , turn now to the title page and the introductory presentation and note how these are expanded by [ways] presented in the sections of the report , leading to the conclusions and the recommendations .

The findings should assist Mr and Ms Reader to become familiar with the craft and to be able to recognise and practise the techniques required in the preparation of a report .
the findings should assist mr and ms reader to become familiar with the craft and to be able to recognise and practise the [ways] required in the preparation of a report .

Some of the requirements may be unnecessary but we urge you to adopt the suggested techniques wherever possible to give you the practice that is needed before you can become a competent report writer .
some of the requirements may be unnecessary but we urge you to adopt the suggested [ways] wherever possible to give you the practice that is needed before you can become a competent report writer .

Techniques Are of Vital Importance
[ways] are of vital importance

Most failures in examinations are due not to a deficiency of knowledge but chiefly to lack of familiarity with the techniques of playing the examination game .
most failures in examinations are due not to a deficiency of knowledge but chiefly to lack of familiarity with the [ways] of playing the examination game .

The message is clear — examination techniques are of vital importance .
the message is clear — examination [ways] are of vital importance .

Techniques " at the Bell "
[ways] " at the bell "

The earlier chapters on the techniques of study should be your mainstay up to this point .
the earlier chapters on the [ways] of study should be your mainstay up to this point .

There are techniques of study during the year , techniques `` at the bell `` and techniques on E-days .
there are [ways] of study during the year , [ways] `` at the bell `` and [ways] on e-days .

The more these techniques are made to be routine and intuitive , the greater your chance of being ahead in the last sprint .
the more these [ways] are made to be routine and intuitive , the greater your chance of being ahead in the last sprint .

Techniques " at the bell " are four ( 1 ) living with the headlines and main outlines of your subject by the use of swot cards ; ( 2 ) rehearsing old papers ( or papers concocted from textbook examples ) under examination conditions , with the deliberate aim of making these conditions so familiar that you will be at ease — with the " this-is-old-hat-to-me " feeling in the examination room ; ( 3 ) listening with a much more critical ear to your tutor and to the lecturer — especially if he is also the examiner ;
[ways] " at the bell " are four ( 1 ) living with the headlines and main outlines of your subject by the use of swot cards ; ( 2 ) rehearsing old papers ( or papers concocted from textbook examples ) under examination conditions , with the deliberate aim of making these conditions so familiar that you will be at ease — with the " this-is-old-hat-to-me " feeling in the examination room ; ( 3 ) listening with a much more critical ear to your tutor and to the lecturer — especially if he is also the examiner ;

The pianist due to play a concerto in public spends many hours in practising the techniques of using his instrument that the piece requires .
the pianist due to play a concerto in public spends many hours in practising the [ways] of using his instrument that the piece requires .

The student taking a written examination , however , very often has only the most rudimentary knowledge of the skills necessary in writing down his thoughts rapidly and accurately and in mastering the subtle techniques of being a successful examinee — techniques that have no connection at all with the amount of knowledge he may possess .
the student taking a written examination , however , very often has only the most rudimentary knowledge of the skills necessary in writing down his thoughts rapidly and accurately and in mastering the subtle [ways] of being a successful examinee — [ways] that have no connection at all with the amount of knowledge he may possess .

The basic physical aids to good examination techniques are the following
the basic physical aids to good examination [ways] are the following

E-day Techniques
e-day [ways]

The increased emphasis on techniques in this chapter has been deliberate .
the increased emphasis on [ways] in this chapter has been deliberate .

Most college failures stem from utter ignorance of the techniques of study and of being examined .
most college failures stem from utter ignorance of the [ways] of study and of being examined .

What topples the majority of candidates is lack of practised techniques .
what topples the majority of candidates is lack of practised [ways] .

Do n't waste your chances by an amateur approach to examinations : be a professional , whose professional life depends on techniques studied , argued about and practised .
do n't waste your chances by an amateur approach to examinations : be a professional , whose professional life depends on [ways] studied , argued about and practised .

You do n't work for examinations , but to understand the subject thoroughly ; success in examinations is a by-product of knowledge and techniques , and the techniques are extremely important .
you do n't work for examinations , but to understand the subject thoroughly ; success in examinations is a by-product of knowledge and [ways] , and the [ways] are extremely important .

By then , the techniques of study should have soaked you in the subjects you are studying .
by then , the [ways] of study should have soaked you in the subjects you are studying .

Choose a part of one of your subjects and write a swot card ( see the section on Techniques `` at the bell `` ) of postcard or index-card size .
choose a part of one of your subjects and write a swot card ( see the section on [ways] `` at the bell `` ) of postcard or index-card size .

College is the best place to learn the techniques of committee work .
college is the best place to learn the [ways] of committee work .

This may sound a magnificent position but , in fact , much better personal experience of the techniques of running a committee meeting can be obtained at the lower levels , because you will have more personal involvement .
this may sound a magnificent position but , in fact , much better personal experience of the [ways] of running a committee meeting can be obtained at the lower levels , because you will have more personal involvement .

Uniquely , the huge eye of the squid combines these two techniques .
uniquely , the huge eye of the squid combines these two [ways] .

Planting in pots and other containers calls for simple though necessary techniques to get good results , and these vary a little depending on whether the container is clay ( or stone ) , or plastic of some kind , and on which type of compost is being used .
planting in pots and other containers calls for simple though necessary [ways] to get good results , and these vary a little depending on whether the container is clay ( or stone ) , or plastic of some kind , and on which type of compost is being used .

No attempt is made here to provide a comprehensive survey of the literature ; the intention rather is to introduce the basic experimental techniques and to summarise some of the principal findings and theoretical issues .
no attempt is made here to provide a comprehensive survey of the literature ; the intention rather is to introduce the basic experimental [ways] and to summarise some of the principal findings and theoretical issues .

One of the techniques now employed in many laboratories to assess differences in function between the two halves of the brain entails simultaneous presentation of competing information to the left and right ears .
one of the [ways] now employed in many laboratories to assess differences in function between the two halves of the brain entails simultaneous presentation of competing information to the left and right ears .

Despite the fact that dichotic listening techniques have often been adopted without proper validation , findings which show a difference in the direction and/or magnitude of ear asymmetry between groups of right and left ( or non-right ) handed subjects have been taken as indicating a difference in direction or magnitude of cerebral lateralisation .
despite the fact that dichotic listening [ways] have often been adopted without proper validation , findings which show a difference in the direction and/or magnitude of ear asymmetry between groups of right and left ( or non-right ) handed subjects have been taken as indicating a difference in direction or magnitude of cerebral lateralisation .

Tachistoscopic and dichotic techniques have been employed in laterality studies for about two decades while the other methods described above were devised more recently .
tachistoscopic and dichotic [ways] have been employed in laterality studies for about two decades while the other methods described above were devised more recently .

This chapter reviewed techniques devised for investigating cerebral functional asymmetry in neurologically intact subjects .
this chapter reviewed [ways] devised for investigating cerebral functional asymmetry in neurologically intact subjects .

Results using these techniques are in broad agreement with those of the split-brain studies and with findings obtained from patients with unilateral cerebral lesions .
results using these [ways] are in broad agreement with those of the split-brain studies and with findings obtained from patients with unilateral cerebral lesions .

More recently , other techniques have been devised which allow estimates to be made as to the hemisphere responsible for speech .
more recently , other [ways] have been devised which allow estimates to be made as to the hemisphere responsible for speech .

Some of these techniques are for use specifically with patients having , or suspected of having , some kind of damage to the brain .
some of these [ways] are for use specifically with patients having , or suspected of having , some kind of damage to the brain .

All of these techniques can be used to explore the relation between handedness and hemispheric specialisation for language .
all of these [ways] can be used to explore the relation between handedness and hemispheric specialisation for language .

Yet despite the development of the newer techniques for estimating speech dominance , the precise relation which left-handedness bears to the lateralisation of language is still not clear .
yet despite the development of the newer [ways] for estimating speech dominance , the precise relation which left-handedness bears to the lateralisation of language is still not clear .

During the past decade or so a number of investigators have used electrophysiological techniques to study hemispheric specialisation of function , usually in right handers .
during the past decade or so a number of investigators have used electrophysiological [ways] to study hemispheric specialisation of function , usually in right handers .

The techniques used with normal subjects give estimates that do not closely correspond to those derived from the clinical literature .
the [ways] used with normal subjects give estimates that do not closely correspond to those derived from the clinical literature .

Studies using the tachistoscopic ( Moore , 1976 ) , dichotic listening ( Curry and Gregory , 1969 ; Brady and Berson , 1975 ; Rosenfield and Goodglass , 1980 ) and electroencephalographic ( Moore and Lang , 1977 ) techniques have sometimes , but not always ( Slorach and Noehr 1973 ; Pinsky and McAdam , 1980 ) , suggested that a greater proportion of stutterers than controls have some language processes lateralised in the right hemisphere .
studies using the tachistoscopic ( moore , 1976 ) , dichotic listening ( curry and gregory , 1969 ; brady and berson , 1975 ; rosenfield and goodglass , 1980 ) and electroencephalographic ( moore and lang , 1977 ) [ways] have sometimes , but not always ( slorach and noehr 1973 ; pinsky and mcadam , 1980 ) , suggested that a greater proportion of stutterers than controls have some language processes lateralised in the right hemisphere .

The tachistoscopic and dichotic listening techniques lack reliability and , by and large , have not been adequately validated against other criteria .
the tachistoscopic and dichotic listening [ways] lack reliability and , by and large , have not been adequately validated against other criteria .

What techniques might work ?
what [ways] might work ?

This section looks at the range of techniques you can choose from before we move on in the next chapter to examine different ways video can be related to the rest of the language programme .
this section looks at the range of [ways] you can choose from before we move on in the next chapter to examine different ways video can be related to the rest of the language programme .

You can of course treat different sections in different ways , using a variety of techniques .
you can of course treat different sections in different ways , using a variety of [ways] .

In this treatment a variety of techniques is used to elicit the language learners already know before they reach the `` View , Listen and Compare `` stage .
in this treatment a variety of [ways] is used to elicit the language learners already know before they reach the `` view , listen and compare `` stage .

The course Its Your Turn To Speak uses laboratory drill techniques , with gaps left for the student to supply parts of the dialogue .
the course its your turn to speak uses laboratory drill [ways] , with gaps left for the student to supply parts of the dialogue .

Comprehension is involved when we look at video and so the techniques for developing and checking comprehension with audio or print are equally valid for video .
comprehension is involved when we look at video and so the [ways] for developing and checking comprehension with audio or print are equally valid for video .

Television English also applies classroom techniques to off-air material .
television english also applies classroom [ways] to off-air material .

One way of analysing video programmes is to look at the film techniques employed : editing decisions , camera angles , the way images are juxtaposed all have an effect on the viewer , who is often unaware of it .
one way of analysing video programmes is to look at the film [ways] employed : editing decisions , camera angles , the way images are juxtaposed all have an effect on the viewer , who is often unaware of it .

Of course the situation is not the same and the techniques you use with a five-minute sequence in the classroom obviously would n't work with a sixty-minute film .
of course the situation is not the same and the [ways] you use with a five-minute sequence in the classroom obviously would n't work with a sixty-minute film .

But it might help your learners if they used some of your techniques for the first five or ten minutes of viewing .
but it might help your learners if they used some of your [ways] for the first five or ten minutes of viewing .

Talk to them about it and make sure that they understand the purpose of techniques like silent viewing and prediction .
talk to them about it and make sure that they understand the purpose of [ways] like silent viewing and prediction .

The techniques will depend on the materials , the kind of learners you have and the kinds of task they are accustomed to doing .
the [ways] will depend on the materials , the kind of learners you have and the kinds of task they are accustomed to doing .

Beware however of overdoing new techniques — you do n't have to show everything silently every time , even though it is an exciting technique to use with some video in some classes .
beware however of overdoing new [ways] — you do n't have to show everything silently every time , even though it is an exciting technique to use with some video in some classes .

( 2 ) Skimming and Sampling Techniques Read the pages very quickly .
( 2 ) skimming and sampling [ways] read the pages very quickly .

Develop habits and techniques which make your notes clear and interesting .
develop habits and [ways] which make your notes clear and interesting .

" Candidates do need firmer guidance and practice in examination techniques as fundamental as reading carefully the examination questions , noting the emphasis given by the wording generally to any particular word or phrase and deciding what particular response the question invites , so that a more discerning and discriminating attitude may be adopted to shaping the material to hand to meet the needs of specific questions . "
" candidates do need firmer guidance and practice in examination [ways] as fundamental as reading carefully the examination questions , noting the emphasis given by the wording generally to any particular word or phrase and deciding what particular response the question invites , so that a more discerning and discriminating attitude may be adopted to shaping the material to hand to meet the needs of specific questions . "

As well as being taught the basic techniques of childcare , some girls may also need to learn how to give and take love , if they have come from environments in which they experienced very little love and affection .
as well as being taught the basic [ways] of childcare , some girls may also need to learn how to give and take love , if they have come from environments in which they experienced very little love and affection .

In doing this the government was employing techniques perfected from the sixteenth century onwards in the expansion of the Muscovite state towards the Black Sea and the Volga basin .
in doing this the government was employing [ways] perfected from the sixteenth century onwards in the expansion of the muscovite state towards the black sea and the volga basin .

Nevertheless , even if their cosmology , like that of all religions , was expressed in fantastic terms , the Siberian natives , like the ‘ primitive ’ peoples of any land , had a rational enough view of the world which surrounded them , in addition to a wealth of practical knowledge about the forest and its fauna , and about crafts and hunting techniques .
nevertheless , even if their cosmology , like that of all religions , was expressed in fantastic terms , the siberian natives , like the ‘ primitive ’ peoples of any land , had a rational enough view of the world which surrounded them , in addition to a wealth of practical knowledge about the forest and its fauna , and about crafts and hunting [ways] .

Some fishkeepers still prefer this ‘ natural ’ way over more modern techniques .
some fishkeepers still prefer this ‘ natural ’ way over more modern [ways] .

Because of more elaborate film-printing techniques and finer-grained film stocks , board or even canvas may be used instead of glass and a black or white silhouette substituted for the clear glass area — though glass still provides a uniquely flat , untextured and rigid surface .
because of more elaborate film-printing [ways] and finer-grained film stocks , board or even canvas may be used instead of glass and a black or white silhouette substituted for the clear glass area — though glass still provides a uniquely flat , untextured and rigid surface .

Kubrick , who was personally in charge of special photographic effects as well as of the film overall ( similarly Hyams was , unusually , director of photography on his own movie ) , deliberately chose old-fashioned in-camera techniques where they would work .
kubrick , who was personally in charge of special photographic effects as well as of the film overall ( similarly hyams was , unusually , director of photography on his own movie ) , deliberately chose old-fashioned in-camera [ways] where they would work .

During their visits to the hospital and jail , the youth receive training in coping skills , communication and decision-making , peer teaching techniques , and analysis of media and social policies that influence consumption , such as New Mexico 's drive-up liquor windows .
during their visits to the hospital and jail , the youth receive training in coping skills , communication and decision-making , peer teaching [ways] , and analysis of media and social policies that influence consumption , such as new mexico 's drive-up liquor windows .

Just as scientists have developed special techniques for overcoming bias and artifact , such as the ‘ double blind ’ procedure , so would policemen have to invent concrete measures to overcome the problems they meet .
just as scientists have developed special [ways] for overcoming bias and artifact , such as the ‘ double blind ’ procedure , so would policemen have to invent concrete measures to overcome the problems they meet .

In the course of their work the professional-managerial class develop techniques to control the working class .
in the course of their work the professional-managerial class develop [ways] to control the working class .

This has implications for advanced training of students in techniques relevant to modern industrial processes , it severely limits the ability of lecturing staff to be fully up to date with new technologies and it limits the ability to provide ‘ state-of-the-art ’ technology and training at tertiary level for both indigenous and multinational companies .
this has implications for advanced training of students in [ways] relevant to modern industrial processes , it severely limits the ability of lecturing staff to be fully up to date with new technologies and it limits the ability to provide ‘ state-of-the-art ’ technology and training at tertiary level for both indigenous and multinational companies .

Cellular transplantation can be performed either pre- or postnatally , the techniques are straightforward , cell scan be manipulated in culture , and there is the possibility of extended storage by cryopreservation .
cellular transplantation can be performed either pre- or postnatally , the [ways] are straightforward , cell scan be manipulated in culture , and there is the possibility of extended storage by cryopreservation .

The past forty years have been technically foreshortened by a succession of powerful techniques for unravelling the behaviour of seemingly complicated macromolecules .
the past forty years have been technically foreshortened by a succession of powerful [ways] for unravelling the behaviour of seemingly complicated macromolecules .

Whatever the resolution of these problems , Allen and Burton 's observations show that many surprises are in store as modern observational techniques enable us to probe into hitherto unexplored regions of interstellar space .
whatever the resolution of these problems , allen and burton 's observations show that many surprises are in store as modern observational [ways] enable us to probe into hitherto unexplored regions of interstellar space .

The development of a research programme will involve not only the addition of suitable auxiliary hypotheses but also the development of adequate mathematical and experimental techniques .
the development of a research programme will involve not only the addition of suitable auxiliary hypotheses but also the development of adequate mathematical and experimental [ways] .

For instance , from the very inception of the Copernican programme it was clear that adequate mathematical techniques for manipulating epicyclic motions , improved techniques for astronomical observations and adequate theories governing the use of a variety of instruments were necessary for the elaboration and detailed application of the programme .
for instance , from the very inception of the copernican programme it was clear that adequate mathematical [ways] for manipulating epicyclic motions , improved [ways] for astronomical observations and adequate theories governing the use of a variety of instruments were necessary for the elaboration and detailed application of the programme .

Instrumentation and instrumental techniques necessary for bringing the laws of the paradigm to bear on the real world will also be included in the paradigm .
instrumentation and instrumental [ways] necessary for bringing the laws of the paradigm to bear on the real world will also be included in the paradigm .

The application of the Newtonian paradigm in astronomy involves the use of a variety of approved kinds of telescope , together with techniques for their use and a variety of techniques for the correction of the data collected with their aid .
the application of the newtonian paradigm in astronomy involves the use of a variety of approved kinds of telescope , together with [ways] for their use and a variety of [ways] for the correction of the data collected with their aid .

By solving standard problems , performing standard experiments and eventually by doing a piece of research under a supervisor already a skilled practitioner within the paradigm , an aspiring scientist becomes acquainted with the methods , the techniques and the standards of that paradigm .
by solving standard problems , performing standard experiments and eventually by doing a piece of research under a supervisor already a skilled practitioner within the paradigm , an aspiring scientist becomes acquainted with the methods , the [ways] and the standards of that paradigm .

Nor are the political techniques of the politicians of the 420s specially new .
nor are the political [ways] of the politicians of the 420s specially new .

One is to take for granted that the novel is a mode of communication , and to analyse its formal features as techniques of communication ; the other is to question the assumption that the novel is communication — to ask what is implied by that assumption , and what excluded .
one is to take for granted that the novel is a mode of communication , and to analyse its formal features as [ways] of communication ; the other is to question the assumption that the novel is communication — to ask what is implied by that assumption , and what excluded .

Examples of the former — recombining existing elements — would be the way this eclecticism in 1960s rock came into being in the first place , formed as it was from disparate sources , including many elements from bourgeois ‘ art music ’ ; or the way rhythmic techniques derived from working-class black American music were combined with other elements in 1920s dance music to signify a kind of safe but exotic , hedonist escapism for a broad grouping of classes in Britain .
examples of the former — recombining existing elements — would be the way this eclecticism in 1960s rock came into being in the first place , formed as it was from disparate sources , including many elements from bourgeois ‘ art music ’ ; or the way rhythmic [ways] derived from working-class black american music were combined with other elements in 1920s dance music to signify a kind of safe but exotic , hedonist escapism for a broad grouping of classes in britain .

Similarly , one could not satisfactorily analyse modalism in rock music without also dealing with the decline of modal folk song , in its traditional social contexts ; the urban folk revival ; the use of modal techniques by elite composers , and the ‘ discovery ’ of modal medieval and renaissance music ; the commodification of major-minor tonality by Tin Pan Alley and Hollywood , against which modalism could be seen as ‘ exotic ’ or ‘ primitive ’ ; the internationalization of capital bringing , through American cultural imperialism , the influence of modal Afro-American musics which , at the same time , could be seen as offering a potential for critique vis-à-vis the dominant , major-minor musical language ; and so on .
similarly , one could not satisfactorily analyse modalism in rock music without also dealing with the decline of modal folk song , in its traditional social contexts ; the urban folk revival ; the use of modal [ways] by elite composers , and the ‘ discovery ’ of modal medieval and renaissance music ; the commodification of major-minor tonality by tin pan alley and hollywood , against which modalism could be seen as ‘ exotic ’ or ‘ primitive ’ ; the internationalization of capital bringing , through american cultural imperialism , the influence of modal afro-american musics which , at the same time , could be seen as offering a potential for critique vis-à-vis the dominant , major-minor musical language ; and so on .

Along with conflicts between different musical techniques , there are immense struggles over what form music should take and what role it should play : this is as evident in pub , school and street as , on another level , in orchestral concert music , opera , the fashion for virtuoso piano music and the work of the avant-garde composers of the Romantic movement .
along with conflicts between different musical [ways] , there are immense struggles over what form music should take and what role it should play : this is as evident in pub , school and street as , on another level , in orchestral concert music , opera , the fashion for virtuoso piano music and the work of the avant-garde composers of the romantic movement .

While there were many conflicts over all the new music ( and dance ) forms ( see , for example , Hustwitt 1983 ) , by the mid-1920s we can see the outlines of a new , laboriously constructed consensus , ‘ hotter ’ and radical elements squeezed out , new techniques smoothed and assimilated within a musical framework with links back to bourgeois traditions , socially centred on ‘ respectable ’ dancing and home-listening , and on traditional kinds of concert and opera-going ( see Frith 1983b ; 1988b ) .
while there were many conflicts over all the new music ( and dance ) forms ( see , for example , hustwitt 1983 ) , by the mid-1920s we can see the outlines of a new , laboriously constructed consensus , ‘ hotter ’ and radical elements squeezed out , new [ways] smoothed and assimilated within a musical framework with links back to bourgeois traditions , socially centred on ‘ respectable ’ dancing and home-listening , and on traditional kinds of concert and opera-going ( see frith 1983b ; 1988b ) .

At other times it is relatively hidden , smoothed over by extensive cultivation , familiarity and the techniques of what Bourdieu calls ‘ legitimation ’ , only to be revealed when constituent elements are wrenched away and placed in a new setting .
at other times it is relatively hidden , smoothed over by extensive cultivation , familiarity and the [ways] of what bourdieu calls ‘ legitimation ’ , only to be revealed when constituent elements are wrenched away and placed in a new setting .

The same fusion of techniques can be found even earlier , while Elvis was still recording for Sun .
the same fusion of [ways] can be found even earlier , while elvis was still recording for sun .

‘ Milk cow Blues Boogie ’ ( 1955 ) is perhaps the best example since the techniques are so well integrated , though Elvis 's treatment of the song is at such a quick tempo that the operation of the techniques themselves is less clear than in ‘ Heartbreak Hotel ’ .
‘ milk cow blues boogie ’ ( 1955 ) is perhaps the best example since the [ways] are so well integrated , though elvis 's treatment of the song is at such a quick tempo that the operation of the [ways] themselves is less clear than in ‘ heartbreak hotel ’ .

Songs which integrate the techniques like ‘ Milk cow Blues Boogie ’ ( or ‘ Mystery Train ' ) in the Sun period or ‘ Heartbreak Hotel ’ in the early Victor period , become less common .
songs which integrate the [ways] like ‘ milk cow blues boogie ’ ( or ‘ mystery train ' ) in the sun period or ‘ heartbreak hotel ’ in the early victor period , become less common .

The techniques of boogification are exaggerated , overplayed , even parodied .
the [ways] of boogification are exaggerated , overplayed , even parodied .

In ‘ All Shook Up ’ , for example , the old techniques are still there ( Ex .
in ‘ all shook up ’ , for example , the old [ways] are still there ( ex .

Horizons were inevitably restricted , the weight of traditions heavy , the invention of new techniques and modes of expression limited .
horizons were inevitably restricted , the weight of traditions heavy , the invention of new [ways] and modes of expression limited .

And how would such an affixation cope with the evident fact that the techniques , modes of expression and performers claimed by the counterculture as their own were apparently so easily appropriated by the established music industry interests , and the music spread into every social corner and function ?
and how would such an affixation cope with the evident fact that the [ways] , modes of expression and performers claimed by the counterculture as their own were apparently so easily appropriated by the established music industry interests , and the music spread into every social corner and function ?

The ( mental ) environment displaces the ego from centre-stage — an important counter cultural theme , of course — though it is articulated using , among others , musical techniques familiar in the official culture .
the ( mental ) environment displaces the ego from centre-stage — an important counter cultural theme , of course — though it is articulated using , among others , musical [ways] familiar in the official culture .

For a third distinct trend in progressive rock we can turn to Pink Floyd , known for avant-garde experiments , often making use of collage , electronics and ‘ freeform ’ techniques .
for a third distinct trend in progressive rock we can turn to pink floyd , known for avant-garde experiments , often making use of collage , electronics and ‘ freeform ’ [ways] .

Similarly , elements of rhythm and blues phraseology remain ( drum techniques , guitar phrases and techniques ) but they are subsumed within a heterogeneous mixture of styles .
similarly , elements of rhythm and blues phraseology remain ( drum [ways] , guitar phrases and [ways] ) but they are subsumed within a heterogeneous mixture of styles .

The subcultural specificity of the songs is hard to establish ; all contain techniques which continually threaten to widen the field of cultural reference .
the subcultural specificity of the songs is hard to establish ; all contain [ways] which continually threaten to widen the field of cultural reference .

The previous chapter argued for a conception of music which maintains both the relative autonomy of its techniques and its ultimately social meaning , and which sees these as constructed within a historical dialectic .
the previous chapter argued for a conception of music which maintains both the relative autonomy of its [ways] and its ultimately social meaning , and which sees these as constructed within a historical dialectic .

As far as the ‘ artisan'-producer is concerned , Carole King 's picture of institutionalized song-writing in New York in the early 1960s — ‘ squeezed into our respective cubby-holes … you 'd sit there and write and you could hear someone in the next cubby-hole composing a song exactly like yours ’ ( Frith 1983a : 13–12 ) — fits into exactly the same frame of reference as Abner Silver and Robert Bruce 's classic 1939 text , How to Write and Sell a Hit Song , which describes the ‘ standard ’ forms and techniques , and from which Adorno quotes with withering relish ( 1941 : 17–18 ) .
as far as the ‘ artisan'-producer is concerned , carole king 's picture of institutionalized song-writing in new york in the early 1960s — ‘ squeezed into our respective cubby-holes … you 'd sit there and write and you could hear someone in the next cubby-hole composing a song exactly like yours ’ ( frith 1983a : 13–12 ) — fits into exactly the same frame of reference as abner silver and robert bruce 's classic 1939 text , how to write and sell a hit song , which describes the ‘ standard ’ forms and [ways] , and from which adorno quotes with withering relish ( 1941 : 17–18 ) .

Admittedly , the situation in the 1930s and 1940s was more settled , the institutions more congruent — though even within Tin Pan Alley the Hoagy Carmichaels and George Gershwins were introducing , in however mediated a form , new musical techniques , derived from black traditions .
admittedly , the situation in the 1930s and 1940s was more settled , the institutions more congruent — though even within tin pan alley the hoagy carmichaels and george gershwins were introducing , in however mediated a form , new musical [ways] , derived from black traditions .

The argument is that with the Beethovenian ‘ advance ’ the meaning of such techniques is changed ; they are no longer valid because they do not meet the needs of the new historical situation .
the argument is that with the beethovenian ‘ advance ’ the meaning of such [ways] is changed ; they are no longer valid because they do not meet the needs of the new historical situation .

Similar techniques are at work in the structure of the tune .
similar [ways] are at work in the structure of the tune .

This left him free to consider specific factors , relationships and techniques in a theoretically less encumbered ( if sometimes dangerously speculative ) way .
this left him free to consider specific factors , relationships and [ways] in a theoretically less encumbered ( if sometimes dangerously speculative ) way .

This not only affects the distribution , function and meaning of existing works but also stimulates new artistic techniques , new modes of production and new social relationships , shifting art from the sphere of ritual or disinterested contemplation to that of everyday life and political struggle .
this not only affects the distribution , function and meaning of existing works but also stimulates new artistic [ways] , new modes of production and new social relationships , shifting art from the sphere of ritual or disinterested contemplation to that of everyday life and political struggle .

Similarly , Benjamin 's description of cinematic form provokes immediate comparisons with the potential of recording and mixing techniques ( mike-positioning , rebalancing , dubbing , and so on ) for musical ‘ montage ’ and an ‘ analytical ’ revelation of new sound details and relationships ( for instance , Elvis Presley 's ‘ voice ’ — that is , the vocal ‘ image ’ we hear on his records — seems to me precisely a product of this kind of process ) .
similarly , benjamin 's description of cinematic form provokes immediate comparisons with the potential of recording and mixing [ways] ( mike-positioning , rebalancing , dubbing , and so on ) for musical ‘ montage ’ and an ‘ analytical ’ revelation of new sound details and relationships ( for instance , elvis presley 's ‘ voice ’ — that is , the vocal ‘ image ’ we hear on his records — seems to me precisely a product of this kind of process ) .

must be set alongside tendencies to use new techniques to revive an old aesthetic , to ‘ mix down ’ rather than separate out , in order to synthesize an all-embracing individual vision ( Phil Spector ? )
must be set alongside tendencies to use new [ways] to revive an old aesthetic , to ‘ mix down ’ rather than separate out , in order to synthesize an all-embracing individual vision ( phil spector ? )

Benjamin portrays the Brechtian drama as taking a traditional ‘ apparatus ’ ( theatre ) and transforming it through the use of techniques derived from the modern media : montage , interruption , critical quoting of everyday social ‘ gesture ’ .
benjamin portrays the brechtian drama as taking a traditional ‘ apparatus ’ ( theatre ) and transforming it through the use of [ways] derived from the modern media : montage , interruption , critical quoting of everyday social ‘ gesture ’ .

He must work towards an Umfunktionierung , as Brecht called it — a transformation of the apparatus — which will result in new fusions and relationships between media , genres and techniques , new , more collective production processes , and a new , more participative role for audiences .
he must work towards an umfunktionierung , as brecht called it — a transformation of the apparatus — which will result in new fusions and relationships between media , genres and [ways] , new , more collective production processes , and a new , more participative role for audiences .

Content — however radical — can always be appropriated by the existing cultural powers ; for Benjamin , then , cultural politics must become more of a running guerrilla war , in which any appropriate materials , tactics , techniques and relationships may be used .
content — however radical — can always be appropriated by the existing cultural powers ; for benjamin , then , cultural politics must become more of a running guerrilla war , in which any appropriate materials , tactics , [ways] and relationships may be used .

He certainly does tend to separate new techniques and technologies out from the total matrix of forces playing on production and reproduction , and to exaggerate their as it were naked power ; and he does underestimate the capacity of the capitalist media industries to channel the use made of them to suit their own interests , nullifying radical potential .
he certainly does tend to separate new [ways] and technologies out from the total matrix of forces playing on production and reproduction , and to exaggerate their as it were naked power ; and he does underestimate the capacity of the capitalist media industries to channel the use made of them to suit their own interests , nullifying radical potential .

Easy-to-learn performance and production techniques , together with readily accessible models in recorded form , change the way music is made .
easy-to-learn performance and production [ways] , together with readily accessible models in recorded form , change the way music is made .

Interestingly , the musical techniques — modal pitch relationships , ‘ motoric ’ attitude to rhythm , easily grasped proportional relationships of phrases repetitive/variative structures — can be linked with historical mass music forms and , via Afro-American sources , with African music , in which reference to ‘ community ’ is an ‘ intrinsic constituent ’ ( ibid : 235 ) .
interestingly , the musical [ways] — modal pitch relationships , ‘ motoric ’ attitude to rhythm , easily grasped proportional relationships of phrases repetitive/variative structures — can be linked with historical mass music forms and , via afro-american sources , with african music , in which reference to ‘ community ’ is an ‘ intrinsic constituent ’ ( ibid : 235 ) .

But by the late nineteenth century , most black music forms had been deeply penetrated by bourgeois influences : materials and techniques from white sources , notation ( used by many black musicians ) , individualized modes of production and expression .
but by the late nineteenth century , most black music forms had been deeply penetrated by bourgeois influences : materials and [ways] from white sources , notation ( used by many black musicians ) , individualized modes of production and expression .

Dispossessed and relatively powerless groups — for example , American blacks or white working-class youths — articulate their various perspectives , as victims , on the dominant reality through musics which accept the basic rhythmic-harmonic framework derived from the tradition of notated music but at the same time work against this in various ways , notably by superimposing on the framework musical techniques typical of oral cultures .
dispossessed and relatively powerless groups — for example , american blacks or white working-class youths — articulate their various perspectives , as victims , on the dominant reality through musics which accept the basic rhythmic-harmonic framework derived from the tradition of notated music but at the same time work against this in various ways , notably by superimposing on the framework musical [ways] typical of oral cultures .

These processes have involved constant interplay between oral and literate sources and techniques in so-called folk , popular and art traditions ( see Maróthy 1974 ) .
these processes have involved constant interplay between oral and literate sources and [ways] in so-called folk , popular and art traditions ( see maróthy 1974 ) .

This point can help us understand the contradictions within recorded popular music : the fact that there is no simple return to oral techniques ; that the record form carries a vast range of content types ( including ‘ literate ’ ballads related to bourgeois traditions ) ; that production methods also differ widely , often using written components as well as ‘ oral ’ techniques ; that the modern recording studio is actually more suited to producing precisely synchronized rhythms and textures , and complex structural processes , than is notation ( as well as being suited also to other things ) .
this point can help us understand the contradictions within recorded popular music : the fact that there is no simple return to oral [ways] ; that the record form carries a vast range of content types ( including ‘ literate ’ ballads related to bourgeois traditions ) ; that production methods also differ widely , often using written components as well as ‘ oral ’ [ways] ; that the modern recording studio is actually more suited to producing precisely synchronized rhythms and textures , and complex structural processes , than is notation ( as well as being suited also to other things ) .

We need much more investigation into the exact similarities and differences between oral and recording techniques , and their effects .
we need much more investigation into the exact similarities and differences between oral and recording [ways] , and their effects .

Here one has to rely on the indices produced by survey techniques , which do not provide ambiguous definitions and which are open to a variety of interpretations but which nonetheless do provide a starting point for analysis .
here one has to rely on the indices produced by survey [ways] , which do not provide ambiguous definitions and which are open to a variety of interpretations but which nonetheless do provide a starting point for analysis .

In many ways farming techniques appeared archaic : the main cultivating tool , the laya ( a two-pronged fork ) , seemed a primitive survival to enthusiasts for the plough .
in many ways farming [ways] appeared archaic : the main cultivating tool , the laya ( a two-pronged fork ) , seemed a primitive survival to enthusiasts for the plough .

Without any alteration of techniques , the caserío could become , in the twentieth century , a commercialized concern with off-the-farm sales to the towns .
without any alteration of [ways] , the caserío could become , in the twentieth century , a commercialized concern with off-the-farm sales to the towns .

’ Sometimes this obstinacy was the refuge of the poor man who can not afford change and to whom stagnation has become a habit of mind necessary for survival ; at other times it represented a sound rejection of improper techniques culled by ‘ philosophical ’ amateurs from the journals of French and English agricultural societies .
’ sometimes this obstinacy was the refuge of the poor man who can not afford change and to whom stagnation has become a habit of mind necessary for survival ; at other times it represented a sound rejection of improper [ways] culled by ‘ philosophical ’ amateurs from the journals of french and english agricultural societies .

Textiles were in full decline ; the old metal trades had vanished to the point where no artisan could explain the traditional techniques .
textiles were in full decline ; the old metal trades had vanished to the point where no artisan could explain the traditional [ways] .

It was not until the Basque iron deposits were exploited by foreign capital , instead of by the archaic techniques of the Basque miners , that Spain was to acquire a substitute for wool .
it was not until the basque iron deposits were exploited by foreign capital , instead of by the archaic [ways] of the basque miners , that spain was to acquire a substitute for wool .

Major changes occurred in the course of time in the availability both of different substances and of the techniques for shaping and displaying them .
major changes occurred in the course of time in the availability both of different substances and of the [ways] for shaping and displaying them .

Apart from fire opals , which can stand being faceted , opals can be prepared for jewellery only by the age-old techniques of grinding and smoothing , owing to their tendency to crack .
apart from fire opals , which can stand being faceted , opals can be prepared for jewellery only by the age-old [ways] of grinding and smoothing , owing to their tendency to crack .

In the light of these unsystematic legislative techniques there is no point in summarising the various statutes drawn to our attention .
in the light of these unsystematic legislative [ways] there is no point in summarising the various statutes drawn to our attention .

Modern techniques , fertilizer and crops would replace the archaic implements and the three-field system under which Russian agriculture had stagnated .
modern [ways] , fertilizer and crops would replace the archaic implements and the three-field system under which russian agriculture had stagnated .

And some of these techniques must be working because she keeps getting re-hired .
and some of these [ways] must be working because she keeps getting re-hired .

New techniques take the strain out of treating groin hernias
new [ways] take the strain out of treating groin hernias

They may find respectable society and lawful opportunities closed to them while unlawful ones are opened up ( custodial institutions are notoriously ‘ schools for crime ’ where offenders can meet each other , learn criminal techniques and enter into a criminal sub-culture ) , and their self-image may change from that of a law-abiding person to that of a deviant .
they may find respectable society and lawful opportunities closed to them while unlawful ones are opened up ( custodial institutions are notoriously ‘ schools for crime ’ where offenders can meet each other , learn criminal [ways] and enter into a criminal sub-culture ) , and their self-image may change from that of a law-abiding person to that of a deviant .

Thus , whereas classicism 's image of human nature portrayed all human beings as being fully responsible for their own actions , Bentham saw criminals as having limited rationality and responsibility , but thought that they could be made more rational by the correct application of reformative techniques in his ‘ mill for grinding rogues honest ’ , as he called the Panopticon .
thus , whereas classicism 's image of human nature portrayed all human beings as being fully responsible for their own actions , bentham saw criminals as having limited rationality and responsibility , but thought that they could be made more rational by the correct application of reformative [ways] in his ‘ mill for grinding rogues honest ’ , as he called the panopticon .

The new industrial social order required new techniques of power and new institutions to control the subordinate classes .
the new industrial social order required new [ways] of power and new institutions to control the subordinate classes .

Faced with a deepening penal crisis on the one hand , and continuing intransigence from sentencers on the other , there was growing pressure throughout the 1990s from a broad constituency — comprising not only penal reformers but also senior civil servants , prison visitors , and prison governors — for the government to accept the need for more effective techniques for the control of sentencing discretion than it had been prepared to concede in the past .
faced with a deepening penal crisis on the one hand , and continuing intransigence from sentencers on the other , there was growing pressure throughout the 1990s from a broad constituency — comprising not only penal reformers but also senior civil servants , prison visitors , and prison governors — for the government to accept the need for more effective [ways] for the control of sentencing discretion than it had been prepared to concede in the past .

As an industrialist and landowner he was a forward-looking innovator who , like his English contemporaries , the improving landlords of the eighteenth-century agricultural revolution , introduced new farming techniques on his estates and exploited the mineral resources which he found under his lands .
as an industrialist and landowner he was a forward-looking innovator who , like his english contemporaries , the improving landlords of the eighteenth-century agricultural revolution , introduced new farming [ways] on his estates and exploited the mineral resources which he found under his lands .

The whole interior walls of the church in this little Istrian village are covered with paintings on such themes as the Dance of Death ( Mrtvački ples ) , the Adoration of the Magi ( Poklonstvo kraljeva ) and Christ on the Mount of Olives ( Krist na maslinovoj gori ) in which the poetic idealism of the painter shines through the simple techniques employed to convey his vision of spiritual truth .
the whole interior walls of the church in this little istrian village are covered with paintings on such themes as the dance of death ( mrtvački ples ) , the adoration of the magi ( poklonstvo kraljeva ) and christ on the mount of olives ( krist na maslinovoj gori ) in which the poetic idealism of the painter shines through the simple [ways] employed to convey his vision of spiritual truth .

Fourth , the fund may lack the accounting systems and performance measurement techniques to incorporate futures , so discouraging their use .
fourth , the fund may lack the accounting systems and performance measurement [ways] to incorporate futures , so discouraging their use .

Local higher education departments could often be interested in carrying out interviews — a bookseller 's own staff would not be trained in the techniques and would inevitably be biased .
local higher education departments could often be interested in carrying out interviews — a bookseller 's own staff would not be trained in the [ways] and would inevitably be biased .

In the 1950s Keynesian economic management techniques were employed to try to retain full employment without inflation .
in the 1950s keynesian economic management [ways] were employed to try to retain full employment without inflation .

Advances in medical science have made possible extensive treatment , by medical , surgical and rehabilitative techniques , which can remedy some defects and compensate for others .
advances in medical science have made possible extensive treatment , by medical , surgical and rehabilitative [ways] , which can remedy some defects and compensate for others .

Through such techniques as occupational therapy and physiotherapy , and by the inspired use of artificial limbs , walking aids , powered wheelchairs and so on , many severely disabled persons can be helped to adjust physically to their situation , develop compensatory skills and achieve considerable mobility .
through such [ways] as occupational therapy and physiotherapy , and by the inspired use of artificial limbs , walking aids , powered wheelchairs and so on , many severely disabled persons can be helped to adjust physically to their situation , develop compensatory skills and achieve considerable mobility .

Evaluation is still rudimentary but it is increasingly accepted that with services as massive and costly as those described we must develop techniques for measuring their impact and comparing the success and failure of different approaches .
evaluation is still rudimentary but it is increasingly accepted that with services as massive and costly as those described we must develop [ways] for measuring their impact and comparing the success and failure of different approaches .

The natural history of the disease also makes it unsuitable for screening by imaging techniques : a normal scan now is no guarantee of a normal heart in the future .
the natural history of the disease also makes it unsuitable for screening by imaging [ways] : a normal scan now is no guarantee of a normal heart in the future .

The polymerase chain reaction has been unquestionably unique , as new techniques go , in the speed with which it has been embraced by non-experts in most specialties of the biological sciences , including medicine .
the polymerase chain reaction has been unquestionably unique , as new [ways] go , in the speed with which it has been embraced by non-experts in most specialties of the biological sciences , including medicine .

In terms of its power to drive biological research , the advent of the polymerase chain reaction can certainly be compared with the discovery of the techniques of molecular cloning some 20 years ago .
in terms of its power to drive biological research , the advent of the polymerase chain reaction can certainly be compared with the discovery of the [ways] of molecular cloning some 20 years ago .

Consideration of some of the routine day to day techniques of molecular biology allows this to be illustrated .
consideration of some of the routine day to day [ways] of molecular biology allows this to be illustrated .

This raft of techniques can be applied to most specialties .
this raft of [ways] can be applied to most specialties .

By this approach invasive fetal sampling techniques may be avoided entirely or limited to those cases where confirmation of a positive diagnosis is desirable .
by this approach invasive fetal sampling [ways] may be avoided entirely or limited to those cases where confirmation of a positive diagnosis is desirable .

Problem based learning techniques are used , and students work in teams to define professional roles and develop management plans for patients .
problem based learning [ways] are used , and students work in teams to define professional roles and develop management plans for patients .

’ Culley was calling on a brief training in surveillance techniques .
’ culley was calling on a brief training in surveillance [ways] .

There are many techniques you can use beforehand to help you relax .
there are many [ways] you can use beforehand to help you relax .

If you have never stood up in front of other people and given a speech , you could take a course in public speaking , or buy a book on the subject and go through the techniques they practise .
if you have never stood up in front of other people and given a speech , you could take a course in public speaking , or buy a book on the subject and go through the [ways] they practise .

The same disciplines and similar techniques are still necessary for the neo-programming that all but the simplest databases require .
the same disciplines and similar [ways] are still necessary for the neo-programming that all but the simplest databases require .

The brushes are designed to simulate the effects of painting tools and techniques like oils , chalks , airbrushes and watercolours .
the brushes are designed to simulate the effects of painting tools and [ways] like oils , chalks , airbrushes and watercolours .

It is often said that most congenital abnormalities are untreatable , but this overlooks the great contribution of tertiary prevention , and surgical techniques are constantly improving .
it is often said that most congenital abnormalities are untreatable , but this overlooks the great contribution of tertiary prevention , and surgical [ways] are constantly improving .

If less reliable prostheses or techniques were used the cost at 10 years would be over three times as much .
if less reliable prostheses or [ways] were used the cost at 10 years would be over three times as much .

One of the most promising techniques depends on the very accurate measurement of the sinkage of implants into bone .
one of the most promising [ways] depends on the very accurate measurement of the sinkage of implants into bone .

In future such techniques may help to identify design features that improve survival .
in future such [ways] may help to identify design features that improve survival .

Our data can not be compared directly to those of other investigators because the reported frequencies of human papillomavirus in cervical lesions vary widely because of differences in selecting patients , in the materials analysed , in detection techniques , and in the geographical occurrence of virus types .
our data can not be compared directly to those of other investigators because the reported frequencies of human papillomavirus in cervical lesions vary widely because of differences in selecting patients , in the materials analysed , in detection [ways] , and in the geographical occurrence of virus types .

In practice case management for people with long term mental illness has developed into a range of techniques that can be described along 12 different axes ( box 2 ) , which aim to ensure that patients with long term psychiatric disorders receive consistent and continuing services for as long as they are required and that services do not focus inappropriately on patients with less severe conditions .
in practice case management for people with long term mental illness has developed into a range of [ways] that can be described along 12 different axes ( box 2 ) , which aim to ensure that patients with long term psychiatric disorders receive consistent and continuing services for as long as they are required and that services do not focus inappropriately on patients with less severe conditions .

Conclusions drawn from applying statistical techniques to incomplete data may be very misleading .
conclusions drawn from applying statistical [ways] to incomplete data may be very misleading .

For example , the informal decision making that is a component of ‘ surgical signatures ’ and ‘ practice style ’ can be made explicit by use of clinical judgment analysis and related techniques , which set the basis for variations in diagnostic and therapeutic judgment on a statistically firm footing .
for example , the informal decision making that is a component of ‘ surgical signatures ’ and ‘ practice style ’ can be made explicit by use of clinical judgment analysis and related [ways] , which set the basis for variations in diagnostic and therapeutic judgment on a statistically firm footing .

Available techniques for measuring bone mass are nevertheless extremely sophisticated and will be of continuing value in the diagnosis and management of bone disease and for research .
available [ways] for measuring bone mass are nevertheless extremely sophisticated and will be of continuing value in the diagnosis and management of bone disease and for research .

The compelling need to experiment with alternative solutions in order to resolve the dilemma of his personal predicament had as its counterpart a light-hearted , seemingly casual participation in role-playing and disguise , techniques of escaping temporarily from an oppressive situation .
the compelling need to experiment with alternative solutions in order to resolve the dilemma of his personal predicament had as its counterpart a light-hearted , seemingly casual participation in role-playing and disguise , [ways] of escaping temporarily from an oppressive situation .

Success of the literary process becomes a measure of the balance achieved between artistic techniques and ideological functions .
success of the literary process becomes a measure of the balance achieved between artistic [ways] and ideological functions .

These sessions are balanced with lectures and demonstrations on photographic techniques .
these sessions are balanced with lectures and demonstrations on photographic [ways] .

You will see that up to max.flash the image will look much the same as using the techniques described for pre-flash , establishing more mid and highlight tones .
you will see that up to max.flash the image will look much the same as using the [ways] described for pre-flash , establishing more mid and highlight tones .

Of course it 's much easier to demonstrate techniques than write then down .
of course it 's much easier to demonstrate [ways] than write then down .

He tried all sorts of subjects and approaches to photography and different camera formats and techniques as part of the course but doggedly stuck to his 35mm camera because of its portability , cheapness and speed of action .
he tried all sorts of subjects and approaches to photography and different camera formats and [ways] as part of the course but doggedly stuck to his 35mm camera because of its portability , cheapness and speed of action .

We therefore applied these techniques to archival tissues containing sarcoid granulomas and further investigated the viability of this widely available tissue source in research based on polymerase chain reaction techniques .
we therefore applied these [ways] to archival tissues containing sarcoid granulomas and further investigated the viability of this widely available tissue source in research based on polymerase chain reaction [ways] .

State of hydration on admission , time between presentation to hospital and a definite diagnosis , techniques used to make the diagnosis , whether a pyloric mass was felt before or after an imaging procedure , time between presentation and surgery , and length of stay in hospital .
state of hydration on admission , time between presentation to hospital and a definite diagnosis , [ways] used to make the diagnosis , whether a pyloric mass was felt before or after an imaging procedure , time between presentation and surgery , and length of stay in hospital .

These techniques have been relied on increasingly to evaluate vomiting infants .
these [ways] have been relied on increasingly to evaluate vomiting infants .

Scharli et al noted a 23 % rise in the use of barium meal examinations over the 55 years of their study , while Breaux et al reported a 34 % increase in the use of imaging techniques between 1980 and 1984 , largely attributable to the use of ultrasound .
scharli et al noted a 23 % rise in the use of barium meal examinations over the 55 years of their study , while breaux et al reported a 34 % increase in the use of imaging [ways] between 1980 and 1984 , largely attributable to the use of ultrasound .

To approach this in a more formal sense would also require mathematical programming techniques .
to approach this in a more formal sense would also require mathematical programming [ways] .

The improvement may well be largely related to an increase in volume leading to an increase in blood volume in the lungs — an effect shown by transthoracic impedance techniques .
the improvement may well be largely related to an increase in volume leading to an increase in blood volume in the lungs — an effect shown by transthoracic impedance [ways] .

It is an area of special problems which do not lend themselves to being handled easily by familiar logico-linguistic techniques and require a different type of treatment .
it is an area of special problems which do not lend themselves to being handled easily by familiar logico-linguistic [ways] and require a different type of treatment .

Isolation of nucleic acids , gel electrophoresis , hybridization conditions , oligonucleotide synthesis and standard in vitro recombinant techniques were carried out as described elsewhere ( 27 , 28 ) .
isolation of nucleic acids , gel electrophoresis , hybridization conditions , oligonucleotide synthesis and standard in vitro recombinant [ways] were carried out as described elsewhere ( 27 , 28 ) .

Centralized integration is about using photovoltaics to complement the output of conventional power stations , using techniques such as ‘ peak shaving ’ .
centralized integration is about using photovoltaics to complement the output of conventional power stations , using [ways] such as ‘ peak shaving ’ .

For an authoritative insight into the myriad techniques of design for publication , Edwards is undoubtedly the man .
for an authoritative insight into the myriad [ways] of design for publication , edwards is undoubtedly the man .

The resulting tables were analysed by log linear modelling techniques using generalised linear interactive modelling .
the resulting tables were analysed by log linear modelling [ways] using generalised linear interactive modelling .

In 1954 he published Archaeology from the Earth , an instruction book on field archaeology ; many modern excavation techniques have their origins in the principles that Wheeler set out in that book .
in 1954 he published archaeology from the earth , an instruction book on field archaeology ; many modern excavation [ways] have their origins in the principles that wheeler set out in that book .

Advances in methods of excavation have been accompanied by various electronic devices for locating sites , more accurate methods of dating , and perhaps most important of all , many sophisticated techniques for interpreting the evidence provided by excavation and landscape survey , so that our understanding of the past has improved dramatically .
advances in methods of excavation have been accompanied by various electronic devices for locating sites , more accurate methods of dating , and perhaps most important of all , many sophisticated [ways] for interpreting the evidence provided by excavation and landscape survey , so that our understanding of the past has improved dramatically .

In the past , such building work has not always been completely destructive , but modern techniques of construction usually require deep foundations , totally destroying any underlying sites .
in the past , such building work has not always been completely destructive , but modern [ways] of construction usually require deep foundations , totally destroying any underlying sites .

Other techniques , such as echo-sounding and soil scanning radar , are currently being developed , and are likely to be used more and more in the future for accurate location and surveying of sites .
other [ways] , such as echo-sounding and soil scanning radar , are currently being developed , and are likely to be used more and more in the future for accurate location and surveying of sites .

Environmental evidence is often regarded as a special case , but in fact many of the standard techniques of finds analysis are also applied to the study of environmental samples .
environmental evidence is often regarded as a special case , but in fact many of the standard [ways] of finds analysis are also applied to the study of environmental samples .

Early antiquarians and archaeologists were greatly hampered by an almost complete lack of dating techniques for the sites and finds that they recorded and excavated .
early antiquarians and archaeologists were greatly hampered by an almost complete lack of dating [ways] for the sites and finds that they recorded and excavated .

As more artefacts were collected and more sites discovered and excavated , the need for some method of ordering the information became more urgent , and so developed the techniques of dating .
as more artefacts were collected and more sites discovered and excavated , the need for some method of ordering the information became more urgent , and so developed the [ways] of dating .

Some of the earliest techniques of dating were originally developed by the Swedish archaeologist Oscar Montelius ( 1843–1921 ) in the late 19th century .
some of the earliest [ways] of dating were originally developed by the swedish archaeologist oscar montelius ( 1843–1921 ) in the late 19th century .

Although they have been modified since then , his techniques using finds still form the mainstay of most dating programmes .
although they have been modified since then , his [ways] using finds still form the mainstay of most dating programmes .

Using these techniques , a network of links between many finds and archaeological layers ( contexts ) form a dated framework used to date other finds and contexts .
using these [ways] , a network of links between many finds and archaeological layers ( contexts ) form a dated framework used to date other finds and contexts .

The methods of excavation have to be extremely rigorous , and putting the finds into a dated sequence often relies heavily on individual judgement , although statistical techniques and computers are nowadays used to handle and control the data .
the methods of excavation have to be extremely rigorous , and putting the finds into a dated sequence often relies heavily on individual judgement , although statistical [ways] and computers are nowadays used to handle and control the data .

There are many techniques of archaeological interpretation , and several layers at which interpretation is necessary , from sorting out the structural sequence of excavated buildings to assessing the place of a nation in world history .
there are many [ways] of archaeological interpretation , and several layers at which interpretation is necessary , from sorting out the structural sequence of excavated buildings to assessing the place of a nation in world history .

Similarly , a historian will make use of statistical techniques to give objective substance to intuitively sensed historical processes or trends .
similarly , a historian will make use of statistical [ways] to give objective substance to intuitively sensed historical processes or trends .

Or will there be a flowering of research papers , neither pedestrian nor spectacular , containing solid and original results obtained by techniques for which the computer is indispensable ?
or will there be a flowering of research papers , neither pedestrian nor spectacular , containing solid and original results obtained by [ways] for which the computer is indispensable ?

Piecemeal , we are beginning to build up a number of different techniques of analysis which will provide an answer to our initial problem : what is it that gives stretches of language in use their meaning and their unity ? We have looked at the devices which create formal links between sentences ; at pragmatic interpretations which link literal meaning to function and social meaning ; at the existence of hierarchical structures in particular discourse types ; and finally at the conversational mechanisms which enable people to construct informal discourse together and make sense of what is happening as they do so .
piecemeal , we are beginning to build up a number of different [ways] of analysis which will provide an answer to our initial problem : what is it that gives stretches of language in use their meaning and their unity ? we have looked at the devices which create formal links between sentences ; at pragmatic interpretations which link literal meaning to function and social meaning ; at the existence of hierarchical structures in particular discourse types ; and finally at the conversational mechanisms which enable people to construct informal discourse together and make sense of what is happening as they do so .

One of the techniques he uses here is to diagram the organization of the discourse in terms of topic and function , as shown in the extract below .
one of the [ways] he uses here is to diagram the organization of the discourse in terms of topic and function , as shown in the extract below .

It may be regarded as a set of techniques , rather than a theoretically predetermined system for the writing of linguistic ‘ rules ’ .
it may be regarded as a set of [ways] , rather than a theoretically predetermined system for the writing of linguistic ‘ rules ’ .

The megapodes , a family of birds that lives in Australia and the western Pacific , have developed particularly ingenious techniques of incubation .
the megapodes , a family of birds that lives in australia and the western pacific , have developed particularly ingenious [ways] of incubation .

The most complex of their techniques is that used by the mallee fowl in the open scrub country of southern Australia .
the most complex of their [ways] is that used by the mallee fowl in the open scrub country of southern australia .

She has been compelled by her ancestry to leave the sea and come to these beaches to breed , for seals are descended from land-living mammals and although their limbs have become efficient paddles and their bodies are streamlined for swimming , unlike whales and dolphins they have not yet evolved techniques that enable them to give birth at sea .
she has been compelled by her ancestry to leave the sea and come to these beaches to breed , for seals are descended from land-living mammals and although their limbs have become efficient paddles and their bodies are streamlined for swimming , unlike whales and dolphins they have not yet evolved [ways] that enable them to give birth at sea .

These require different techniques and different tools .
these require different [ways] and different tools .

So various and ingenious are the defensive techniques adopted by the hunted that , in some cases , hunters find it worth their while to work together in teams .
so various and ingenious are the defensive [ways] adopted by the hunted that , in some cases , hunters find it worth their while to work together in teams .

So by exploiting touch , taste and smell , by developing special techniques of echo-location and electrical sensitivity , many animals find their way around in the darkness with great precision .
so by exploiting touch , taste and smell , by developing special [ways] of echo-location and electrical sensitivity , many animals find their way around in the darkness with great precision .

For the last few years Pinfield had been based with the Langham Group , a somewhat elitist special projects body under Anthony Pellisier charged with producing very experimental forms of drama — using techniques like inlay , overlay and split screening ; for example , matting caption slide backgrounds over black drape stages .
for the last few years pinfield had been based with the langham group , a somewhat elitist special projects body under anthony pellisier charged with producing very experimental forms of drama — using [ways] like inlay , overlay and split screening ; for example , matting caption slide backgrounds over black drape stages .

With little experience of Visual Effects construction techniques , Cusick was concerned lest the labour fees involved ( the costliest part of any Effects job ) would make his drawings cost-impractical .
with little experience of visual effects construction [ways] , cusick was concerned lest the labour fees involved ( the costliest part of any effects job ) would make his drawings cost-impractical .

Ace had found herself inventing new techniques as she tried to use the shuttle 's processors to hack into the station 's maintenance systems , but there had been no indication that the station had even been receiving her signals .
ace had found herself inventing new [ways] as she tried to use the shuttle 's processors to hack into the station 's maintenance systems , but there had been no indication that the station had even been receiving her signals .

But although techniques exist for playing elaborate tricks with the camera , photography , as used in ads , is generally a very homogeneous medium .
but although [ways] exist for playing elaborate tricks with the camera , photography , as used in ads , is generally a very homogeneous medium .

The tendency has been heightened and intensified by the advent of techniques derived from pop videos — a language with which agency creative people are very familiar , but which can be opaque to anyone over about 25 — and sophisticated computer graphics .
the tendency has been heightened and intensified by the advent of [ways] derived from pop videos — a language with which agency creative people are very familiar , but which can be opaque to anyone over about 25 — and sophisticated computer graphics .

Nonetheless , to cover these two gaps in the knowledge provided by qualitative small-scale research , there are a number of techniques available to provide more quantified information about people 's responses to advertising .
nonetheless , to cover these two gaps in the knowledge provided by qualitative small-scale research , there are a number of [ways] available to provide more quantified information about people 's responses to advertising .

In the present state of the art , the temptation to use these without — at the very least — first having had some academic training in econometric techniques should be resisted .
in the present state of the art , the temptation to use these without — at the very least — first having had some academic training in econometric [ways] should be resisted .

Just as there are production companies and cameramen specializing in different techniques and styles and product fields , so you can get actors and models who specialize in specific areas .
just as there are production companies and cameramen specializing in different [ways] and styles and product fields , so you can get actors and models who specialize in specific areas .

The fashion for exotic locations thrived during the early sixties , but has diminished as economic realism and improvements in studio techniques have respectively discouraged the wilder flights of fancy and provided generally acceptable substitutes .
the fashion for exotic locations thrived during the early sixties , but has diminished as economic realism and improvements in studio [ways] have respectively discouraged the wilder flights of fancy and provided generally acceptable substitutes .

The development of sophisticated computer techniques has added a whole new dimension to this ‘ post-production ’ stage of commercial-making .
the development of sophisticated computer [ways] has added a whole new dimension to this ‘ post-production ’ stage of commercial-making .

Still at the early stage of development , the books will draw on 19th-century illustrations of fruit , flowers and traditional gardening techniques , with authors such as Dr Joan Morgan and Peter Beales .
still at the early stage of development , the books will draw on 19th-century illustrations of fruit , flowers and traditional gardening [ways] , with authors such as dr joan morgan and peter beales .

Powell was the nearest thing to an orthodox businessman to be found in the Virgin offices , with an understanding of business techniques and practices and no little amount of jargon — studiously drawn from the American magazines to which he subscribed .
powell was the nearest thing to an orthodox businessman to be found in the virgin offices , with an understanding of business [ways] and practices and no little amount of jargon — studiously drawn from the american magazines to which he subscribed .

The following year , Oldfield underwent Exegesis , the then fashionable and expensive ‘ therapy ’ in which people are shouted at and humiliated in front of a group , and then convinced by ‘ brainwashing ’ techniques that they actually feel better for it .
the following year , oldfield underwent exegesis , the then fashionable and expensive ‘ therapy ’ in which people are shouted at and humiliated in front of a group , and then convinced by ‘ brainwashing ’ [ways] that they actually feel better for it .

Herein are summaries of some of the techniques which will be used later . They include
herein are summaries of some of the [ways] which will be used later . they include

Many relevant techniques are described in detail in the compendium edited by Bibel & Jorrand ( 1986 ) .
many relevant [ways] are described in detail in the compendium edited by bibel & jorrand ( 1986 ) .

top-down and bottom-up clustering techniques
top-down and bottom-up clustering [ways]

Clumping techniques , by contrast , form clusters which may overlap .
clumping [ways] , by contrast , form clusters which may overlap .

If the cause or matter is properly characterised as criminal , it can not lose that character simply because at one stage it is carried forward by techniques which closely resemble those employed in civil matters , or which lead to relief often granted in civil matters , or which are available in civil or criminal matters alike ; any more than , having gained this new character by the employment of such techniques , it would revert to its former status when the deployment of the techniques came to an end .
if the cause or matter is properly characterised as criminal , it can not lose that character simply because at one stage it is carried forward by [ways] which closely resemble those employed in civil matters , or which lead to relief often granted in civil matters , or which are available in civil or criminal matters alike ; any more than , having gained this new character by the employment of such [ways] , it would revert to its former status when the deployment of the [ways] came to an end .

New techniques for tackling the problem of osmosis .
new [ways] for tackling the problem of osmosis .

Once the bane of those who owned glassfibre yachts , osmosis can now be dealt with using a number of techniques .
once the bane of those who owned glassfibre yachts , osmosis can now be dealt with using a number of [ways] .

There are two techniques for using a wind generator or a solar panel .
there are two [ways] for using a wind generator or a solar panel .

There is a weekend course available that will give a good foundation in the techniques of panning and prospecting .
there is a weekend course available that will give a good foundation in the [ways] of panning and prospecting .

However , as they became increasingly conversant and comfortable with workshop techniques the balance was redressed .
however , as they became increasingly conversant and comfortable with workshop [ways] the balance was redressed .

We wanted mothers with children to go on the various courses and learn new printmaking techniques .
we wanted mothers with children to go on the various courses and learn new printmaking [ways] .

This positive strategy included having an ‘ Artist-in-Residence ’ for the creche , so that the children also learned printmaking techniques .
this positive strategy included having an ‘ artist-in-residence ’ for the creche , so that the children also learned printmaking [ways] .

In Lifesense , new close-up filming techniques reveal lice , mites and bacteria stalking the landscape of the human body , and the world of those parasites who prefer our interiors .
in lifesense , new close-up filming [ways] reveal lice , mites and bacteria stalking the landscape of the human body , and the world of those parasites who prefer our interiors .

Equinox : Sundays at 7pm. 8th , Dead Men Talk : New techniques for dating fossils have cast doubt on existing theories of human evolution .
equinox : sundays at 7pm. 8th , dead men talk : new [ways] for dating fossils have cast doubt on existing theories of human evolution .

There is no evidence that addictive disease arises from traumas of early childhood or that psycho-therapeutic techniques that explore the emotional and behavioural patterns established in these early years have any effect whatever in the understanding or treatment of addictive disease .
there is no evidence that addictive disease arises from traumas of early childhood or that psycho-therapeutic [ways] that explore the emotional and behavioural patterns established in these early years have any effect whatever in the understanding or treatment of addictive disease .

Not only is each person 's recovery a highly individual process but also the ideas and techniques of individual recovery , group processes and treatment centre programmes are all continuingly and progressively evolving .
not only is each person 's recovery a highly individual process but also the ideas and [ways] of individual recovery , group processes and treatment centre programmes are all continuingly and progressively evolving .

The progress during the first year of recovery will vary from one person to another but for most people this first year in any Fellowship is spent mainly in compliance : doing what is suggested by people more experienced in the Anonymous Fellowships , attending meetings , contributing to them and giving practical service in them , progressively working the 12 Steps with the guidance of a sponsor and generally learning to use the various suggested techniques of staying away from one 's primary addictive substance or behaviour and learning to deal with stressful situations in a more appropriate manner than previously .
the progress during the first year of recovery will vary from one person to another but for most people this first year in any fellowship is spent mainly in compliance : doing what is suggested by people more experienced in the anonymous fellowships , attending meetings , contributing to them and giving practical service in them , progressively working the 12 steps with the guidance of a sponsor and generally learning to use the various suggested [ways] of staying away from one 's primary addictive substance or behaviour and learning to deal with stressful situations in a more appropriate manner than previously .

Nonetheless , those who wish for lasting secure recovery will need to learn to consider feedback from any source and family members who truly desire longterm recovery for their loved ones will need first to understand their own `` family disease `` and get into recovery from it before learning the techniques of giving open and honest non-judgemental feedback to others .
nonetheless , those who wish for lasting secure recovery will need to learn to consider feedback from any source and family members who truly desire longterm recovery for their loved ones will need first to understand their own `` family disease `` and get into recovery from it before learning the [ways] of giving open and honest non-judgemental feedback to others .

Behaviour therapy , Gestalt therapy , Art Therapy , Music Therapy , Transactional Analysis , Psychotherapy , Psychosynthesis , Psycho Drama and any number of other techniques may help some people who have problems with the process of moving rationally from thoughts to feelings and on to actions , even though these techniques have nothing to offer to the specific recovery process from addictive disease itself .
behaviour therapy , gestalt therapy , art therapy , music therapy , transactional analysis , psychotherapy , psychosynthesis , psycho drama and any number of other [ways] may help some people who have problems with the process of moving rationally from thoughts to feelings and on to actions , even though these [ways] have nothing to offer to the specific recovery process from addictive disease itself .

Fortunately there are techniques which allow us to apply our results on finite programs to general purposes : syntactic approximation allows us to identify every program with a set of finite ones .
fortunately there are [ways] which allow us to apply our results on finite programs to general purposes : syntactic approximation allows us to identify every program with a set of finite ones .

It covers : The basic and advanced techniques required for instrument flight .
it covers : the basic and advanced [ways] required for instrument flight .

The techniques required for making full use of the radio and navigation aids available .
the [ways] required for making full use of the radio and navigation aids available .

The techniques required for let-down and approach procedures , arrivals and departures in instrument flying conditions .
the [ways] required for let-down and approach procedures , arrivals and departures in instrument flying conditions .

The techniques required for flight on airways .
the [ways] required for flight on airways .

When you have learnt these techniques , your reward will be the sheer delight of being able to set up any performance , no matter how heavy the workload ; with the minimum of trial and error , whilst simultaneously maintaining accurate navigation and approach procedures .
when you have learnt these [ways] , your reward will be the sheer delight of being able to set up any performance , no matter how heavy the workload ; with the minimum of trial and error , whilst simultaneously maintaining accurate navigation and approach procedures .

Techniques do not " date " or become obsolete ; you should retain this manual for reference and refresher study as well as using it for your initial training .
[ways] do not " date " or become obsolete ; you should retain this manual for reference and refresher study as well as using it for your initial training .

The manual is divided into three sections : Introduces you to instrument flying , the requirements and techniques involved , including the effects and control of disorientation .
the manual is divided into three sections : introduces you to instrument flying , the requirements and [ways] involved , including the effects and control of disorientation .

In addition to the techniques which are described in detail later , it is useful to memorise these few simple rules .
in addition to the [ways] which are described in detail later , it is useful to memorise these few simple rules .

He was either very lucky or very skilful , because although his techniques were primitive no one ever seemed to suffer from any complications .
he was either very lucky or very skilful , because although his [ways] were primitive no one ever seemed to suffer from any complications .

By 1974 , when he finished Music in Twelve Parts , Glass 's ideas had crystallized in two techniques he calls ‘ additive process ’ and ‘ cyclic structure ’ .
by 1974 , when he finished music in twelve parts , glass 's ideas had crystallized in two [ways] he calls ‘ additive process ’ and ‘ cyclic structure ’ .

When the two techniques are combined with harmonic progressions , the results can be fascinating .
when the two [ways] are combined with harmonic progressions , the results can be fascinating .

The statistical viability of random sampling is then compared with the non or semi-statistical viability of the other two techniques , which , in turn , may be more cost effective relative to market research objectives .
the statistical viability of random sampling is then compared with the non or semi-statistical viability of the other two [ways] , which , in turn , may be more cost effective relative to market research objectives .

Once this preliminary or " pilot " research has been carried out , the main field investigation can be constructed and then carried out , using the various techniques already described in Chapter 3 and in this chapter .
once this preliminary or " pilot " research has been carried out , the main field investigation can be constructed and then carried out , using the various [ways] already described in chapter 3 and in this chapter .

Describe and comment on the techniques of quota and judgement sampling .
describe and comment on the [ways] of quota and judgement sampling .

Forecasting techniques can be divided into two main types , namely quantitative and qualitative .
forecasting [ways] can be divided into two main types , namely quantitative and qualitative .

The advantages to a business of making use of planning and forecasting techniques are then described .
the advantages to a business of making use of planning and forecasting [ways] are then described .

8 Quantitative Forecasting Techniques
8 quantitative forecasting [ways]

This second chapter on sales and market forecasting deals with quantitative forecasting techniques .
this second chapter on sales and market forecasting deals with quantitative forecasting [ways] .

These techniques are based on subjective , statistical and explanatory methods .
these [ways] are based on subjective , statistical and explanatory methods .

Whatever the method chosen , these quantitative techniques are used for the construction of specific sales and market forecasts , whether it be at the level of the sales territory , market segment , national or even international market .
whatever the method chosen , these quantitative [ways] are used for the construction of specific sales and market forecasts , whether it be at the level of the sales territory , market segment , national or even international market .

1 ) Forecasting techniques
1 ) forecasting [ways]

2 ) Quantitative forecasting techniques
2 ) quantitative forecasting [ways]

3 ) Subjective forecasting techniques 3.1 ) Sales force composite method 3.2 ) Juries of executive opinion 3.3 ) Surveys of buyer intentions
3 ) subjective forecasting [ways] 3.1 ) sales force composite method 3.2 ) juries of executive opinion 3.3 ) surveys of buyer intentions

4 ) Statistical forecasting techniques 4.1 ) Moving averages 4.2 ) Exponential smoothing 4.3 ) Decomposition or time-series analysis 4.4 ) Trend extrapolation and curve fitting
4 ) statistical forecasting [ways] 4.1 ) moving averages 4.2 ) exponential smoothing 4.3 ) decomposition or time-series analysis 4.4 ) trend extrapolation and curve fitting

5 ) Explanatory forecasting techniques 5.1 ) Operational research models 5.2 ) Management System Dynamics 5.3 ) Macroeconomic and econometric forecasting
5 ) explanatory forecasting [ways] 5.1 ) operational research models 5.2 ) management system dynamics 5.3 ) macroeconomic and econometric forecasting

There is a wide variety of forecasting techniques , which can usefully be divided into two categories , namely quantitative and qualitative .
there is a wide variety of forecasting [ways] , which can usefully be divided into two categories , namely quantitative and qualitative .

The point should also be made that many of these techniques are statistically and technically complex , often requiring computerised operation .
the point should also be made that many of these [ways] are statistically and technically complex , often requiring computerised operation .

Forecasting Techniques
forecasting [ways]

Statistical methods moving averages Methods include exponential smoothing scenario development decomposition analysis Delphi techniques trend extrapolation and cross-impact analysis curve fitting
statistical methods moving averages methods include exponential smoothing scenario development decomposition analysis delphi [ways] trend extrapolation and cross-impact analysis curve fitting

Explanatory techniques operational research management system dynamics macroeconomic and econometric forecasting
explanatory [ways] operational research management system dynamics macroeconomic and econometric forecasting

Quantitative forecasting techniques comprise three main groups , each of which will be considered in turn . These groups are : Subjective Statistical Causal
quantitative forecasting [ways] comprise three main groups , each of which will be considered in turn . these groups are : subjective statistical causal

Whatever the method chosen , these techniques are used for the construction of specific sales and market forecasts , whether it be at the level of the sales territory , market segment ( see later chapter ) , national or even international market .
whatever the method chosen , these [ways] are used for the construction of specific sales and market forecasts , whether it be at the level of the sales territory , market segment ( see later chapter ) , national or even international market .

These are techniques that may be used for longer term forecasting , perhaps for periods of two or more years ahead .
these are [ways] that may be used for longer term forecasting , perhaps for periods of two or more years ahead .

They are in part based upon the statistical techniques described above , but use whatever mathematical form of extrapolation ( forward projection ) that the forecaster considers will be most valid in achieving a prediction .
they are in part based upon the statistical [ways] described above , but use whatever mathematical form of extrapolation ( forward projection ) that the forecaster considers will be most valid in achieving a prediction .

There are two main categories of explanatory ( or `` causal `` ) forecasting techniques .
there are two main categories of explanatory ( or `` causal `` ) forecasting [ways] .

These techniques are normally used to assist , augment and inform the quantitative forecasting process .
these [ways] are normally used to assist , augment and inform the quantitative forecasting process .

Quantitative forecasting These can be divided into three techniques categories , namely subjective , statistical , causal .
quantitative forecasting these can be divided into three [ways] categories , namely subjective , statistical , causal .

Subjective forecasting There are three main types : ( i ) techniques salesforce composite method which uses estimates of future sales made by salesforce and sales management personnel ; ( ii ) juries of executive opinion are groups of senior managers and/or outside trade representatives brought together to offer a combined judgement about market trends and existing/proposed sales forecasts ; ( iii ) surveys of buyer intentions are taken from industrial markets dominated by small numbers of large buyers , whose expected or forecast purchases provide the basis for the survey .
subjective forecasting there are three main types : ( i ) [ways] salesforce composite method which uses estimates of future sales made by salesforce and sales management personnel ; ( ii ) juries of executive opinion are groups of senior managers and/or outside trade representatives brought together to offer a combined judgement about market trends and existing/proposed sales forecasts ; ( iii ) surveys of buyer intentions are taken from industrial markets dominated by small numbers of large buyers , whose expected or forecast purchases provide the basis for the survey .

Statistical forecasting Comprise ( i ) moving averages ; ( ii ) casting techniques exponential smoothing ; ( iii ) decomposition or time-series analysis ; ( iv ) trend extrapolation and curve fitting .
statistical forecasting comprise ( i ) moving averages ; ( ii ) casting [ways] exponential smoothing ; ( iii ) decomposition or time-series analysis ; ( iv ) trend extrapolation and curve fitting .

Explanatory forecasting These techniques are used to assist , techniques augment and inform the quantitative forecasting process , giving depth , colour and understanding to the issues at hand .
explanatory forecasting these [ways] are used to assist , [ways] augment and inform the quantitative forecasting process , giving depth , colour and understanding to the issues at hand .

They provide a broad context by which to guide the more specific calculations and assumptions made by other quantitative techniques .
they provide a broad context by which to guide the more specific calculations and assumptions made by other quantitative [ways] .

9 Qualitative Forecasting Techniques
9 qualitative forecasting [ways]

This third chapter on sales and market forecasting deals with qualitative forecasting techniques .
this third chapter on sales and market forecasting deals with qualitative forecasting [ways] .

Qualitative forecasting techniques are used to assist and augment the quantitative forecasting process described in the previous chapter .
qualitative forecasting [ways] are used to assist and augment the quantitative forecasting process described in the previous chapter .

1 ) Qualitative forecasting techniques 1.1 ) Scenario development 1.2 ) Delphi techniques 1.3 ) Cross-impact analysis 1.4 ) Value profiles 2 ) Choice of forecasting method 3 ) Forecast of market share 4 ) Summary Questions for self-review Examination questions
1 ) qualitative forecasting [ways] 1.1 ) scenario development 1.2 ) delphi [ways] 1.3 ) cross-impact analysis 1.4 ) value profiles 2 ) choice of forecasting method 3 ) forecast of market share 4 ) summary questions for self-review examination questions

The application of qualitative techniques is a recognition that sales or market forecasting is not carried out in isolation from the external environment in which the enterprise operates .
the application of qualitative [ways] is a recognition that sales or market forecasting is not carried out in isolation from the external environment in which the enterprise operates .

1.2 ) Delphi techniques .
1.2 ) delphi [ways] .

4 ) Analyse and compare the main techniques of quantitative forecasting .
4 ) analyse and compare the main [ways] of quantitative forecasting .

5 ) Analyse and compare the main techniques of qualitative forecasting .
5 ) analyse and compare the main [ways] of qualitative forecasting .

This process of identification and analysis may be carried out in a number of ways , for instance : * by Using intuition based upon an interpretation of existing knowledge of the market ; * by Using any of the wide array of market research techniques , based on internal sources of information about the market , and field research .
this process of identification and analysis may be carried out in a number of ways , for instance : * by using intuition based upon an interpretation of existing knowledge of the market ; * by using any of the wide array of market research [ways] , based on internal sources of information about the market , and field research .

Segmentation This may be carried out on the basis of ( i ) intuition techniques and product and interpretation ; or ( ii ) use of market research positioning data ( suitably re-arranged and interpreted ) ; or ( iii ) using an analysis of attribute sets .
segmentation this may be carried out on the basis of ( i ) intuition [ways] and product and interpretation ; or ( ii ) use of market research positioning data ( suitably re-arranged and interpreted ) ; or ( iii ) using an analysis of attribute sets .

Each of these chapters contained at least some description of how the concepts and techniques they described could be put to practical use to build up market knowledge .
each of these chapters contained at least some description of how the concepts and [ways] they described could be put to practical use to build up market knowledge .

Techniques of consumer targeting are an important additional input to market analysis , segmentation and planning .
[ways] of consumer targeting are an important additional input to market analysis , segmentation and planning .

Such techniques may be used to assist and augment the processes of market segmentation , research and forecasting .
such [ways] may be used to assist and augment the processes of market segmentation , research and forecasting .

These techniques of consumer targeting are now so widely applied that a separate chapter must be devoted to them .
these [ways] of consumer targeting are now so widely applied that a separate chapter must be devoted to them .

The Marketing Mix can be defined as the combination of detailed strategies ; tactics ; operational policies , programmes , techniques and activities , to which resources may be allocated such that the company 's marketing objectives are achieved .
the marketing mix can be defined as the combination of detailed strategies ; tactics ; operational policies , programmes , [ways] and activities , to which resources may be allocated such that the company 's marketing objectives are achieved .

These concepts , activities and techniques will yield market intelligence and marketing information .
these concepts , activities and [ways] will yield market intelligence and marketing information .

The Marketing Mix was defined in Section 1 above as the combination of detailed strategies ; tactics ; operational policies , programmes , techniques and activities , to which resources may be allocated such that the company 's marketing objectives are achieved .
the marketing mix was defined in section 1 above as the combination of detailed strategies ; tactics ; operational policies , programmes , [ways] and activities , to which resources may be allocated such that the company 's marketing objectives are achieved .

34 Sales promotion techniques .
34 sales promotion [ways] .

This is a major improvement on traditional laboratory techniques which use radiation .
this is a major improvement on traditional laboratory [ways] which use radiation .

Her secondment is typical of number being planned by the Metropolitan Police to improve their management techniques and to broaden the experience of talented officers .
her secondment is typical of number being planned by the metropolitan police to improve their management [ways] and to broaden the experience of talented officers .

There used to be techniques for keeping your personal space personal ; the sort of essential info that every seasoned traveller knows .
there used to be [ways] for keeping your personal space personal ; the sort of essential info that every seasoned traveller knows .

The missa parodia was , of course , nothing new but these composers devoted themselves to it almost exclusively and developed new techniques .
the missa parodia was , of course , nothing new but these composers devoted themselves to it almost exclusively and developed new [ways] .

So long as religious music and sophisticated secular music shared the common techniques of imitative polyphony they naturally preserved a relationship the closeness of which is demonstrated by the numerous paraphrase Masses based on madrigals or chansons .
so long as religious music and sophisticated secular music shared the common [ways] of imitative polyphony they naturally preserved a relationship the closeness of which is demonstrated by the numerous paraphrase masses based on madrigals or chansons .

There were no French madrigalists but , beginning in the 1560s , the native polyphonic chanson was given new life by the immensely popular example of Lassus , whose chansons are often shot through with madrigalian techniques .
there were no french madrigalists but , beginning in the 1560s , the native polyphonic chanson was given new life by the immensely popular example of lassus , whose chansons are often shot through with madrigalian [ways] .

This has enabled staff to match their management techniques to an agreed standard and children have thereby experienced a more consistent approach .
this has enabled staff to match their management [ways] to an agreed standard and children have thereby experienced a more consistent approach .

No single teaching strategy , set of interpersonal techniques , no one package of in-service training materials can produce nationwide and instant results .
no single teaching strategy , set of interpersonal [ways] , no one package of in-service training materials can produce nationwide and instant results .

These production developments are loosely termed ‘ advanced manufacturing techniques ’ but , in fact , cover a variety of developments ( see Berliner and Brimson , 1988 , and Lee , 1987 , for reviews of them ) . One way of classifying such developments is as follows :
these production developments are loosely termed ‘ advanced manufacturing [ways] ’ but , in fact , cover a variety of developments ( see berliner and brimson , 1988 , and lee , 1987 , for reviews of them ) . one way of classifying such developments is as follows :

It is therefore most important that students of accounting and economics should see their tools and techniques within the organizational context in which they will have to be used .
it is therefore most important that students of accounting and economics should see their tools and [ways] within the organizational context in which they will have to be used .

Each machinist was given virtually an entire garment to produce as a more satisfying method of working than ‘ production line ’ techniques .
each machinist was given virtually an entire garment to produce as a more satisfying method of working than ‘ production line ’ [ways] .

It thus differs from business education whose concern is more broadly based in terms of areas of knowledge and the techniques relevant to business operations , though , of course , there is a good deal of overlap between the two subject areas .
it thus differs from business education whose concern is more broadly based in terms of areas of knowledge and the [ways] relevant to business operations , though , of course , there is a good deal of overlap between the two subject areas .

Inheritance can be studied in continuously varying traits , but slightly different techniques are needed — the techniques of quantitative genetics .
inheritance can be studied in continuously varying traits , but slightly different [ways] are needed — the [ways] of quantitative genetics .

When animals do not fall into a few simple categories , quantitative genetic techniques become more practical .
when animals do not fall into a few simple categories , quantitative genetic [ways] become more practical .

When inheritance is controlled by many genes , the cruder techniques of quantitative genetics can be applied .
when inheritance is controlled by many genes , the cruder [ways] of quantitative genetics can be applied .

But longer distance homing must require other techniques .
but longer distance homing must require other [ways] .

Let us now consider the techniques of the salmon .
let us now consider the [ways] of the salmon .

The exact techniques used by different species are determined by the nature of their diet and predators , or , in other words , by their ecology .
the exact [ways] used by different species are determined by the nature of their diet and predators , or , in other words , by their ecology .

The hunting techniques we have just discussed for wolves and African dogs are made use of in the training of sheepdogs .
the hunting [ways] we have just discussed for wolves and african dogs are made use of in the training of sheepdogs .

Animal techniques of searching and catching food are fitted to their prey .
animal [ways] of searching and catching food are fitted to their prey .

He could achieve this by either of two techniques .
he could achieve this by either of two [ways] .

Lorton 's techniques were crude , but unfortunately they were also effective .
lorton 's [ways] were crude , but unfortunately they were also effective .

Her domineering managerial techniques must have prejudiced the jury against her still more .
her domineering managerial [ways] must have prejudiced the jury against her still more .

On a more general level , the treatment of the figures in terms of simple , angular shapes or planes arranged in shallow depth foreshadows some of the later techniques which Picasso and Braque evolved to suggest the forms of solid objects and their relationship to the space around them .
on a more general level , the treatment of the figures in terms of simple , angular shapes or planes arranged in shallow depth foreshadows some of the later [ways] which picasso and braque evolved to suggest the forms of solid objects and their relationship to the space around them .

And they were reacting not only against the art of the past fifty years but also against the techniques and traditions of vision that had shaped Western painting since the scientific discoveries of the early Renaissance .
and they were reacting not only against the art of the past fifty years but also against the [ways] and traditions of vision that had shaped western painting since the scientific discoveries of the early renaissance .

( 2 ) option two : ‘ drawing the boundaries ’ through techniques
( 2 ) option two : ‘ drawing the boundaries ’ through [ways]

Intellectual honesty may well require a better explanation as to why an act is unreasonable than that which has been provided by the courts using traditional techniques of review .
intellectual honesty may well require a better explanation as to why an act is unreasonable than that which has been provided by the courts using traditional [ways] of review .

Better results than this can be achieved by sampling techniques in these circumstances .
better results than this can be achieved by sampling [ways] in these circumstances .

The most widely used techniques of inspection apart from 100 % inspection are random sampling , where batches are concerned , or continuous sampling , in mass-production .
the most widely used [ways] of inspection apart from 100 % inspection are random sampling , where batches are concerned , or continuous sampling , in mass-production .

The scope for detailed questions on quantitative techniques in the examinations covered by this manual is very limited .
the scope for detailed questions on quantitative [ways] in the examinations covered by this manual is very limited .

However , in general questions about control in management , some reference ought to be made to the increasing number of mathematical and other techniques which are now available to management in the execution of their planning and controlling activities .
however , in general questions about control in management , some reference ought to be made to the increasing number of mathematical and other [ways] which are now available to management in the execution of their planning and controlling activities .

This chapter provides a summary of the principal techniques which examiners could reasonably ask of candidates .
this chapter provides a summary of the principal [ways] which examiners could reasonably ask of candidates .

The object in this chapter is to convey something of the nature and application of these techniques without going into detailed descriptions .
the object in this chapter is to convey something of the nature and application of these [ways] without going into detailed descriptions .

The techniques which will be outlined in this chapter are Network Analysis ( especially Critical Path Method and Programme Evaluation and Review Technique ) , Simulation and Inventory Control .
the [ways] which will be outlined in this chapter are network analysis ( especially critical path method and programme evaluation and review technique ) , simulation and inventory control .

Before going on to describe the basic features of these techniques , a few words are necessary about the general field of quantitative techniques .
before going on to describe the basic features of these [ways] , a few words are necessary about the general field of quantitative [ways] .

The label given to such techniques varies considerably .
the label given to such [ways] varies considerably .

Network analysis is the term used to embrace a number of techniques for the planning and control of complex projects .
network analysis is the term used to embrace a number of [ways] for the planning and control of complex projects .

Simulation is one of the most widely used quantitative techniques .
simulation is one of the most widely used quantitative [ways] .

Three techniques were looked at in outline : Network Analysis , Simulation , and Inventory Control .
three [ways] were looked at in outline : network analysis , simulation , and inventory control .

The three chapters in this Section have looked briefly at the nature and methods of control , and some of the important techniques which aid control .
the three chapters in this section have looked briefly at the nature and methods of control , and some of the important [ways] which aid control .

Some techniques , especially in mass-production use a combination of sampling and 100 % inspection .
some [ways] , especially in mass-production use a combination of sampling and 100 % inspection .

Important techniques which aid the establishment of control systems are Network Analysis , Simulation and Inventory Control .
important [ways] which aid the establishment of control systems are network analysis , simulation and inventory control .

These techniques are often referred to as Operational Research , or Quantitative Techniques .
these [ways] are often referred to as operational research , or quantitative [ways] .

techniques of selling ( creating interest , dealing with objections , closing a sale etc )
[ways] of selling ( creating interest , dealing with objections , closing a sale etc )

This last question is handled by means of a number of behavioural techniques , which form part of what has been called motivational research .
this last question is handled by means of a number of behavioural [ways] , which form part of what has been called motivational research .

The techniques include in-depth , and less-structured , interviews , discussion groups , role playing and psychological tests .
the [ways] include in-depth , and less-structured , interviews , discussion groups , role playing and psychological tests .

Since science is public knowledge , it is really printed pictures that will most interest us ; and the nineteenth century saw the appearance of a series of new techniques which changed the appearance of scientific books radically .
since science is public knowledge , it is really printed pictures that will most interest us ; and the nineteenth century saw the appearance of a series of new [ways] which changed the appearance of scientific books radically .

Just at the beginning of the century there came two new techniques , which reduced the price of illustration very considerably and brought visual language into the more ordinary works of science and natural history .
just at the beginning of the century there came two new [ways] , which reduced the price of illustration very considerably and brought visual language into the more ordinary works of science and natural history .

This had indeed been one of the aims of the scientific societies of the seventeenth century , such as the Royal Society ; and it was best realized in the superb plates in the Encyclopèdie of Diderot and d'Alembert which show French manufactures in the middle of the eighteenth century , before the industrial revolution changed techniques .
this had indeed been one of the aims of the scientific societies of the seventeenth century , such as the royal society ; and it was best realized in the superb plates in the encyclopèdie of diderot and d'alembert which show french manufactures in the middle of the eighteenth century , before the industrial revolution changed [ways] .

At all times , but increasingly in the later eighteenth and the nineteenth centuries , new techniques have been brought in by observing their use elsewhere what would now be unkindly called industrial espionage — and sometimes by tempting away workmen .
at all times , but increasingly in the later eighteenth and the nineteenth centuries , new [ways] have been brought in by observing their use elsewhere what would now be unkindly called industrial espionage — and sometimes by tempting away workmen .

One of the great names in the new physical astronomy was Norman Lockyer , who rapidly mastered the techniques of spectrum analysis .
one of the great names in the new physical astronomy was norman lockyer , who rapidly mastered the [ways] of spectrum analysis .

The analytical techniques of which he was a master were inadequate to separate these metals completely , and he concluded that they merged into one another , being varieties rather than true species produced by inorganic evolution .
the analytical [ways] of which he was a master were inadequate to separate these metals completely , and he concluded that they merged into one another , being varieties rather than true species produced by inorganic evolution .

As observed in Chapter 1 , the Thatcher government 's general approach has been to couple the application within the public sector of those private managerial techniques perceived as most conducive to value for money — notably objective setting and performance measurement — with an increasing encouragement to greater consumer responsiveness . The philosophy underlying this approach has been aptly summarized by Gray and Jenkins ( 1986 , p. 171 ) :
as observed in chapter 1 , the thatcher government 's general approach has been to couple the application within the public sector of those private managerial [ways] perceived as most conducive to value for money — notably objective setting and performance measurement — with an increasing encouragement to greater consumer responsiveness . the philosophy underlying this approach has been aptly summarized by gray and jenkins ( 1986 , p. 171 ) :

are the relatively simple techniques relating to the facts about costs and outputs — numbers of staff , numbers of applications dealt with capable of being developed to deal with far more complex questions about outcomes : what did this activity actually achieve , in terms of modernizing British industry … improving the nation 's health , or educating it for the 21st century ?
are the relatively simple [ways] relating to the facts about costs and outputs — numbers of staff , numbers of applications dealt with capable of being developed to deal with far more complex questions about outcomes : what did this activity actually achieve , in terms of modernizing british industry … improving the nation 's health , or educating it for the 21st century ?

At root the managerialist approach assumes that private sector managerial techniques can be smoothly implanted into the public sector .
at root the managerialist approach assumes that private sector managerial [ways] can be smoothly implanted into the public sector .

Answering them also requires the development of experimental models in which to test different hypotheses , and measuring techniques refined enough to be able to detect any postulated changes with learning .
answering them also requires the development of experimental models in which to test different hypotheses , and measuring [ways] refined enough to be able to detect any postulated changes with learning .

Until the last few years , the thought that one might have microscopic techniques sensitive enough to actually see tiny changes in the structure of neurons and their synapses as a result of learning seemed improbable — to start with , one would need to have a very good idea where to look and what to measure in the brain .
until the last few years , the thought that one might have microscopic [ways] sensitive enough to actually see tiny changes in the structure of neurons and their synapses as a result of learning seemed improbable — to start with , one would need to have a very good idea where to look and what to measure in the brain .

And fortunately , there were simple techniques available both for the measurement of the rate of protein synthesis and for preventing such synthesis .
and fortunately , there were simple [ways] available both for the measurement of the rate of protein synthesis and for preventing such synthesis .

The slice can therefore be maintained and its electrical properties studied in isolation ; thus the lost McIlwainian techniques of the 1950s were restored to neurobiological fashion in the late 1970s .
the slice can therefore be maintained and its electrical properties studied in isolation ; thus the lost mcilwainian [ways] of the 1950s were restored to neurobiological fashion in the late 1970s .

How can one be sure that what is being seen and counted is ‘ really ’ present in the living brain rather than an artefact , an artificial pattern generated by the techniques required to fix , slice and stain the brain tissue to make it visible ?
how can one be sure that what is being seen and counted is ‘ really ’ present in the living brain rather than an artefact , an artificial pattern generated by the [ways] required to fix , slice and stain the brain tissue to make it visible ?

( 1970 ) , working in the Dry Valleys oasis area of McMurdo Sound ( and using techniques that would later be used for detecting life on Mars ) , reported small populations of bacteria in samples taken even from the driest and least promising areas .
( 1970 ) , working in the dry valleys oasis area of mcmurdo sound ( and using [ways] that would later be used for detecting life on mars ) , reported small populations of bacteria in samples taken even from the driest and least promising areas .

At the time this was barely spelt out , but as the 1960s progressed , the Treasury began to introduce from America a range of new budgeting and cost benefit techniques that can be seen as the means of implementing this objective .
at the time this was barely spelt out , but as the 1960s progressed , the treasury began to introduce from america a range of new budgeting and cost benefit [ways] that can be seen as the means of implementing this objective .

Before that , Boswell reports two other Johnsonian performances , on portrait painting and the techniques of historians .
before that , boswell reports two other johnsonian performances , on portrait painting and the [ways] of historians .

The Catholic population was further incensed by revelations that a dozen internees had been beaten and subjected to sensory deprivation techniques while being interrogated .
the catholic population was further incensed by revelations that a dozen internees had been beaten and subjected to sensory deprivation [ways] while being interrogated .

These ‘ five techniques ’ ( requiring prisoners to wear hoods over their heads unless they were separated from other inmates or being interrogated , having them stand spreadeagled against a wall for up to 43 hours , depriving them of sleep , subjecting them to electronic noise and beating them ) were subsequently condemned as ‘ torture ’ by the European Rights Commission ( Hewitt , 1982:157–8 ) .
these ‘ five [ways] ’ ( requiring prisoners to wear hoods over their heads unless they were separated from other inmates or being interrogated , having them stand spreadeagled against a wall for up to 43 hours , depriving them of sleep , subjecting them to electronic noise and beating them ) were subsequently condemned as ‘ torture ’ by the european rights commission ( hewitt , 1982:157–8 ) .

Hillyard ( 1985 ) perceives direct parallels between the behaviour of the legal authorities in Northern Ireland and techniques used in the 1984–5 coal dispute .
hillyard ( 1985 ) perceives direct parallels between the behaviour of the legal authorities in northern ireland and [ways] used in the 1984–5 coal dispute .

This section demonstrates how , in its choice of language , film-editing techniques and subtle juxtaposition of images and commentary , television news delivered an entirely misleading and politically biased representation of the Battle of Orgreave on 18 June 1984 .
this section demonstrates how , in its choice of language , film-editing [ways] and subtle juxtaposition of images and commentary , television news delivered an entirely misleading and politically biased representation of the battle of orgreave on 18 june 1984 .

The greater emphasis on law-enforcement techniques pushed American urban conflict towards a new phase of ‘ political or conspiratorial violence ’ ( Janowitz , 1969:332 ) .
the greater emphasis on law-enforcement [ways] pushed american urban conflict towards a new phase of ‘ political or conspiratorial violence ’ ( janowitz , 1969:332 ) .

Sophisticated surveillance techniques were used to control crowds at the 1968 Chicago Democratic Convention ( see Chapter 2 ) .
sophisticated surveillance [ways] were used to control crowds at the 1968 chicago democratic convention ( see chapter 2 ) .

In her view , techniques developed in Northern Ireland have become more apparent on the British mainland .
in her view , [ways] developed in northern ireland have become more apparent on the british mainland .

Developments in police-control techniques have been accompanied by a major extension of police powers which encourage their intervention , not only on marches , at demonstrations and mass pickets , but in the everyday affairs of the community .
developments in police-control [ways] have been accompanied by a major extension of police powers which encourage their intervention , not only on marches , at demonstrations and mass pickets , but in the everyday affairs of the community .

The novels enjoyed a limited success , but because most novelists were concerned at the time to redefine the relation of the individual to society in terms of changing values , it was all too easy for readers to focus on the social dimension of Brooke-Rose 's fiction and to overlook those aspects which can in retrospect be seen to prefigure the problems and techniques of her later work .
the novels enjoyed a limited success , but because most novelists were concerned at the time to redefine the relation of the individual to society in terms of changing values , it was all too easy for readers to focus on the social dimension of brooke-rose 's fiction and to overlook those aspects which can in retrospect be seen to prefigure the problems and [ways] of her later work .

They readjust the picture to admit a counter-current of more radical authors or point to the less dramatic use of ‘ experimental ’ and ‘ modernist ’ techniques in the novels of mainstream fiction ( Bradbury 1973:177–7 , 1977:18–20 , 1987:106–11 ; Lodge 1971:9–34 ) .
they readjust the picture to admit a counter-current of more radical authors or point to the less dramatic use of ‘ experimental ’ and ‘ modernist ’ [ways] in the novels of mainstream fiction ( bradbury 1973:177–7 , 1977:18–20 , 1987:106–11 ; lodge 1971:9–34 ) .

Ivy Compton-Burnett , whose elegantly minimal and stylized dialogue has similarities with the narrative technique of Nathalie Sarraute , was appreciated in the 1950s primarily for her wit in portraying the viciousness of social interaction rather than for the techniques she employed .
ivy compton-burnett , whose elegantly minimal and stylized dialogue has similarities with the narrative technique of nathalie sarraute , was appreciated in the 1950s primarily for her wit in portraying the viciousness of social interaction rather than for the [ways] she employed .

In her later novels Brooke-Rose uses techniques such as these to integrate different discourses , but in The Languages of Love linguistic transgression signals a lack of honesty and integrity . Julia uses wit as a means of deflecting the topic of conversation away from serious issues by shifting the referent of a scholarly discussion to the more immediate social situation :
in her later novels brooke-rose uses [ways] such as these to integrate different discourses , but in the languages of love linguistic transgression signals a lack of honesty and integrity . julia uses wit as a means of deflecting the topic of conversation away from serious issues by shifting the referent of a scholarly discussion to the more immediate social situation :

The schema is evident also on a formal level in the breakdown of traditional narrative techniques .
the schema is evident also on a formal level in the breakdown of traditional narrative [ways] .

The radical ‘ para ’ found in both ‘ paradox ’ and ‘ parody ’ provides a spatial model for a variety of techniques displayed in the novels .
the radical ‘ para ’ found in both ‘ paradox ’ and ‘ parody ’ provides a spatial model for a variety of [ways] displayed in the novels .

The feminist arguments in favour of dialogic forms of language use helped her to clarify her own reasons for employing discursive metaphor and parody , and the gendering by feminists of the notion of the ‘ bad copy ’ enabled her to incorporate her own techniques of mis-representation into a readily recognizable social context .
the feminist arguments in favour of dialogic forms of language use helped her to clarify her own reasons for employing discursive metaphor and parody , and the gendering by feminists of the notion of the ‘ bad copy ’ enabled her to incorporate her own [ways] of mis-representation into a readily recognizable social context .

By tacitly demonstrating that the claim of denazification is no more legitimate than the commercial propaganda of television publicity , it levels them semantically and reveals the similarity of the linguistic techniques they use .
by tacitly demonstrating that the claim of denazification is no more legitimate than the commercial propaganda of television publicity , it levels them semantically and reveals the similarity of the linguistic [ways] they use .

This procedure involves two basic linguistic techniques : the anteriorization of discourse with respect to the events it describes , and lexical distortion .
this procedure involves two basic linguistic [ways] : the anteriorization of discourse with respect to the events it describes , and lexical distortion .

Xorandor examines the narrative aspect of the novel by exploring the theoretical problems of story-telling from the point of view of children whose minds have been formed by their exposure to computers ; here techniques specific to narrative are shown to be central to even the most logical of sciences .
xorandor examines the narrative aspect of the novel by exploring the theoretical problems of story-telling from the point of view of children whose minds have been formed by their exposure to computers ; here [ways] specific to narrative are shown to be central to even the most logical of sciences .

This return to the pre-nineteenth-century use of anti-realist techniques is accompanied by a recognition of the wealth of discursive forms which the more narrowly conceived realist novel has left untapped .
this return to the pre-nineteenth-century use of anti-realist [ways] is accompanied by a recognition of the wealth of discursive forms which the more narrowly conceived realist novel has left untapped .

Her stories are a playful mimicry of the techniques of realist writers who use devices such as genealogical trees as ‘ semiological compensation ’ to help the reader assimilate the complex world they have invented .
her stories are a playful mimicry of the [ways] of realist writers who use devices such as genealogical trees as ‘ semiological compensation ’ to help the reader assimilate the complex world they have invented .

They recognize that even the most basic logical processes involve an element of indeterminacy ; they also base their techniques of communication on the strategies of narrative fiction rather than the endless flow of information .
they recognize that even the most basic logical processes involve an element of indeterminacy ; they also base their [ways] of communication on the strategies of narrative fiction rather than the endless flow of information .

In Verbivore Brooke-Rose makes use of techniques that are possible only in prose narrative : the mixing of documentary-like realism with ‘ events ’ which are unthinkable from a visual or aural point of view , and the circular embedding of narrative fragments .
in verbivore brooke-rose makes use of [ways] that are possible only in prose narrative : the mixing of documentary-like realism with ‘ events ’ which are unthinkable from a visual or aural point of view , and the circular embedding of narrative fragments .

Their work , which combines census data with other cross-section information for the 3 years 1961 , 1966 and 1971 , uses econometric techniques to estimate an interdependent model of crime rates and police activity .
their work , which combines census data with other cross-section information for the 3 years 1961 , 1966 and 1971 , uses econometric [ways] to estimate an interdependent model of crime rates and police activity .

For statistical reasons , they used data from England and Wales only , leaving the separate judicial systems of Northern Ireland and Scotland , while acknowledging the experimental use of control techniques in Northern Ireland , and the softening up of public opinion prior to their introduction to the mainland .
for statistical reasons , they used data from england and wales only , leaving the separate judicial systems of northern ireland and scotland , while acknowledging the experimental use of control [ways] in northern ireland , and the softening up of public opinion prior to their introduction to the mainland .

Techniques vary but it is important to work at them until it becomes automatic so that , when the time comes , you do n't need to think about it too much .
[ways] vary but it is important to work at them until it becomes automatic so that , when the time comes , you do n't need to think about it too much .

Entries cover machines , projects , hardware and communication , software , and techniques .
entries cover machines , projects , hardware and communication , software , and [ways] .

With the advent of new target marketing techniques which allow the credit marketer greater scope to define and target appropriate potential customers , credit marketing can employ this traditional wisdom to best effect .
with the advent of new target marketing [ways] which allow the credit marketer greater scope to define and target appropriate potential customers , credit marketing can employ this traditional wisdom to best effect .

The late 1980s and early 1990s have seen lifestyle techniques emerge as the most talked about development in the industry .
the late 1980s and early 1990s have seen lifestyle [ways] emerge as the most talked about development in the industry .

The answer is to combine the two techniques .
the answer is to combine the two [ways] .

Lifestyle database techniques give the marketer the ability to select a limited number of such individuals .
lifestyle database [ways] give the marketer the ability to select a limited number of such individuals .

Data fusion techniques are allowing the credit marketer to harness the strengths of both lifestyle and geodemographic/financial direct marketing systems .
data fusion [ways] are allowing the credit marketer to harness the strengths of both lifestyle and geodemographic/financial direct marketing systems .

The potential offered by data fusion techniques provide the opportunity to capitalise upon the sophistication and accuracy of lifestyle information combined with the volume access to target markets which geodemographics and the Electoral Register can afford .
the potential offered by data fusion [ways] provide the opportunity to capitalise upon the sophistication and accuracy of lifestyle information combined with the volume access to target markets which geodemographics and the electoral register can afford .

Yet with the development of improved risk management techniques , they find that much of the technological infrastructure is already in place .
yet with the development of improved risk management [ways] , they find that much of the technological infrastructure is already in place .

Likewise , the analytical techniques and human skills needed both to build and to apply risk management scorecards can be adapted quite easily to build marketing scorecards , ie models which measure the likelihood of each customer , at any time , being in need of any credit facility .
likewise , the analytical [ways] and human skills needed both to build and to apply risk management scorecards can be adapted quite easily to build marketing scorecards , ie models which measure the likelihood of each customer , at any time , being in need of any credit facility .

There is fierce competition in this lucrative market , with polytechnics and universities mounting recruitment drives in the middle and far east using high-powered sales techniques , some of which are not wholly appropriate and may lead to unrealistic expectations on the part of prospective students .
there is fierce competition in this lucrative market , with polytechnics and universities mounting recruitment drives in the middle and far east using high-powered sales [ways] , some of which are not wholly appropriate and may lead to unrealistic expectations on the part of prospective students .

They go beyond minimum legal levels of consumer protection and could deal , for example , with quality of work and materials , speed of completing jobs and selling techniques .
they go beyond minimum legal levels of consumer protection and could deal , for example , with quality of work and materials , speed of completing jobs and selling [ways] .

Techniques for making the furniture combine traditional and modern constructions , and the resulting prices are reasonable .
[ways] for making the furniture combine traditional and modern constructions , and the resulting prices are reasonable .

Beautifully illustrated throughout , the book is packed with information , often with clear , step-by-step drawings to show techniques .
beautifully illustrated throughout , the book is packed with information , often with clear , step-by-step drawings to show [ways] .

The workshop is open to beginners and experienced photographers who want to improve their photographic techniques .
the workshop is open to beginners and experienced photographers who want to improve their photographic [ways] .

These two videos from Aspen concentrate on skiing techniques .
these two videos from aspen concentrate on skiing [ways] .

Roping techniques are explained in clear detail .
roping [ways] are explained in clear detail .

His Californian origins explain the more detailed knowledge of American mountains and the emphasis on a variety of international techniques , although the absence of ‘ common practices ’ is rightly lamented .
his californian origins explain the more detailed knowledge of american mountains and the emphasis on a variety of international [ways] , although the absence of ‘ common practices ’ is rightly lamented .

In each of the four videos , Alwyn teaches about watercolour materials and different techniques .
in each of the four videos , alwyn teaches about watercolour materials and different [ways] .

When pure watercolour painting was developed in England in the 19th century , the French were developing gouache painting techniques which were just as successful and appealing .
when pure watercolour painting was developed in england in the 19th century , the french were developing gouache painting [ways] which were just as successful and appealing .

He starts by showing the reader the very minimum of materials required to get painting : six basic colours are suggested , from which different permutations are obtained using easily understood mixing techniques .
he starts by showing the reader the very minimum of materials required to get painting : six basic colours are suggested , from which different permutations are obtained using easily understood mixing [ways] .

Techniques such as wet-into-wet , dry-into-wet , washes and so on are discussed .
[ways] such as wet-into-wet , dry-into-wet , washes and so on are discussed .

As well as explanation of painting techniques , Alwyn deals with drawing , perspective , painting from photographs and other relevant subjects .
as well as explanation of painting [ways] , alwyn deals with drawing , perspective , painting from photographs and other relevant subjects .

It was possible to teach one single set of paddling techniques because all boats could be assumed to work in roughly the same way .
it was possible to teach one single set of paddling [ways] because all boats could be assumed to work in roughly the same way .

There is now a massive variety in boat shapes , needing variations in the techniques we teach .
there is now a massive variety in boat shapes , needing variations in the [ways] we teach .

From health and nutrition to high energy physics , from caring for babies to the latest manufacturing techniques — the choice is yours .
from health and nutrition to high energy physics , from caring for babies to the latest manufacturing [ways] — the choice is yours .

These are one or two week shore based holidays , sailing mainly in the local area , learning the sport and developing techniques , occasionally with an option to play with sailing dinghies .
these are one or two week shore based holidays , sailing mainly in the local area , learning the sport and developing [ways] , occasionally with an option to play with sailing dinghies .

Intermediates have a weekly cycle of chats on spinnakers , trapezes , catamaran handling and performance sailing techniques , and with practice and a little coaching rapidly develop their skills .
intermediates have a weekly cycle of chats on spinnakers , trapezes , catamaran handling and performance sailing [ways] , and with practice and a little coaching rapidly develop their skills .

The only company which did not show a negative Z-Score in advance of failure was Polly Peck , which serves to demonstrate that even such advanced techniques of analysis are dependent on the quality of the underlying data .
the only company which did not show a negative z-score in advance of failure was polly peck , which serves to demonstrate that even such advanced [ways] of analysis are dependent on the quality of the underlying data .

We can now offer automated risk assessment systems combining statistical scoring techniques and the advancing technology of expert systems in support of more profitable lending decisions .
we can now offer automated risk assessment systems combining statistical scoring [ways] and the advancing technology of expert systems in support of more profitable lending decisions .

Relaxation is a skill that has to be learned , and the techniques that you will be taught at the workshop can be applied to any area of your life .
relaxation is a skill that has to be learned , and the [ways] that you will be taught at the workshop can be applied to any area of your life .

There are lots of simple techniques — all fully explained in Angela Caine 's The Voice Workbook ( Hodder and Stoughton , £11.99 , including audio cassette ) — which quickly help the voice develop its strength .
there are lots of simple [ways] — all fully explained in angela caine 's the voice workbook ( hodder and stoughton , £11.99 , including audio cassette ) — which quickly help the voice develop its strength .

Ways to deal with a child perfectionist … memory tricks and techniques for exam revision … rude rhymes illustrated by Maurice Sendak
ways to deal with a child perfectionist … memory tricks and [ways] for exam revision … rude rhymes illustrated by maurice sendak

As a result , she may use all sorts of techniques , such as losing exercise books or side-tracking the teacher .
as a result , she may use all sorts of [ways] , such as losing exercise books or side-tracking the teacher .

Encouraging women to first express and then try to ‘ let go ’ of their previously suppressed fears and anxieties — usually through visualisation techniques and helping them to attain very deep states of relaxation — can , she maintains , eventually eliminate phobias , depression , psycho-sexual and reproductive disorders , as well as more general tiredness and tension .
encouraging women to first express and then try to ‘ let go ’ of their previously suppressed fears and anxieties — usually through visualisation [ways] and helping them to attain very deep states of relaxation — can , she maintains , eventually eliminate phobias , depression , psycho-sexual and reproductive disorders , as well as more general tiredness and tension .

Lowered pulse , heart and respiratory rate , reduced blood pressure , lactate and cholesterol levels are just some of the health benefits experienced by those who regularly practise these techniques .
lowered pulse , heart and respiratory rate , reduced blood pressure , lactate and cholesterol levels are just some of the health benefits experienced by those who regularly practise these [ways] .

But for those who are unable or unwilling to put aside the time to meditate regularly , or who are more conscious of bodily stress , such techniques as acupuncture , postural integration and taking dietary supplements may also prove effective antidotes to the ravages of time .
but for those who are unable or unwilling to put aside the time to meditate regularly , or who are more conscious of bodily stress , such [ways] as acupuncture , postural integration and taking dietary supplements may also prove effective antidotes to the ravages of time .

Osteopath Janet Hutchins combines a variety of manipulative techniques , including Shiatsu , to correct spinal dislocation — a major source of tension and fatigue .
osteopath janet hutchins combines a variety of manipulative [ways] , including shiatsu , to correct spinal dislocation — a major source of tension and fatigue .

Now aged 38 , Harwood has been making things , perfecting techniques and designing for the last twenty years but is barely known outside a small group of cognoscenti .
now aged 38 , harwood has been making things , perfecting [ways] and designing for the last twenty years but is barely known outside a small group of cognoscenti .

Wood has been able to bring several skills to his work — his Ordnance Survey abilities , learnt during his army service , and various mapping techniques — which must have proved invaluable .
wood has been able to bring several skills to his work — his ordnance survey abilities , learnt during his army service , and various mapping [ways] — which must have proved invaluable .

Having been involved in displays of this kind for some years , the northwest clubs ' displays were very elaborate and some clever display techniques were seen .
having been involved in displays of this kind for some years , the northwest clubs ' displays were very elaborate and some clever display [ways] were seen .

Your first attempts afloat will be controlled by the instructor who will allow you to practise the new techniques before returning to the simulator for coaching .
your first attempts afloat will be controlled by the instructor who will allow you to practise the new [ways] before returning to the simulator for coaching .

It 'll be suitable for different sizes of people in a variety of conditions , but wo n't be suitable for more sophisticated windsurfing techniques .
it 'll be suitable for different sizes of people in a variety of conditions , but wo n't be suitable for more sophisticated windsurfing [ways] .

Not that all boards are n't fun — the funboard describes a group of boards which may be a little unstable during the first steps afloat , but can be used in higher winds allowing the sailor to develop techniques such as the use of footstraps to cope with the speed of sailing in strong winds .
not that all boards are n't fun — the funboard describes a group of boards which may be a little unstable during the first steps afloat , but can be used in higher winds allowing the sailor to develop [ways] such as the use of footstraps to cope with the speed of sailing in strong winds .

An interesting study , this , of the varying techniques with which different men approached the moment of truth .
an interesting study , this , of the varying [ways] with which different men approached the moment of truth .

The growing market in visual pornography , with the improvement of photographic techniques , provides the most striking illustration of the way male sexuality was being socially shaped .
the growing market in visual pornography , with the improvement of photographic [ways] , provides the most striking illustration of the way male sexuality was being socially shaped .

This history of purity forces us to reassess accounts of ‘ modern sexuality ’ , such as Foucault 's , which stress the subordination of legal controls to the growth of more dispersed techniques of discursive power .
this history of purity forces us to reassess accounts of ‘ modern sexuality ’ , such as foucault 's , which stress the subordination of legal controls to the growth of more dispersed [ways] of discursive power .

This perhaps links with the lack of awareness of Britain as a multilingual society referred to above — on the whole teaching methods seem to be conceived of a primarily technical , with little regard for the links between techniques and methods used and more general educational and social questions .
this perhaps links with the lack of awareness of britain as a multilingual society referred to above — on the whole teaching methods seem to be conceived of a primarily technical , with little regard for the links between [ways] and methods used and more general educational and social questions .

The Structure of Modern English : an introduction intended to familiarise students with the scope and techniques of Modern Language study .
the structure of modern english : an introduction intended to familiarise students with the scope and [ways] of modern language study .

Language Acquisition : — Contrasted theoretical approaches , techniques employed for assembling data ; first evidence of language ; emergence of grammatical patterns ; later stages in grammatical development ; language and meaning ; abnormalities in language acquisition .
language acquisition : — contrasted theoretical approaches , [ways] employed for assembling data ; first evidence of language ; emergence of grammatical patterns ; later stages in grammatical development ; language and meaning ; abnormalities in language acquisition .

Consequently , presentation techniques tended to get highlighted at the expense of the developmental .
consequently , presentation [ways] tended to get highlighted at the expense of the developmental .

Students have carried out small empirical investigations using tape recorders , video equipment and various forms of interviewing and observational techniques — objective and non-objective , structured and unstructured .
students have carried out small empirical investigations using tape recorders , video equipment and various forms of interviewing and observational [ways] — objective and non-objective , structured and unstructured .

the Post-graduate Diploma in Community Interpreting Training Techniques
the post-graduate diploma in community interpreting training [ways]

i ) the Bilingual Skills Certificate . ii ) the Certificate of Community Interpreting and iii ) the Post Graduate Diploma in Community Interpreter Training Techniques
i ) the bilingual skills certificate . ii ) the certificate of community interpreting and iii ) the post graduate diploma in community interpreter training [ways]

iii ) The most recent pilot course has been the first Post-Graduate Diploma course in Interpreting Training Techniques , funded , like the other pilots , by the Nuffield Foundation and held at the Polytechnic of Central London in 1989 .
iii ) the most recent pilot course has been the first post-graduate diploma course in interpreting training [ways] , funded , like the other pilots , by the nuffield foundation and held at the polytechnic of central london in 1989 .

One has to develop a bilingual atmosphere in this kind of training , and use techniques which will foster this .
one has to develop a bilingual atmosphere in this kind of training , and use [ways] which will foster this .

The first postgraduate diploma course in community interpreter training techniques ( Dip .
the first postgraduate diploma course in community interpreter training [ways] ( dip .

Obviously the course centred on training techniques for adult students , with which you will all be familiar .
obviously the course centred on training [ways] for adult students , with which you will all be familiar .

Fourth : new found techniques of operation .
fourth : new found [ways] of operation .

Techniques and methods
[ways] and methods

The techniques of urban renewal remained to be filled in with regard to housing design and layout .
the [ways] of urban renewal remained to be filled in with regard to housing design and layout .

The basic ingredients were provided by the painstaking but imaginative experimentation in the 1940s based on Abercrombie 's grand strategy , Pepler 's attention to procedures and Holford 's team 's introduction of new techniques .
the basic ingredients were provided by the painstaking but imaginative experimentation in the 1940s based on abercrombie 's grand strategy , pepler 's attention to procedures and holford 's team 's introduction of new [ways] .

Better dredging techniques allowed even amateurs to collect bottom-dwelling species .
better dredging [ways] allowed even amateurs to collect bottom-dwelling species .

Humboldt introduced similar techniques to display the characteristics of the flora to be found in different regions .
humboldt introduced similar [ways] to display the characteristics of the flora to be found in different regions .

But Macoun was there during an unusually wet season , and when the first white settlers arrived they faced immense hardship until they developed techniques for coping with this semi-arid environment .
but macoun was there during an unusually wet season , and when the first white settlers arrived they faced immense hardship until they developed [ways] for coping with this semi-arid environment .

He developed statistical techniques to study the variability of wild populations and to measure changes in the range of variability over time .
he developed statistical [ways] to study the variability of wild populations and to measure changes in the range of variability over time .

His disciple , Karl Pearson ( 1857–1936 ) , built upon these techniques to provide detailed arguments defending the selection mechanism against its critics .
his disciple , karl pearson ( 1857–1936 ) , built upon these [ways] to provide detailed arguments defending the selection mechanism against its critics .

Evolutionism played only a minor role because it was associated with the old , rather amateurish techniques that led to unlimited speculation .
evolutionism played only a minor role because it was associated with the old , rather amateurish [ways] that led to unlimited speculation .

Field studies would become scientific by adopting the techniques of measurement and quantification that had proved so effective in the ‘ hard sciences ’ .
field studies would become scientific by adopting the [ways] of measurement and quantification that had proved so effective in the ‘ hard sciences ’ .

Ernst Haeckel ( who described some of the Challenger specimens ) argued that Hensen 's sampling techniques must have been faulty , but further studies gradually confirmed his results .
ernst haeckel ( who described some of the challenger specimens ) argued that hensen 's sampling [ways] must have been faulty , but further studies gradually confirmed his results .

When she married she continued to use these techniques although they were no longer relevant in a relationship which required different skills , but for her , this was a foreign country .
when she married she continued to use these [ways] although they were no longer relevant in a relationship which required different skills , but for her , this was a foreign country .

Many women must have wondered how men would cope if the same scraping and probing techniques were carried out routinely on male genitalia .
many women must have wondered how men would cope if the same scraping and probing [ways] were carried out routinely on male genitalia .

The pressure is inevitably on getting the nursing techniques ‘ right ’ .
the pressure is inevitably on getting the nursing [ways] ‘ right ’ .

The massive anxiety aroused by these conflicts has to be resolved , or else the nurse will either drop out of training as a ‘ failure ’ , or resolve the conflict by reverting to defensive techniques .
the massive anxiety aroused by these conflicts has to be resolved , or else the nurse will either drop out of training as a ‘ failure ’ , or resolve the conflict by reverting to defensive [ways] .

We are constantly being offered esoteric techniques of relaxation and meditation to counteract stress , yet choose to ignore what is naturally available or are ashamed to use it .
we are constantly being offered esoteric [ways] of relaxation and meditation to counteract stress , yet choose to ignore what is naturally available or are ashamed to use it .

Thus the approach in the report has been to state the differing philosophies as well as stating what is , at present , practically and commercially acceptable to all , to show what techniques and systems may be available in the future .
thus the approach in the report has been to state the differing philosophies as well as stating what is , at present , practically and commercially acceptable to all , to show what [ways] and systems may be available in the future .

— Automatic or man-rider stacker-cranes contained in conventional or rack supported buildings — using live storage block stacking techniques .
— automatic or man-rider stacker-cranes contained in conventional or rack supported buildings — using live storage block stacking [ways] .

Separating doors , hatches , shutters should be given careful consideration and the method of operation related to the systems of detection , warning or similar techniques employed for emergency action .
separating doors , hatches , shutters should be given careful consideration and the method of operation related to the systems of detection , warning or similar [ways] employed for emergency action .

Again , though , it is the acquisition of stratified techniques in which , at the highest level , only the few are competent .
again , though , it is the acquisition of stratified [ways] in which , at the highest level , only the few are competent .

The underlying idea here is that reason can be more than going through the techniques and operations that reason demands ; and more than paying attention to particular truth claims .
the underlying idea here is that reason can be more than going through the [ways] and operations that reason demands ; and more than paying attention to particular truth claims .

Admittedly , not all practical activities are as routine as many laboratory techniques ; they often have a degree of open-endedness built into them , demanding a personal response from the student .
admittedly , not all practical activities are as routine as many laboratory [ways] ; they often have a degree of open-endedness built into them , demanding a personal response from the student .

The danger of the current developments is two-fold : that they are likely to lead to the curriculum becoming dominated by technique ; and that the techniques in question are imported from the outside world , and are imposed arbitrarily upon , and unconnected with , the curriculum .
the danger of the current developments is two-fold : that they are likely to lead to the curriculum becoming dominated by technique ; and that the [ways] in question are imported from the outside world , and are imposed arbitrarily upon , and unconnected with , the curriculum .

Most of the techniques are simple and , generally , based on common sense .
most of the [ways] are simple and , generally , based on common sense .

High precision graphics tablets , also known as digitisers because they reduce analogue shapes to digital information , use a wide variety of techniques to produce the required information .
high precision graphics tablets , also known as digitisers because they reduce analogue shapes to digital information , use a wide variety of [ways] to produce the required information .

High precision graphics tablets , also known as digitisers because they reduce analogue shapes to digit information , use a wide variety of techniques to produce the required information .
high precision graphics tablets , also known as digitisers because they reduce analogue shapes to digit information , use a wide variety of [ways] to produce the required information .

a handheld pointing device using either mechanical motion or special optical techniques to convert the movement of the user 's hand into movements of the cursor on the screen .
a handheld pointing device using either mechanical motion or special optical [ways] to convert the movement of the user 's hand into movements of the cursor on the screen .

This kind of view is reasonably common in managerial literature , which attempts to come up with training and motivational techniques for dealing with conflicts which arise in what are seen as potentially ‘ conflict-free , organisations .
this kind of view is reasonably common in managerial literature , which attempts to come up with training and motivational [ways] for dealing with conflicts which arise in what are seen as potentially ‘ conflict-free , organisations .

It is important to remember that management techniques such as time and motion study , financial controls etc are used by high producing managers ‘ at least as completely as by the low producing managers , but in quite different ways .
it is important to remember that management [ways] such as time and motion study , financial controls etc are used by high producing managers ‘ at least as completely as by the low producing managers , but in quite different ways .

Leaders influence those aspects of their subordinates ' interests , energies and drive which can not be harnessed by simple organisation structure , job definitions , or more formal management techniques .
leaders influence those aspects of their subordinates ' interests , energies and drive which can not be harnessed by simple organisation structure , job definitions , or more formal management [ways] .

Quantifiable problems can be resolved by mathematical techniques , to produce a quantifiable decision .
quantifiable problems can be resolved by mathematical [ways] , to produce a quantifiable decision .

‘ When the firms were grouped according to similarity of objectives and techniques of production , and classified in order of the technical complexity of the production systems , each production system was found to be associated with a characteristic pattern of organisation .
‘ when the firms were grouped according to similarity of objectives and [ways] of production , and classified in order of the technical complexity of the production systems , each production system was found to be associated with a characteristic pattern of organisation .

Different objectives of different finns controlled and limited the techniques of production they could use ( eg. a firm developing prototypes of electronic equipment can not go in for mass-production ) .
different objectives of different finns controlled and limited the [ways] of production they could use ( eg. a firm developing prototypes of electronic equipment can not go in for mass-production ) .

Improvements in the difficult techniques involved in its excision are one of the laboratory 's most notable triumphs .
improvements in the difficult [ways] involved in its excision are one of the laboratory 's most notable triumphs .

His contemporaries reported him as a master of geological field-mapping techniques and his original maps of many parts of Scotland confirm his observational skills and his ability to locate himself in the wilderness with an accuracy that can not be improved upon with aerial photographs .
his contemporaries reported him as a master of geological field-mapping [ways] and his original maps of many parts of scotland confirm his observational skills and his ability to locate himself in the wilderness with an accuracy that can not be improved upon with aerial photographs .

He was a magnificent surgical technician , a perfectionist who constantly improved his techniques and ingenious in developing many new surgical instruments and splints .
he was a magnificent surgical technician , a perfectionist who constantly improved his [ways] and ingenious in developing many new surgical instruments and splints .

He also learned the techniques of moulded and modelled plasterwork from the London trade firm of Whitcombe & Priestley .
he also learned the [ways] of moulded and modelled plasterwork from the london trade firm of whitcombe & priestley .

But their work has recognizable stylistic affinities : a clear respect for techniques and materials , a deep love of tradition , and a belief in the vernacular which had a considerable impact on both theory and practice of British twentieth-century industrial design .
but their work has recognizable stylistic affinities : a clear respect for [ways] and materials , a deep love of tradition , and a belief in the vernacular which had a considerable impact on both theory and practice of british twentieth-century industrial design .

The techniques of the pulpit were too dominant for Westminster , and those of the platform worried Whitefield 's .
the [ways] of the pulpit were too dominant for westminster , and those of the platform worried whitefield 's .

In 1916 he joined the Royal Flying Corps as an officer in an experimental squadron developing new flying formation and fighting techniques , and he attained the rank of major in 1918 .
in 1916 he joined the royal flying corps as an officer in an experimental squadron developing new flying formation and fighting [ways] , and he attained the rank of major in 1918 .

He discovered new reactions and introduced improved preparative techniques .
he discovered new reactions and introduced improved preparative [ways] .

, in about 1869 , working on the development of techniques for duplexing signals in submarine telegraph cables , and making precision measurements of resistance and capacity .
, in about 1869 , working on the development of [ways] for duplexing signals in submarine telegraph cables , and making precision measurements of resistance and capacity .

Gunpowder had been in widespread use in Europe in mining and quarrying since the early seventeenth century , but two hundred years later the techniques available for detonating the charges were still very primitive .
gunpowder had been in widespread use in europe in mining and quarrying since the early seventeenth century , but two hundred years later the [ways] available for detonating the charges were still very primitive .

He used the latest camera technology , and experimented with all the techniques that were available .
he used the latest camera technology , and experimented with all the [ways] that were available .

From 1938 television pulsed circuit and other sophisticated techniques were of increasing interest for the development of essential defence innovations .
from 1938 television pulsed circuit and other sophisticated [ways] were of increasing interest for the development of essential defence innovations .

As ‘ operator ’ , or ‘ university chemist ’ , his main duty was to demonstrate experiments and techniques in extension of lectures by the professor of chemistry — Robert Plot until 1689 , and then ( Sir ) Edward Hannes [ qq.v . ]
as ‘ operator ’ , or ‘ university chemist ’ , his main duty was to demonstrate experiments and [ways] in extension of lectures by the professor of chemistry — robert plot until 1689 , and then ( sir ) edward hannes [ qq.v . ]

He admired the quality of foreign workmanship and noted all new techniques .
he admired the quality of foreign workmanship and noted all new [ways] .

Consequently he was not able to invest in improved mining techniques in the later years of his life .
consequently he was not able to invest in improved mining [ways] in the later years of his life .

His collaboration with Dr Emil Passburg , the German designer of vacuum driers , led to a lifelong interest in high-vacuum techniques .
his collaboration with dr emil passburg , the german designer of vacuum driers , led to a lifelong interest in high-vacuum [ways] .

Catalytic processes were not fully understood at that time and it was over forty years before Messel in England and Winkler in Germany perfected manufacturing techniques .
catalytic processes were not fully understood at that time and it was over forty years before messel in england and winkler in germany perfected manufacturing [ways] .

Early water-colours show him already using some of the techniques of miniature painting , and the scale and meticulous detail of all his work suggest that he was truly a miniaturist at heart .
early water-colours show him already using some of the [ways] of miniature painting , and the scale and meticulous detail of all his work suggest that he was truly a miniaturist at heart .

Early in 1831 he began transplanting mature trees , becoming expert in their removal ; he described his techniques in his The British Winter Garden ( 1852 ) .
early in 1831 he began transplanting mature trees , becoming expert in their removal ; he described his [ways] in his the british winter garden ( 1852 ) .

In the early years of the twentieth century he made contributions to the techniques of gunnery , for instance , in improving ballistic calculations , designing a range-finder that was used in the Boer war , and a new form of gun-sight for the Navy .
in the early years of the twentieth century he made contributions to the [ways] of gunnery , for instance , in improving ballistic calculations , designing a range-finder that was used in the boer war , and a new form of gun-sight for the navy .

Apart from his council work , he found time to address with technical skill and lucidity trade problems such as marketing and exporting agricultural produce , the new techniques of refrigeration and of drying milk , food adulteration , and the wartime rationalization of flour and bread movements to prevent price rises .
apart from his council work , he found time to address with technical skill and lucidity trade problems such as marketing and exporting agricultural produce , the new [ways] of refrigeration and of drying milk , food adulteration , and the wartime rationalization of flour and bread movements to prevent price rises .

She wrote a number of articles on historic textiles and her book Decorative Needlework ( 1893 ) , shows that , like her father , her ideas developed from an interest in traditional techniques .
she wrote a number of articles on historic textiles and her book decorative needlework ( 1893 ) , shows that , like her father , her ideas developed from an interest in traditional [ways] .

In 1947 she moved to the Laboratoire Central des Services Chemiques de l'État in Paris , where , in a series of beautifully executed investigations using X-ray diffraction techniques , she discovered the fundamental distinction between carbons that turn into graphite on heating and those that do not , and related this difference to the chemical constituents of the material from which the chars were made .
in 1947 she moved to the laboratoire central des services chemiques de l'état in paris , where , in a series of beautifully executed investigations using x-ray diffraction [ways] , she discovered the fundamental distinction between carbons that turn into graphite on heating and those that do not , and related this difference to the chemical constituents of the material from which the chars were made .

She was cut off tragically at the height of her powers , but she had already made her mark : a crucial contribution to one of the most important discoveries of the twentieth century , and work on two major biological problems and the techniques for solving them , that helped lay the foundations of structural molecular biology .
she was cut off tragically at the height of her powers , but she had already made her mark : a crucial contribution to one of the most important discoveries of the twentieth century , and work on two major biological problems and the [ways] for solving them , that helped lay the foundations of structural molecular biology .

During this time Willans improved his designs and adopted advanced manufacturing techniques , pioneering the rapid assembly of engines from standardized , interchangeable components .
during this time willans improved his designs and adopted advanced manufacturing [ways] , pioneering the rapid assembly of engines from standardized , interchangeable components .

Crowley 's principal concerns , however , consisted of his researches into ways of accelerating human evolution through increasing human intelligence by techniques of concentrating the mind one-pointedly , stimulating the central nervous system , and maximizing and mapping hitherto unexplored regions of the brain .
crowley 's principal concerns , however , consisted of his researches into ways of accelerating human evolution through increasing human intelligence by [ways] of concentrating the mind one-pointedly , stimulating the central nervous system , and maximizing and mapping hitherto unexplored regions of the brain .

Mortimer 's techniques were well in advance of those of Greenwell and there was a good deal of rivalry between them .
mortimer 's [ways] were well in advance of those of greenwell and there was a good deal of rivalry between them .

Denny published many papers on this subject , and on techniques of construction .
denny published many papers on this subject , and on [ways] of construction .

In 1885 he became a founder-member of council of the Manchester Photographic Society , where he met some of the most notable pioneers of early photographic techniques , and in the same year he was elected a fellow of the Royal Astronomical Society .
in 1885 he became a founder-member of council of the manchester photographic society , where he met some of the most notable pioneers of early photographic [ways] , and in the same year he was elected a fellow of the royal astronomical society .

It will require the devising of yet more ingenious techniques to provide conclusive evidence for or against the view of obligatory syntactic analysis .
it will require the devising of yet more ingenious [ways] to provide conclusive evidence for or against the view of obligatory syntactic analysis .

Both techniques were successful in manipulating the way in which the line drawing was described .
both [ways] were successful in manipulating the way in which the line drawing was described .

However , by making use of various creative accounting techniques , for example treating expenditure as ‘ off-budget ’ , the Act failed and was replaced in 1990 by the Budget Enforcement Act which formalizes ‘ zero-sum ’ budgeting until 1995 .
however , by making use of various creative accounting [ways] , for example treating expenditure as ‘ off-budget ’ , the act failed and was replaced in 1990 by the budget enforcement act which formalizes ‘ zero-sum ’ budgeting until 1995 .

Reformers came to believe that many of the problems of government could be solved by the application to public administration of management techniques being developed in the private sector by large firms .
reformers came to believe that many of the problems of government could be solved by the application to public administration of management [ways] being developed in the private sector by large firms .

Thus the British courts are less amenable to the study techniques applied in the United States .
thus the british courts are less amenable to the study [ways] applied in the united states .

Financial accounting techniques
financial accounting [ways]

This chapter is concerned with the financial accounting techniques adopted in the operating statements and balance sheets of public sector organizations .
this chapter is concerned with the financial accounting [ways] adopted in the operating statements and balance sheets of public sector organizations .

The major techniques
the major [ways]

In the two previous chapters , we have discussed the financial accounting techniques available to , and used by , public sector organizations .
in the two previous chapters , we have discussed the financial accounting [ways] available to , and used by , public sector organizations .

This chapter is concerned with the ways in which the results of these techniques are reported and more particularly with the legal and professional attempts made to standardize them .
this chapter is concerned with the ways in which the results of these [ways] are reported and more particularly with the legal and professional attempts made to standardize them .

Financial accounting techniques have traditionally been concerned with the stewardship function , narrowly defined .
financial accounting [ways] have traditionally been concerned with the stewardship function , narrowly defined .

Many auditing techniques are common to the public and private sectors .
many auditing [ways] are common to the public and private sectors .

Being of slight build , Yim Wing Chun thought that the plum flower fist was too complex , and placed too much reliance on power techniques and strong horse stances more befitting a man than a woman .
being of slight build , yim wing chun thought that the plum flower fist was too complex , and placed too much reliance on power [ways] and strong horse stances more befitting a man than a woman .

These power breaking techniques are termed tamashiwara .
these power breaking [ways] are termed tamashiwara .

Like kung fu , karate is broken up into many styles , each professing to have within its range of techniques the answer to many combat situations .
like kung fu , karate is broken up into many styles , each professing to have within its range of [ways] the answer to many combat situations .

As Funakoshi 's students became adept at the techniques , many broke away from the original shotokan school and formulated systems of their own .
as funakoshi 's students became adept at the [ways] , many broke away from the original shotokan school and formulated systems of their own .

In his time he has fought more than 50 of them , killing three outright with a combination of striking techniques .
in his time he has fought more than 50 of them , killing three outright with a combination of striking [ways] .

It was jiu jitsu , with its vast range of locks , holds , and strangulation techniques , that the armed forces of many countries made the foundation for their unarmed combat training .
it was jiu jitsu , with its vast range of locks , holds , and strangulation [ways] , that the armed forces of many countries made the foundation for their unarmed combat training .

Jiu jitsu is a Japanese grappling art that incorporates a myriad of locks , throws and breaking techniques .
jiu jitsu is a japanese grappling art that incorporates a myriad of locks , throws and breaking [ways] .

Jiu jitsu 's sporting form , that of judo , ‘ the gentle way ’ was looked at as a method for training law enforcement officers in arrest and hold techniques .
jiu jitsu 's sporting form , that of judo , ‘ the gentle way ’ was looked at as a method for training law enforcement officers in arrest and hold [ways] .

Because of the limited techniques that judo offered , some police forces eventually opted for aikido .
because of the limited [ways] that judo offered , some police forces eventually opted for aikido .

Uyeshiba developed the techniques of aikido from his study of the many styles of jiu jitsu in Japan .
uyeshiba developed the [ways] of aikido from his study of the many styles of jiu jitsu in japan .

Various leaping kicks were also included in the range of techniques .
various leaping kicks were also included in the range of [ways] .

Unusually , the martial art of kali teaches the use of weapons first and empty-handed techniques last .
unusually , the martial art of kali teaches the use of weapons first and empty-handed [ways] last .

In kung fu the hands take their shape from the particular animals whose fighting techniques the practitioner is imitating .
in kung fu the hands take their shape from the particular animals whose fighting [ways] the practitioner is imitating .

It is techniques such as the turning stance that enable kung fu to be practised without the requirement of great physical strength .
it is [ways] such as the turning stance that enable kung fu to be practised without the requirement of great physical strength .

As the aggressor is propelled forward by his own weight , strength and momentum , he may be struck in the throat by any one of the basic hand techniques .
as the aggressor is propelled forward by his own weight , strength and momentum , he may be struck in the throat by any one of the basic hand [ways] .

Application of techniques 1 : the attacker and defender assume positions .
application of [ways] 1 : the attacker and defender assume positions .

Yet it often happens that when a new kung fu student enters a kwoon , with pre-conceived ideas about fighting , and is shown basic techniques that look as though they were aimed at primary school level , he looks for more in those techniques than there actually is .
yet it often happens that when a new kung fu student enters a kwoon , with pre-conceived ideas about fighting , and is shown basic [ways] that look as though they were aimed at primary school level , he looks for more in those [ways] than there actually is .

Application of leopard techniques 1 : the attacker punches .
application of leopard [ways] 1 : the attacker punches .

In each of the sifu 's lessons , he tries to teach something new but at the same time revises all the movements and self defence techniques that the students have studied so far .
in each of the sifu 's lessons , he tries to teach something new but at the same time revises all the movements and self defence [ways] that the students have studied so far .

Because kung fu is primarily concerned with hand techniques , blocks and parries , the kicking aspects of the art are left to the end of the basic training period .
because kung fu is primarily concerned with hand [ways] , blocks and parries , the kicking aspects of the art are left to the end of the basic training period .

It is for that reason that a degree of expertise is required in hand strikes and blocking techniques before a student is taught kicks .
it is for that reason that a degree of expertise is required in hand strikes and blocking [ways] before a student is taught kicks .

Simple female self-defence techniques 1 : the attacker 's punch is blocked with the outer forearm .
simple female self-defence [ways] 1 : the attacker 's punch is blocked with the outer forearm .

Having learned the basic techniques of hand strikes , blocking movements and kicks , the beginner is ready for his first test , so that he may be graded .
having learned the basic [ways] of hand strikes , blocking movements and kicks , the beginner is ready for his first test , so that he may be graded .

Stretching exercises are not only useful for warming up before a training session begins , but also a very valuable contribution to good kicking techniques .
stretching exercises are not only useful for warming up before a training session begins , but also a very valuable contribution to good kicking [ways] .

Advanced weapon techniques 1 : the attacker attempts to strike .
advanced weapon [ways] 1 : the attacker attempts to strike .

After the beginner has acquired the basic principles of kung fu and enough knowledge to string together simple one- and two-step techniques , he comes into contact with what are known as ‘ forms ’ .
after the beginner has acquired the basic principles of kung fu and enough knowledge to string together simple one- and two-step [ways] , he comes into contact with what are known as ‘ forms ’ .

By following a natural progression of techniques from the easy to the more difficult , the student gradually gains confidence in his capabilities .
by following a natural progression of [ways] from the easy to the more difficult , the student gradually gains confidence in his capabilities .

It is a slow painstaking path to technical competence , but the close mental concentration required to learn new techniques increases physical strength and as a student makes progress towards reacting instantly and harmoniously to situations , so he finds himself eager to advance further .
it is a slow painstaking path to technical competence , but the close mental concentration required to learn new [ways] increases physical strength and as a student makes progress towards reacting instantly and harmoniously to situations , so he finds himself eager to advance further .

In advanced stages of instruction students are guided towards techniques of self-defence , under realistic conditions .
in advanced stages of instruction students are guided towards [ways] of self-defence , under realistic conditions .

telegraphing techniques to the opponent by raising a hand or leg to strike too soon .
telegraphing [ways] to the opponent by raising a hand or leg to strike too soon .

Every kung fu club conducts its training session in a programmed manner , beginning with warm-up exercises , going on to the basic techniques , and then practising forms .
every kung fu club conducts its training session in a programmed manner , beginning with warm-up exercises , going on to the basic [ways] , and then practising forms .

After that come more advanced techniques which students need to perform for the next grading .
after that come more advanced [ways] which students need to perform for the next grading .

These advanced techniques involve partnering up with a fellow student and following a step-by-step routine of attack , defence and counter-attack .
these advanced [ways] involve partnering up with a fellow student and following a step-by-step routine of attack , defence and counter-attack .

Armed with the techniques he has learned over the past months , he is free to combine them in whatever way he thinks suits his stature .
armed with the [ways] he has learned over the past months , he is free to combine them in whatever way he thinks suits his stature .

Although advanced students of kung fu put techniques together for themselves , the sifu directs them in their course of self-teaching .
although advanced students of kung fu put [ways] together for themselves , the sifu directs them in their course of self-teaching .

The stances are platforms from which techniques are launched and since many of the techniques — whether strikes or blocks — require a specific stance , a thorough knowledge of all the karate stances is essential .
the stances are platforms from which [ways] are launched and since many of the [ways] — whether strikes or blocks — require a specific stance , a thorough knowledge of all the karate stances is essential .

7 He ends up in a weak position , open to many follow-up techniques .
7 he ends up in a weak position , open to many follow-up [ways] .

To help the beginner learn these basic techniques , there are solo exercises , called ‘ katas ’ .
to help the beginner learn these basic [ways] , there are solo exercises , called ‘ katas ’ .

Its series of choreographed fighting movements includes all the techniques required to deal with almost any situation and it allows the student to display his competence of the art to its maximum .
its series of choreographed fighting movements includes all the [ways] required to deal with almost any situation and it allows the student to display his competence of the art to its maximum .

The adept begins in the stance known as yoi , and then progresses onwards through a series of solo techniques , in which he executes a set of movements against imaginary opponents .
the adept begins in the stance known as yoi , and then progresses onwards through a series of solo [ways] , in which he executes a set of movements against imaginary opponents .

The grading curriculum consists of only the basic techniques that have been learned so far .
the grading curriculum consists of only the basic [ways] that have been learned so far .

All commands to perform techniques are given in the Japanese language .
all commands to perform [ways] are given in the japanese language .

As the beginner progresses to more advanced areas of basic training , the simple blocks give way ( though they are not discarded ) to more demanding techniques .
as the beginner progresses to more advanced areas of basic training , the simple blocks give way ( though they are not discarded ) to more demanding [ways] .

These are known as combination techniques , which teach a karateka to assemble basic movements in a series , or pattern , which may be used for defence or attack .
these are known as combination [ways] , which teach a karateka to assemble basic movements in a series , or pattern , which may be used for defence or attack .

Combination techniques between two adversaries are pretty much tit for tat , the outcome depending upon which fighter has the quickest reactions , the finest timing , the best execution of techniques and the most efficient plan of attack .
combination [ways] between two adversaries are pretty much tit for tat , the outcome depending upon which fighter has the quickest reactions , the finest timing , the best execution of [ways] and the most efficient plan of attack .

Combination attacks strike with a series of techniques from different angles and directions .
combination attacks strike with a series of [ways] from different angles and directions .

The beginner normally learns combination techniques by performing them against thin air .
the beginner normally learns combination [ways] by performing them against thin air .

The variety of combination techniques , using all the basic movements , is endless .
the variety of combination [ways] , using all the basic movements , is endless .

Free fighting techniques 1 : the attacker prepares to deliver a front kick .
free fighting [ways] 1 : the attacker prepares to deliver a front kick .

Two favourite techniques in competition are the snap punch and the backfist .
two favourite [ways] in competition are the snap punch and the backfist .

Exploration of karate techniques continues with open-handed blocking methods , more elaborate kicks and head height ( jodan ) and when it is completed , a final kick — the back kick — is performed .
exploration of karate [ways] continues with open-handed blocking methods , more elaborate kicks and head height ( jodan ) and when it is completed , a final kick — the back kick — is performed .

One of the main purposes of karate training is to enable the student to use the techniques he has learned in either self-defence or active competition .
one of the main purposes of karate training is to enable the student to use the [ways] he has learned in either self-defence or active competition .

The first taste of free fighting with an opponent , under a system that requires the individual to make his own decisions as to which techniques to use , can seem somewhat daunting .
the first taste of free fighting with an opponent , under a system that requires the individual to make his own decisions as to which [ways] to use , can seem somewhat daunting .

To score points , the techniques must be cleanly performed and strongly focused at the appropriate target areas .
to score points , the [ways] must be cleanly performed and strongly focused at the appropriate target areas .

The first-time fighter arriving on the competition scene has only a limited number of techniques .
the first-time fighter arriving on the competition scene has only a limited number of [ways] .

In karate , once a grasp of workable techniques have been thoroughly practised .
in karate , once a grasp of workable [ways] have been thoroughly practised .

The application of techniques 1 : the attacker and defender both begin in the right stance .
the application of [ways] 1 : the attacker and defender both begin in the right stance .

Complicated techniques almost never work in serious competition ; the simple ones work every time .
complicated [ways] almost never work in serious competition ; the simple ones work every time .

Most of today 's great tournament fighters on the world circuits limit themselves to a few techniques that work best for them .
most of today 's great tournament fighters on the world circuits limit themselves to a few [ways] that work best for them .

Competition techniques are pretty much down to the individual himself .
competition [ways] are pretty much down to the individual himself .

Light , free manoeuvrability also helps to avoid the telegraphing of techniques to an opponent .
light , free manoeuvrability also helps to avoid the telegraphing of [ways] to an opponent .

Application of techniques 1 : the attacker and defender square off , both in the left stance .
application of [ways] 1 : the attacker and defender square off , both in the left stance .

The Koreans adapted many karate techniques and incorporated them into their training curriculum .
the koreans adapted many karate [ways] and incorporated them into their training curriculum .

It is a martial art which trains both the mind and the body and the student 's attitude is of supreme importance , since many of the techniques , especially the exotic kicks , can be dangerous .
it is a martial art which trains both the mind and the body and the student 's attitude is of supreme importance , since many of the [ways] , especially the exotic kicks , can be dangerous .

All instructions regarding techniques and all directions are given in the Korean language .
all instructions regarding [ways] and all directions are given in the korean language .

Rigorous stretching exercises and taekwondo go hand in hand , for without pushing the muscles beyond their normal use , the sinews and tendons will not gain the elasticity that is required for dynamic kicking techniques .
rigorous stretching exercises and taekwondo go hand in hand , for without pushing the muscles beyond their normal use , the sinews and tendons will not gain the elasticity that is required for dynamic kicking [ways] .

Correct posture is vital to perform techniques properly .
correct posture is vital to perform [ways] properly .

Because taekwondo was originally designed as an art of self-defence , blocking techniques are highly developed and refined .
because taekwondo was originally designed as an art of self-defence , blocking [ways] are highly developed and refined .

Taekwondo makes great use of evasion in its blocking and countering techniques .
taekwondo makes great use of evasion in its blocking and countering [ways] .

All the techniques in taekwondo are flexible and allow the practitioner to change his mind at the last minute as to which block or punch will provide him with the best defence or counter-attack .
all the [ways] in taekwondo are flexible and allow the practitioner to change his mind at the last minute as to which block or punch will provide him with the best defence or counter-attack .

After learning the blocks , the beginner is introduced to striking techniques .
after learning the blocks , the beginner is introduced to striking [ways] .

The fist techniques of taekwondo involve lunge punches , reverse punches , back fists and hammer fists — all of them similar to the basic karate punches described in the previous chapter .
the fist [ways] of taekwondo involve lunge punches , reverse punches , back fists and hammer fists — all of them similar to the basic karate punches described in the previous chapter .

The hand techniques of taekwondo utilize focused power .
the hand [ways] of taekwondo utilize focused power .

It is a quite different power from that of the kicking techniques .
it is a quite different power from that of the kicking [ways] .

The stage arrives when the beginner is ready to put all his basic techniques together .
the stage arrives when the beginner is ready to put all his basic [ways] together .

These combinations , as they are called , involve simple one-step punching and blocking techniques , but even of beginners a greater variety of kicks is expected , nor surprisingly in view of the emphasis that taekwondo places upon them .
these combinations , as they are called , involve simple one-step punching and blocking [ways] , but even of beginners a greater variety of kicks is expected , nor surprisingly in view of the emphasis that taekwondo places upon them .

Free sparring accustoms beginners to being attacked and teaches them how to handle certain situations using the techniques they have been taught up to that stage .
free sparring accustoms beginners to being attacked and teaches them how to handle certain situations using the [ways] they have been taught up to that stage .

Combination techniques comprise a host of different moves , a kick and follow-up punch , for example , or a double-kick and then a punch .
combination [ways] comprise a host of different moves , a kick and follow-up punch , for example , or a double-kick and then a punch .

When a beginner joins the competitive tournament circuit , he learns to forego many subtleties of the basic techniques in the interests of speed , strength being a less important quality in competitions .
when a beginner joins the competitive tournament circuit , he learns to forego many subtleties of the basic [ways] in the interests of speed , strength being a less important quality in competitions .

The kicking techniques employed on the tournament floor can vary tremendously .
the kicking [ways] employed on the tournament floor can vary tremendously .

As the beginner progresses to advanced techniques , he comes into contact with a very famous kicking method , called the axe kick .
as the beginner progresses to advanced [ways] , he comes into contact with a very famous kicking method , called the axe kick .

Taekwondo , unlike karate , stipulates that beginners must master all the basic techniques before attempting to practise the patterns .
taekwondo , unlike karate , stipulates that beginners must master all the basic [ways] before attempting to practise the patterns .

The pattern is a set series of combination techniques performed in a sequential order .
the pattern is a set series of combination [ways] performed in a sequential order .

The many , varied patterns take the beginner to advanced levels of the art , teaching him along the way a great mixture of different techniques containing all the essential elements of taekwondo .
the many , varied patterns take the beginner to advanced levels of the art , teaching him along the way a great mixture of different [ways] containing all the essential elements of taekwondo .

Because the pattern is a training aid , it allows the student to execute many of the dangerous kicking techniques in perfect safety , since he has no opponent .
because the pattern is a training aid , it allows the student to execute many of the dangerous kicking [ways] in perfect safety , since he has no opponent .

Taekwondo practitioners use various aids to teach themselves correct timing in hand and foot techniques .
taekwondo practitioners use various aids to teach themselves correct timing in hand and foot [ways] .

Destruction techniques 1 : preparing for a front elbow strike through three l-in 2.5cm boards .
destruction [ways] 1 : preparing for a front elbow strike through three l-in 2.5cm boards .

Destruction techniques 1 : the knife hand strike .
destruction [ways] 1 : the knife hand strike .

Adepts at kung fu and karate use a number of techniques to smash through stacks of roofing tiles and concrete blocks with no apparent damage to their limbs .
adepts at kung fu and karate use a number of [ways] to smash through stacks of roofing tiles and concrete blocks with no apparent damage to their limbs .

Techniques of destruction , however , are much more central to taekwondo , which places great emphasis on them .
[ways] of destruction , however , are much more central to taekwondo , which places great emphasis on them .

They teach him the dynamic techniques of his art in order that he may be able to apply them , perhaps in a life-or-death predicament , on the streets .
they teach him the dynamic [ways] of his art in order that he may be able to apply them , perhaps in a life-or-death predicament , on the streets .

Accuracy , speed and power are the prime elements in breaking techniques .
accuracy , speed and power are the prime elements in breaking [ways] .

Destruction techniques 1 : the spinning back kick .
destruction [ways] 1 : the spinning back kick .

When those techniques have been mastered , the student is ready to make his first serious destruction attempt .
when those [ways] have been mastered , the student is ready to make his first serious destruction attempt .

Although this precedes one-step sparring , caution must be exercised by fighters who are striking each other with hard techniques .
although this precedes one-step sparring , caution must be exercised by fighters who are striking each other with hard [ways] .

The student has to figure out , through constant trial and error , what his best techniques are , which moves suit his weight , shape , size and build .
the student has to figure out , through constant trial and error , what his best [ways] are , which moves suit his weight , shape , size and build .

On his training bags , for example , he should be trying out various double and triple kicking techniques and working out a series of combinations , linked together with speed , timing , delivery , focus and his own personal footwork manoeuvres .
on his training bags , for example , he should be trying out various double and triple kicking [ways] and working out a series of combinations , linked together with speed , timing , delivery , focus and his own personal footwork manoeuvres .

Tactical understanding comes only through regular bouts of fighting , in which all the techniques used are directed toward the scoring of maximum points .
tactical understanding comes only through regular bouts of fighting , in which all the [ways] used are directed toward the scoring of maximum points .

The combatants try to score the most points possible , using techniques which involve actual body contact .
the combatants try to score the most points possible , using [ways] which involve actual body contact .

Points are awarded for skilfully delivered techniques , the kicks scoring more points .
points are awarded for skilfully delivered [ways] , the kicks scoring more points .

Because taekwondo is a combat sport , in which full-power attacks are allowed to the face and body , tournament contestants have to be of black-belt standard , but even so , many of the more dangerous techniques of the art are not permitted .
because taekwondo is a combat sport , in which full-power attacks are allowed to the face and body , tournament contestants have to be of black-belt standard , but even so , many of the more dangerous [ways] of the art are not permitted .

In much work that was to develop within the compass of physical geography , the chronology assumed a greater significance , it required a greater knowledge of existing and recently developed dating techniques , and it thus involved close liaison with other disciplines particularly geology , biology and archaeology amongst the broadening spectrum of the earth and environmental sciences .
in much work that was to develop within the compass of physical geography , the chronology assumed a greater significance , it required a greater knowledge of existing and recently developed dating [ways] , and it thus involved close liaison with other disciplines particularly geology , biology and archaeology amongst the broadening spectrum of the earth and environmental sciences .

Fourthly are the fragments of evidence that allow relative and absolute dating to be undertaken by an increasingly varied range of techniques .
fourthly are the fragments of evidence that allow relative and absolute dating to be undertaken by an increasingly varied range of [ways] .

The requisite technology , plant and techniques are available and await the formulation of appropriate experimental designs .
the requisite technology , plant and [ways] are available and await the formulation of appropriate experimental designs .

Greater interest in , and involvement with , chronology and environmental reconstruction became possible because of the greater pace of development of new techniques to complement established ones which could be used for dating and/or the provision of environmental information .
greater interest in , and involvement with , chronology and environmental reconstruction became possible because of the greater pace of development of new [ways] to complement established ones which could be used for dating and/or the provision of environmental information .

Such established techniques included the analysis of varves in lake deposits indicating an annual or seasonal rhythm , used since the pioneer work of de Geer in Sweden in 1912 ; analysis of tree rings when dendrochronology has been linked very convincingly to climate ; relative dating of landforms ; and palynology and other types of micro-fossil analysis including non-marine mollusca .
such established [ways] included the analysis of varves in lake deposits indicating an annual or seasonal rhythm , used since the pioneer work of de geer in sweden in 1912 ; analysis of tree rings when dendrochronology has been linked very convincingly to climate ; relative dating of landforms ; and palynology and other types of micro-fossil analysis including non-marine mollusca .

To complement these existing techniques new ones have developed which derive particularly from isotopic dating techniques and from analysis of deep-sea ocean cores .
to complement these existing [ways] new ones have developed which derive particularly from isotopic dating [ways] and from analysis of deep-sea ocean cores .

Table 4.2 : Some developments of techniques for dating and environmental reconstruction ( Based upon Bowen , 1978 , Worsley , 1981 ; and Cullingford , Davidson and Lewin , 1980 )
table 4.2 : some developments of [ways] for dating and environmental reconstruction ( based upon bowen , 1978 , worsley , 1981 ; and cullingford , davidson and lewin , 1980 )

Such cooperation can present problems for teaching , training and research because the necessary techniques and methods are the province of more than one discipline .
such cooperation can present problems for teaching , training and research because the necessary [ways] and methods are the province of more than one discipline .

Now , the union if it is to come , might conceivably come through common techniques of analysis .
now , the union if it is to come , might conceivably come through common [ways] of analysis .

In addition to collecting the techniques available Butzer ( 1964 ) applied the zonal concept to provide a background of world physical environments against which he reviewed Pleistocene environments of the Old World and man-land relationships in prehistory .
in addition to collecting the [ways] available butzer ( 1964 ) applied the zonal concept to provide a background of world physical environments against which he reviewed pleistocene environments of the old world and man-land relationships in prehistory .

Butzer outlines a revolution in historical geomorphology that was made possible by the successful application of sedimentological techniques , by advances in isotopic dating , and by collaborative geo-archaeological efforts .
butzer outlines a revolution in historical geomorphology that was made possible by the successful application of sedimentological [ways] , by advances in isotopic dating , and by collaborative geo-archaeological efforts .

He envisages that a change in outlook may derive from appreciation of the complex event sequences that new techniques have now exposed in the Quaternary ; from appraisal of the classical models of change to accommodate the realization that extreme rapidity of change now has to be considered when evaluating chronological biotal and geomorphological processes ; from adjustment of geomorphology to new knowledge of Quaternary change such as rate of ice sheet growth and decay ; and similar adjustment of biogeography and of palaeoclimatology .
he envisages that a change in outlook may derive from appreciation of the complex event sequences that new [ways] have now exposed in the quaternary ; from appraisal of the classical models of change to accommodate the realization that extreme rapidity of change now has to be considered when evaluating chronological biotal and geomorphological processes ; from adjustment of geomorphology to new knowledge of quaternary change such as rate of ice sheet growth and decay ; and similar adjustment of biogeography and of palaeoclimatology .

Increased attention devoted to processes was first exemplified by measurements of the variables involved in the soil system including soil moisture , soil organic matter content , soil pH , and this then necessitated knowledge of the measurement techniques themselves .
increased attention devoted to processes was first exemplified by measurements of the variables involved in the soil system including soil moisture , soil organic matter content , soil ph , and this then necessitated knowledge of the measurement [ways] themselves .

In the 1960s and subsequently the discovery of the need to study processes led to appreciation of the need for familiarity with subject matter from interdisciplinary origins and to acquire and develop techniques that could be employed for process investigations and particularly for empirical measurements .
in the 1960s and subsequently the discovery of the need to study processes led to appreciation of the need for familiarity with subject matter from interdisciplinary origins and to acquire and develop [ways] that could be employed for process investigations and particularly for empirical measurements .

Thus research papers were sometimes apparently preoccupied with technique simply because techniques had to be defined and refined for the purpose of the physical geographer .
thus research papers were sometimes apparently preoccupied with technique simply because [ways] had to be defined and refined for the purpose of the physical geographer .

One area where the importance of process measurements had always been appreciated was in limestone areas and these were the focus of many of the earliest , and simplest process techniques developments .
one area where the importance of process measurements had always been appreciated was in limestone areas and these were the focus of many of the earliest , and simplest process [ways] developments .

It seems as if each major branch of geomorphology had at least one new textbook which served to disseminate techniques and ideas and to serve as a baseline from which new research and teaching could develop .
it seems as if each major branch of geomorphology had at least one new textbook which served to disseminate [ways] and ideas and to serve as a baseline from which new research and teaching could develop .

Secondly are direct empirical measurements , thirdly are experimental investigations ; and fourthly there are historical techniques .
secondly are direct empirical measurements , thirdly are experimental investigations ; and fourthly there are historical [ways] .

Historical techniques in physical geography offer some of the most imaginative available and have been reviewed by the cooperation of a geomorphologist and a historical geographer ( Hooke and Kain , 1982 ) . They contend that :
historical [ways] in physical geography offer some of the most imaginative available and have been reviewed by the cooperation of a geomorphologist and a historical geographer ( hooke and kain , 1982 ) . they contend that :

To proceed towards such a dialogue Chorley ( 1969 ) believed that an integrated body of techniques for physical and human geography and an emphasis upon resources of the physical world such as water could be effected in a volume which ( Chorley and Kates , 1969 , p. 3 ) concentrates :
to proceed towards such a dialogue chorley ( 1969 ) believed that an integrated body of [ways] for physical and human geography and an emphasis upon resources of the physical world such as water could be effected in a volume which ( chorley and kates , 1969 , p. 3 ) concentrates :

Experience of these techniques has recently prompted Oldfield ( 1983b ) to propose a steady-state model of ecosystem change related to man 's impact on environment as an additional alternative to more familiar successional and cyclic models , and this is more appropriately considered in relation to other time-bound developments ( chapter 8 , p. 182 ) .
experience of these [ways] has recently prompted oldfield ( 1983b ) to propose a steady-state model of ecosystem change related to man 's impact on environment as an additional alternative to more familiar successional and cyclic models , and this is more appropriately considered in relation to other time-bound developments ( chapter 8 , p. 182 ) .

First are simple systems which involve not more than three or four variables and can be handled by relatively simple techniques , including regression models and partial differential equations although finite difference methods may increase in the future .
first are simple systems which involve not more than three or four variables and can be handled by relatively simple [ways] , including regression models and partial differential equations although finite difference methods may increase in the future .

The complexity increases as the square of the number of components so that simple analysis techniques can not be employed and catastrophe theory and perturbation analysis are examples of appropriate analysis procedures .
the complexity increases as the square of the number of components so that simple analysis [ways] can not be employed and catastrophe theory and perturbation analysis are examples of appropriate analysis procedures .

Subsequently it was suggested ( Hare , 1973 ) that this trend in climatology had been emphasized by three other contributions identified as the micrometeorological method whereby a branch of experimental physics has used experimental techniques to provide physical insights into the nature of the earth 's surface and planetary boundary layers ; the microclimatological method where the techniques of micrometeorological measurement and boundary layer theory together with the related parts of soil physics and plant physiology are applied to exchange and transformation processes over natural surfaces , leading to study of energy transformation at the land surface , water movement upwards and downwards through the soil , and to how carbon dioxide is assimilated during photosynthesis and released during respiration ; and the hydrological method whereby energy exchange during the hydrological cycle was quantified .
subsequently it was suggested ( hare , 1973 ) that this trend in climatology had been emphasized by three other contributions identified as the micrometeorological method whereby a branch of experimental physics has used experimental [ways] to provide physical insights into the nature of the earth 's surface and planetary boundary layers ; the microclimatological method where the [ways] of micrometeorological measurement and boundary layer theory together with the related parts of soil physics and plant physiology are applied to exchange and transformation processes over natural surfaces , leading to study of energy transformation at the land surface , water movement upwards and downwards through the soil , and to how carbon dioxide is assimilated during photosynthesis and released during respiration ; and the hydrological method whereby energy exchange during the hydrological cycle was quantified .

As the heading suggests , this approach is concerned with the application of the methods and techniques of science to organisations .
as the heading suggests , this approach is concerned with the application of the methods and [ways] of science to organisations .

People in departments dominated by the professions will need to be aware of developments within the professional field and keep up-to-date with the latest techniques or equipment .
people in departments dominated by the professions will need to be aware of developments within the professional field and keep up-to-date with the latest [ways] or equipment .

Lawrence and Santry ( 1989 ) report on the work being done in a division of the Department of Trade and Industry and indicate the techniques used .
lawrence and santry ( 1989 ) report on the work being done in a division of the department of trade and industry and indicate the [ways] used .

But in the light of recent developments in the public sector such techniques may be particularly useful in enabling managers to plan the future direction of the organisation .
but in the light of recent developments in the public sector such [ways] may be particularly useful in enabling managers to plan the future direction of the organisation .

With the advent of compulsory , competitive tendering in local authorities , direct service organisations are forced to compete with private sector organisations for contracts to provide certain services and as a result they are beginning to use strategic planning techniques ( see the section below on business planning ) .
with the advent of compulsory , competitive tendering in local authorities , direct service organisations are forced to compete with private sector organisations for contracts to provide certain services and as a result they are beginning to use strategic planning [ways] ( see the section below on business planning ) .

As such they are in a position to see themselves as running a business and may adopt the whole gambit of business techniques when addressing their organisational problems .
as such they are in a position to see themselves as running a business and may adopt the whole gambit of business [ways] when addressing their organisational problems .

Techniques such as ‘ brain storming ’ and ‘ lateral thinking ’ can be used to generate such alternatives ( see Mullins , 1989 , Ch .
[ways] such as ‘ brain storming ’ and ‘ lateral thinking ’ can be used to generate such alternatives ( see mullins , 1989 , ch .

As we have already discussed , planning and the use of rational techniques were highly popular in the late 1960s and early 1970s .
as we have already discussed , planning and the use of rational [ways] were highly popular in the late 1960s and early 1970s .

Rational techniques were introduced to try to solve what were perceived to be problems at the time .
rational [ways] were introduced to try to solve what were perceived to be problems at the time .

Many factors contribute to the effectiveness or otherwise of the various techniques .
many factors contribute to the effectiveness or otherwise of the various [ways] .

The use of creative accounting techniques such as lease-back arrangements if legal .
the use of creative accounting [ways] such as lease-back arrangements if legal .

Changing approaches to resourcing issues arise out of the same organisational thinking , particularly the experimentation with rational techniques .
changing approaches to resourcing issues arise out of the same organisational thinking , particularly the experimentation with rational [ways] .

Budgeting techniques are only one solution to the problems of the health service .
budgeting [ways] are only one solution to the problems of the health service .

Then , given these foundation techniques , he can go on and perhaps invent his own idiom and fulfil his ideals .
then , given these foundation [ways] , he can go on and perhaps invent his own idiom and fulfil his ideals .

We will be dealing here mostly with the simple techniques of putting notes together in certain special ways , but in reality this is only part of the story .
we will be dealing here mostly with the simple [ways] of putting notes together in certain special ways , but in reality this is only part of the story .

Complete ‘ idioms ’ are the fusion of musical techniques with other factors — ; aesthetic , social , even political — which have influenced composers and stimulated them to mould their music into certain well-defined styles .
complete ‘ idioms ’ are the fusion of musical [ways] with other factors — ; aesthetic , social , even political — which have influenced composers and stimulated them to mould their music into certain well-defined styles .

As confidence grew , partly as a result of the student impression studies , so techniques were employed which permitted cross-institutional comparison , which enabled graduate employer samples to participate in evaluation , and which allowed the appraisal of course realities such as grading patterns and resources to be set alongside the studies of course perceptions .
as confidence grew , partly as a result of the student impression studies , so [ways] were employed which permitted cross-institutional comparison , which enabled graduate employer samples to participate in evaluation , and which allowed the appraisal of course realities such as grading patterns and resources to be set alongside the studies of course perceptions .

Techniques such as content analysis can make the analysis less impressionistic .
[ways] such as content analysis can make the analysis less impressionistic .

Statistical techniques are often essential for fully understanding a complex data set .
statistical [ways] are often essential for fully understanding a complex data set .

By that time , however , refrigeration techniques had ensured that meat could be brought from much further afield : beef from North and South America , mutton from Australia and New Zealand .
by that time , however , refrigeration [ways] had ensured that meat could be brought from much further afield : beef from north and south america , mutton from australia and new zealand .

These arguments are based on the disadvantages of applying established legal techniques in situations where speed , flexibility and informality are the objectives of the tribunal .
these arguments are based on the disadvantages of applying established legal [ways] in situations where speed , flexibility and informality are the objectives of the tribunal .

In fact , various techniques and a belated statutory intervention have combined to lessen the effect of the omission .
in fact , various [ways] and a belated statutory intervention have combined to lessen the effect of the omission .

The Board reported that it had established management objectives and expressed confidence that the introduction of new management techniques , in many cases building on work in hand , would lead to significant improvements in the speed and quality of service and efficiency .
the board reported that it had established management objectives and expressed confidence that the introduction of new management [ways] , in many cases building on work in hand , would lead to significant improvements in the speed and quality of service and efficiency .

The object of providing for arbitration rather than trial in small claims is to allow litigants to represent themselves at a hearing where their ignorance of procedure and adversarial techniques will not be a handicap .
the object of providing for arbitration rather than trial in small claims is to allow litigants to represent themselves at a hearing where their ignorance of procedure and adversarial [ways] will not be a handicap .

Several sophisticated techniques are available , many of which involve more than one radio telescope receiving the echo , by means of which the ambiguity between the two patches can be removed , and the topography , surface texture and information about the composition of a planet 's surface can be established .
several sophisticated [ways] are available , many of which involve more than one radio telescope receiving the echo , by means of which the ambiguity between the two patches can be removed , and the topography , surface texture and information about the composition of a planet 's surface can be established .

Radar techniques based on this division of a surface by range and by Doppler-shift are called range-Doppler methods .
radar [ways] based on this division of a surface by range and by doppler-shift are called range-doppler methods .

Pressures and temperatures in the Jovian atmosphere have largely been determined by spacecraft , using a variety of techniques .
pressures and temperatures in the jovian atmosphere have largely been determined by spacecraft , using a variety of [ways] .

These are firstly the development of new forms of alternative homes or home-based care ; secondly the design of appropriate assessment procedures and techniques ; thirdly the creation of intensive case management services to provide co-ordination of care at home ; and fourthly the organizational and managerial response towards more integrated systems exemplified by such initiatives as the Care Programme Approach for people with mental illness .
these are firstly the development of new forms of alternative homes or home-based care ; secondly the design of appropriate assessment procedures and [ways] ; thirdly the creation of intensive case management services to provide co-ordination of care at home ; and fourthly the organizational and managerial response towards more integrated systems exemplified by such initiatives as the care programme approach for people with mental illness .

Surrealist photography indeed developed techniques that self-consciously played upon this juxtaposition of the real as signifier and the signifier as real .
surrealist photography indeed developed [ways] that self-consciously played upon this juxtaposition of the real as signifier and the signifier as real .

Surrealist photographers indeed developed techniques which self-consciously addressed this juxtaposition of the real as signifier and the signifier as real .
surrealist photographers indeed developed [ways] which self-consciously addressed this juxtaposition of the real as signifier and the signifier as real .

He has pursued this goal via techniques which lay bare the cinematic convention .
he has pursued this goal via [ways] which lay bare the cinematic convention .

There are several techniques that Godard uses to produce distancing and consequently the disinvestment of desire in images .
there are several [ways] that godard uses to produce distancing and consequently the disinvestment of desire in images .

The library can be an asset in promoting the school to parents , and the librarians in the Loughborough survey proved skilled in marketing techniques .
the library can be an asset in promoting the school to parents , and the librarians in the loughborough survey proved skilled in marketing [ways] .

The techniques for playing them would have been transferred to the new piano .
the [ways] for playing them would have been transferred to the new piano .

It is unlikely that these techniques would have required a check in the action .
it is unlikely that these [ways] would have required a check in the action .

Those who played more quietly , probably using techniques derived from harpsichord playing , were advised to use a Streicher instrument , which had no check .
those who played more quietly , probably using [ways] derived from harpsichord playing , were advised to use a streicher instrument , which had no check .

Our production philosophy requires all operations to be safe , and we apply innovative techniques alongside proven technology .
our production philosophy requires all operations to be safe , and we apply innovative [ways] alongside proven technology .

Nowadays techniques such as counselling , psychotherapy , goals planning and rewards-based therapies are used .
nowadays [ways] such as counselling , psychotherapy , goals planning and rewards-based therapies are used .

Our diverse expertise has been called upon during the past year for the retrieval of radioactive isotopes from redundant industrial fire detection systems , telephone dials and medical sources ; the development of techniques for treating heavy metal discharges from industrial smelters ; the provision of packages for radioactive sources used by hospitals and health authorities .
our diverse expertise has been called upon during the past year for the retrieval of radioactive isotopes from redundant industrial fire detection systems , telephone dials and medical sources ; the development of [ways] for treating heavy metal discharges from industrial smelters ; the provision of packages for radioactive sources used by hospitals and health authorities .

As the number of clerical factories has increased , so too has the sophistication of building and maintenance techniques , with the consequence that some buildings are now regarded as ‘ smart ’ or ‘ intelligent ’ .
as the number of clerical factories has increased , so too has the sophistication of building and maintenance [ways] , with the consequence that some buildings are now regarded as ‘ smart ’ or ‘ intelligent ’ .

If it is accepted that the office has become the most common working environment for the majority of the population then it seems increasingly important that those involved in the design , construction and maintenance of them have an understanding of modern management techniques and their implications for employee efficiency .
if it is accepted that the office has become the most common working environment for the majority of the population then it seems increasingly important that those involved in the design , construction and maintenance of them have an understanding of modern management [ways] and their implications for employee efficiency .

Advanced manufacturing techniques mean that clay is no more expensive to use than any other drainage material .
advanced manufacturing [ways] mean that clay is no more expensive to use than any other drainage material .

Looking to the future , filming has been completed on a Service Quality Development video on telephone techniques .
looking to the future , filming has been completed on a service quality development video on telephone [ways] .

‘ In addition to being based on new technology and being over 40 per cent more powerful than its predecessor , the 820 has twice as much memory and this will provide us with the potential to exploit new , more efficient techniques for online applications and batch processing .
‘ in addition to being based on new technology and being over 40 per cent more powerful than its predecessor , the 820 has twice as much memory and this will provide us with the potential to exploit new , more efficient [ways] for online applications and batch processing .

Also in the pipeline are a couple of Service Quality Development videos on counter courtesy and telephone techniques .
also in the pipeline are a couple of service quality development videos on counter courtesy and telephone [ways] .

Staff members trained in Control and Restraint techniques may employ these measures where the situation accords with the conditions specified for their use .
staff members trained in control and restraint [ways] may employ these measures where the situation accords with the conditions specified for their use .

The Police will co-operate with the Department of Education in making a video to demonstrate investigative techniques at the scene of an accident .
the police will co-operate with the department of education in making a video to demonstrate investigative [ways] at the scene of an accident .

Develop improved accident analysis techniques to maximise benefits from the new Capital Budget heading for Road Lighting : Road Safety .
develop improved accident analysis [ways] to maximise benefits from the new capital budget heading for road lighting : road safety .

Using early documentary evidence , Olive Geddes guides the reader expertly through the first four centuries of the sport , shedding light on its birth , the techniques and equipment used , and above all , its social standing as it began to develop from an outlawed activity to the world 's most internationally popular game .
using early documentary evidence , olive geddes guides the reader expertly through the first four centuries of the sport , shedding light on its birth , the [ways] and equipment used , and above all , its social standing as it began to develop from an outlawed activity to the world 's most internationally popular game .

These can lead to catastrophic failures if inspectors do not identify them either visually or by applying non-destructive testing techniques such as X-rays , eddy currents , and ultrasonic inspection .
these can lead to catastrophic failures if inspectors do not identify them either visually or by applying non-destructive testing [ways] such as x-rays , eddy currents , and ultrasonic inspection .

It is hoped that these objectives can be met through developing airframe inspection techniques as a fully integrated system .
it is hoped that these objectives can be met through developing airframe inspection [ways] as a fully integrated system .

In improving inspection techniques , attention will be paid not only to improving non-destructive testing techniques and developing new technologies such as shearography , but also to inspection validation and human errors .
in improving inspection [ways] , attention will be paid not only to improving non-destructive testing [ways] and developing new technologies such as shearography , but also to inspection validation and human errors .

In some industries the process of technology transfer is so poorly established , or the application of a particular technology potentially so widespread , that the use of conventional mass marketing techniques can be effective .
in some industries the process of technology transfer is so poorly established , or the application of a particular technology potentially so widespread , that the use of conventional mass marketing [ways] can be effective .

In other industries , or with other products , much more focused techniques such as seminars or one-to-one presentations may be more appropriate .
in other industries , or with other products , much more focused [ways] such as seminars or one-to-one presentations may be more appropriate .

The relationship between economic development and environmental protection : sometimes mutually reinforcing , sometimes pulling in opposite directions — the importance of effective assessment techniques and policy integration .
the relationship between economic development and environmental protection : sometimes mutually reinforcing , sometimes pulling in opposite directions — the importance of effective assessment [ways] and policy integration .

8 Achieving effective integration of environmental objectives into all sectors of policy , especially through the use of advanced environmental impact assessment techniques .
8 achieving effective integration of environmental objectives into all sectors of policy , especially through the use of advanced environmental impact assessment [ways] .

We strongly support the proposal to produce a Code of Best Practice in collaboration with bodies experienced in land management techniques .
we strongly support the proposal to produce a code of best practice in collaboration with bodies experienced in land management [ways] .

We urge the Government to go much further through the introduction of Strategic Environmental Assessment techniques to bring aggregates consumption down to levels that are environmentally and socially acceptable .
we urge the government to go much further through the introduction of strategic environmental assessment [ways] to bring aggregates consumption down to levels that are environmentally and socially acceptable .

We urge the Government to go much further through the introduction of Strategic Environmental Assessment techniques to bring aggregates consumption down to levels that are environmentally and socially acceptable .
we urge the government to go much further through the introduction of strategic environmental assessment [ways] to bring aggregates consumption down to levels that are environmentally and socially acceptable .

The relationship between economic development and environmental protection : sometimes mutually reinforcing , sometimes pulling in opposite directions — the importance of effective assessment techniques and policy integration .
the relationship between economic development and environmental protection : sometimes mutually reinforcing , sometimes pulling in opposite directions — the importance of effective assessment [ways] and policy integration .

Achieving effective integration of environmental objectives into all sectors of policy , especially through the use of advanced environmental impact assessment techniques .
achieving effective integration of environmental objectives into all sectors of policy , especially through the use of advanced environmental impact assessment [ways] .

The last twenty years has seen the development of a number of semi-quantitative techniques that purport to measure these qualities , but however helpful they may be , most people agree that the subjective element of landscape appreciation is , and will remain , of fundamental importance .
the last twenty years has seen the development of a number of semi-quantitative [ways] that purport to measure these qualities , but however helpful they may be , most people agree that the subjective element of landscape appreciation is , and will remain , of fundamental importance .

This is also reflected in a soon-to-be released report by the Standing Advisory Committee on Trunk Road Assessment which has spent two years studying new economic techniques of valuing the environment .
this is also reflected in a soon-to-be released report by the standing advisory committee on trunk road assessment which has spent two years studying new economic [ways] of valuing the environment .

The levy is the first measure to be implemented from France 's White Paper on the environment , which described French waste disposal techniques as being `` 15 years behind the times `` .
the levy is the first measure to be implemented from france 's white paper on the environment , which described french waste disposal [ways] as being `` 15 years behind the times `` .

Incomefrom the levy will amount to some £40 million which will go towards the development of new waste disposal techniques .
incomefrom the levy will amount to some £40 million which will go towards the development of new waste disposal [ways] .

Techniques of Group Decision-Making
[ways] of group decision-making

Details of how to approach the examination exercise are outlined in a section on evaluation processes and techniques .
details of how to approach the examination exercise are outlined in a section on evaluation processes and [ways] .

Many techniques for assessment in Religious Education are recognised within the Catholic sector but sometimes these are casually applied and yield a diversity of information which is too general for effective use .
many [ways] for assessment in religious education are recognised within the catholic sector but sometimes these are casually applied and yield a diversity of information which is too general for effective use .

The small device which enables Canned Draught Guinness to pour as if from a pub fount looks simple , but well over 100 techniques were designed and tested before the final development of the patented in-can system .
the small device which enables canned draught guinness to pour as if from a pub fount looks simple , but well over 100 [ways] were designed and tested before the final development of the patented in-can system .

Scientists at Boston University , using remote sensing techniques , have found that the desert pavement of Kuwait , southern Iraq and Saudi Arabia has been broken up over large areas by the massed movement of vehicles during the war .
scientists at boston university , using remote sensing [ways] , have found that the desert pavement of kuwait , southern iraq and saudi arabia has been broken up over large areas by the massed movement of vehicles during the war .

Here it will suffice to note that this kind of investigation , employing techniques quite alien to the dominant tradition in linguistics , has revealed that conversational interaction has an elaborate and detailed structure of which we have very little conscious awareness .
here it will suffice to note that this kind of investigation , employing [ways] quite alien to the dominant tradition in linguistics , has revealed that conversational interaction has an elaborate and detailed structure of which we have very little conscious awareness .

However , if it is intended , as part of a general programme of semantic analysis , to extend logical techniques to handle sentences containing indexicals , provision must somehow be made for their context-dependency .
however , if it is intended , as part of a general programme of semantic analysis , to extend logical [ways] to handle sentences containing indexicals , provision must somehow be made for their context-dependency .

Research on diabetes continues in many centres , including Oxford , where research on animals has led to techniques of isolating and purifying the human pancreatic cells that produce insulin with a view to implanting them in diabetic patients and curing the disease .
research on diabetes continues in many centres , including oxford , where research on animals has led to [ways] of isolating and purifying the human pancreatic cells that produce insulin with a view to implanting them in diabetic patients and curing the disease .

Chemical industry representatives have expressed concern that a European Commission paper has not , however , addressed the issues raised by the use of developing biological techniques for use in the agro-chemical , pharmaceutical and food industries .
chemical industry representatives have expressed concern that a european commission paper has not , however , addressed the issues raised by the use of developing biological [ways] for use in the agro-chemical , pharmaceutical and food industries .

Intensive farming techniques had led to a rapid decline in hare numbers during the 1960s and 70s , as traditional hare habitats were destroyed .
intensive farming [ways] had led to a rapid decline in hare numbers during the 1960s and 70s , as traditional hare habitats were destroyed .

It also discusses the possibility of using various `` science fiction `` techniques to counter climate change , including breaking up atmospheric CFCs with laser beams , and dumping huge quantities of iron filings in the sea in order to facilitate the absorption of carbon dioxide .
it also discusses the possibility of using various `` science fiction `` [ways] to counter climate change , including breaking up atmospheric cfcs with laser beams , and dumping huge quantities of iron filings in the sea in order to facilitate the absorption of carbon dioxide .

The National Rivers Authority is set to use `` biological fingerprinting `` techniques to identify farms which allow silage to seep into rivers .
the national rivers authority is set to use `` biological fingerprinting `` [ways] to identify farms which allow silage to seep into rivers .

The new techniques will enable the source of silage pollution to be traced by comparing the biological composition of the polluted stream with that of silage heaps in the area .
the new [ways] will enable the source of silage pollution to be traced by comparing the biological composition of the polluted stream with that of silage heaps in the area .

The compulsory papers are Ideas in Geography , Physical Geography , Human Geography and Geographical Techniques .
the compulsory papers are ideas in geography , physical geography , human geography and geographical [ways] .

The Geographical Techniques course is in two parts , the first of which covers a wide range of methods , including the collection of data and techniques for analysing geographical material as well as theoretical aspects of the subject .
the geographical [ways] course is in two parts , the first of which covers a wide range of methods , including the collection of data and [ways] for analysing geographical material as well as theoretical aspects of the subject .

Conservationists claim that even `` modern `` logging techniques will thin out the forest , leaving just a few `` mother `` trees standing in clearings .
conservationists claim that even `` modern `` logging [ways] will thin out the forest , leaving just a few `` mother `` trees standing in clearings .

Opportunities exist for skills development in classroom techniques , distance/open learning , outdoor education and process consultancy .
opportunities exist for skills development in classroom [ways] , distance/open learning , outdoor education and process consultancy .

The incident adumbrates an attitude of mind which is mirrored in the linguistic techniques exploited later in the novel .
the incident adumbrates an attitude of mind which is mirrored in the linguistic [ways] exploited later in the novel .

The book is in five sections : basic techniques and problem solving ; dimensions of language variation ; poetic uses of language ; reading figures of speech ; aspects of narrative , and beyond the text .
the book is in five sections : basic [ways] and problem solving ; dimensions of language variation ; poetic uses of language ; reading figures of speech ; aspects of narrative , and beyond the text .

Within this framework a wide range of other headings is covered , from gender to register , from implied reader to cinematic techniques , from deviation to rhyme , sound and rhythm .
within this framework a wide range of other headings is covered , from gender to register , from implied reader to cinematic [ways] , from deviation to rhyme , sound and rhythm .

In the course of the book Nash delineates popfiction by comparing it with the classics and tabloid journalism ( Chapter 1 ) , with naturally occurring conversation ( Chapters 2 and 3 ) , and finally with narrative techniques pertaining to film-making ( Chapter 5 ) .
in the course of the book nash delineates popfiction by comparing it with the classics and tabloid journalism ( chapter 1 ) , with naturally occurring conversation ( chapters 2 and 3 ) , and finally with narrative [ways] pertaining to film-making ( chapter 5 ) .

The following techniques are outlawed under s3 : restricting the right to bid to more than one article ; goods being knocked down for a price less than the highest bid ; or where there are `` free `` gifts .
the following [ways] are outlawed under s3 : restricting the right to bid to more than one article ; goods being knocked down for a price less than the highest bid ; or where there are `` free `` gifts .

Recent linguistic work on characterisation has used the principles and analytical techniques of pragmatics and discourse analysis to considerable effect .
recent linguistic work on characterisation has used the principles and analytical [ways] of pragmatics and discourse analysis to considerable effect .

Blake does acknowledge `` critical overkill `` ( p. 144 ) , but claims that by applying these various techniques the poem `` can be appreciated more fully and critically `` ( p. 144 ) .
blake does acknowledge `` critical overkill `` ( p. 144 ) , but claims that by applying these various [ways] the poem `` can be appreciated more fully and critically `` ( p. 144 ) .

Before considering the different techniques for resolving conflicts of interest , it is first necessary to outline when a fiduciary relationship arises and the duties that a fiduciary owes to the beneficiary , for our purposes the customer .
before considering the different [ways] for resolving conflicts of interest , it is first necessary to outline when a fiduciary relationship arises and the duties that a fiduciary owes to the beneficiary , for our purposes the customer .

Can the practitioner avoid the problem ? — techniques for resolving conflicts under the general law
can the practitioner avoid the problem ? — [ways] for resolving conflicts under the general law

First , there are what may be termed contractual techniques which are arrived at by agreement between the parties .
first , there are what may be termed contractual [ways] which are arrived at by agreement between the parties .

There are also `` structural `` techniques whereby the business of the firm is organised in such a way as to eliminate or minimise conflicts .
there are also `` structural `` [ways] whereby the business of the firm is organised in such a way as to eliminate or minimise conflicts .

These techniques are not necessarily alternatives .
these [ways] are not necessarily alternatives .

We have seen that while practitioners in the financial services field can take certain measures towards reducing their exposure to allegations of breach of fiduciary duty and avoiding conflicts between fiduciary law and regulatory law , there is some doubt as to the efficacy of these techniques and uncertainty as to what is required to ensure that they are reliable .
we have seen that while practitioners in the financial services field can take certain measures towards reducing their exposure to allegations of breach of fiduciary duty and avoiding conflicts between fiduciary law and regulatory law , there is some doubt as to the efficacy of these [ways] and uncertainty as to what is required to ensure that they are reliable .

Where ordinary communication is not possible it may be necessary to use interpreters or employ alternative techniques such as sign language , braille etc .
where ordinary communication is not possible it may be necessary to use interpreters or employ alternative [ways] such as sign language , braille etc .

Less rewarding techniques are those based on faecal examination , either by flotation or by the Baerman method .
less rewarding [ways] are those based on faecal examination , either by flotation or by the baerman method .

Being dense , the egg float more readily in saturated solutions of zinc sulphate or magnesium sulphate than in the saturated sodium chloride solution which is used in most faecal examination techniques .
being dense , the egg float more readily in saturated solutions of zinc sulphate or magnesium sulphate than in the saturated sodium chloride solution which is used in most faecal examination [ways] .

All the internal applications follow all the rules and use no " back door " techniques .
all the internal applications follow all the rules and use no " back door " [ways] .

It declares that there is no law — no right flowing from past political decisions — apart from the law drawn from those decisions by techniques that are themselves matters of convention , and therefore that on some issues there is no law either way .
it declares that there is no law — no right flowing from past political decisions — apart from the law drawn from those decisions by [ways] that are themselves matters of convention , and therefore that on some issues there is no law either way .

As the user becomes more experienced , her/his needs become more sophisticated and the user can go on to explore the more specialist facilities and techniques of the program and learn how to use it more expertly .
as the user becomes more experienced , her/his needs become more sophisticated and the user can go on to explore the more specialist facilities and [ways] of the program and learn how to use it more expertly .

Many mothers with parenting difficulties had a long history of emotional problems themselves , and seemed generally lacking in sensitivity to their children 's anxieties and needs rather than deficient in specific child management techniques .
many mothers with parenting difficulties had a long history of emotional problems themselves , and seemed generally lacking in sensitivity to their children 's anxieties and needs rather than deficient in specific child management [ways] .

Or it may take a more structured approach drawn from cognitive therapy techniques .
or it may take a more structured approach drawn from cognitive therapy [ways] .

Some stress management techniques for controlling anxiety , which have acquired a degree of popularity , also show certain similarities ( e.g .
some stress management [ways] for controlling anxiety , which have acquired a degree of popularity , also show certain similarities ( e.g .

Indeed , some hospitals have begun to experiment with providing complete physical rest as central to a treatment programme for cardiac cases , which is then followed by instruction on relaxation techniques through which people may be more effective in controlling anxiety ( e.g .
indeed , some hospitals have begun to experiment with providing complete physical rest as central to a treatment programme for cardiac cases , which is then followed by instruction on relaxation [ways] through which people may be more effective in controlling anxiety ( e.g .

During all this , the Richardson 's did n't abandon their old techniques .
during all this , the richardson 's did n't abandon their old [ways] .

We do not have space for a full description of all the experimental techniques used in obtaining the results discussed in this book .
we do not have space for a full description of all the experimental [ways] used in obtaining the results discussed in this book .

The techniques appropriate to different branches of fluid mechanics — and to different experiments within one branch — are diverse , and decisions about those to be used in a particular project require detailed consideration of the successes and failures of those used in previous related projects .
the [ways] appropriate to different branches of fluid mechanics — and to different experiments within one branch — are diverse , and decisions about those to be used in a particular project require detailed consideration of the successes and failures of those used in previous related projects .

The choice between these two often depends on the type of experiment ; more successful techniques for velocity measurement have been developed for air than for water , whilst flow visualization is generally more successful in water than in air .
the choice between these two often depends on the type of experiment ; more successful [ways] for velocity measurement have been developed for air than for water , whilst flow visualization is generally more successful in water than in air .

The remaining techniques have not given rise to general-purpose instruments but have proved useful in particular experiments .
the remaining [ways] have not given rise to general-purpose instruments but have proved useful in particular experiments .

Many experiments have used purpose-built probes rather than one of the standard techniques .
many experiments have used purpose-built probes rather than one of the standard [ways] .

Other techniques , such as using reflecting flakes , give overall information about the structure of the flow .
other [ways] , such as using reflecting flakes , give overall information about the structure of the flow .

The last group of flow-visualization methods to be considered consists of optical techniques making use of refractive index variations in the fluid .
the last group of flow-visualization methods to be considered consists of optical [ways] making use of refractive index variations in the fluid .

However , even in nominally constant-density flows it may be possible to introduce density differences which are large enough to allow the use of one of these techniques whilst keeping the internal Froude number high enough for the flow to be unaffected .
however , even in nominally constant-density flows it may be possible to introduce density differences which are large enough to allow the use of one of these [ways] whilst keeping the internal froude number high enough for the flow to be unaffected .

All these techniques work best in two-dimensional configurations , as the observed pattern is the integrated effect of the passage of the light through the fluid .
all these [ways] work best in two-dimensional configurations , as the observed pattern is the integrated effect of the passage of the light through the fluid .

Of course , these are not necessarily easier to interpret — techniques such as conditional sampling ( Section 19.6 ) may again be invoked — but they can illuminate different aspects .
of course , these are not necessarily easier to interpret — [ways] such as conditional sampling ( section 19.6 ) may again be invoked — but they can illuminate different aspects .

The logic of embroidery/stitch , as a historically bounded category , might tell us , for instance , that it is a decorative/representational/ultilarian/ceremonial form ; it employs particular materials , which are soft ( cloth , thread ) ; it employs particular techniques ( stitch ) ; and should display evidence of skill .
the logic of embroidery/stitch , as a historically bounded category , might tell us , for instance , that it is a decorative/representational/ultilarian/ceremonial form ; it employs particular materials , which are soft ( cloth , thread ) ; it employs particular [ways] ( stitch ) ; and should display evidence of skill .

The following sections look at various techniques of monetary policy in each of the three categories : ( a ) controlling the money supply , ( b ) controlling interest rates and ( c ) rationing credit .
the following sections look at various [ways] of monetary policy in each of the three categories : ( a ) controlling the money supply , ( b ) controlling interest rates and ( c ) rationing credit .

Techniques to control the money supply
[ways] to control the money supply

The possible techniques available to the authorities have one major feature in common : they involve manipulating the liquid assets of the banking system .
the possible [ways] available to the authorities have one major feature in common : they involve manipulating the liquid assets of the banking system .

Before they can actually apply techniques of monetary control , there are two preliminary decisions the authorities must make :
before they can actually apply [ways] of monetary control , there are two preliminary decisions the authorities must make :

There are three techniques that have been used to control money supply .
there are three [ways] that have been used to control money supply .

Although all three techniques have been used in the past , they have not been used as the prime form of monetary policy .
although all three [ways] have been used in the past , they have not been used as the prime form of monetary policy .

Techniques to control interest rates
[ways] to control interest rates

Techniques to ration credit
[ways] to ration credit

Finally , banks ' liquidity can be reduced directly by techniques such as special deposits .
finally , banks ' liquidity can be reduced directly by [ways] such as special deposits .

The use of monetary techniques .
the use of monetary [ways] .

Basic Recipes , Equipment & techniques
basic recipes , equipment & [ways]

Fantasy cake making relies not only on decorating techniques and artistic effort but on successful baking in the first place .
fantasy cake making relies not only on decorating [ways] and artistic effort but on successful baking in the first place .

Next , a checklist of cake baking and decorating equipment is described , and there is an invaluable section on the different baking and decorating techniques used in this book .
next , a checklist of cake baking and decorating equipment is described , and there is an invaluable section on the different baking and decorating [ways] used in this book .

The book then shows how to colour icing and marzipan with food colouring , and piping techniques are explained with the help of illustrations .
the book then shows how to colour icing and marzipan with food colouring , and piping [ways] are explained with the help of illustrations .

Basic Equipment & techniques
basic equipment & [ways]

Use the following techniques for lining tins for quick and madeira sponge cakes , and for fruit cakes .
use the following [ways] for lining tins for quick and madeira sponge cakes , and for fruit cakes .

The techniques involved are quite simple , although it is a good idea to practise first with spare icing if you are unused to handling icing and piping bags .
the [ways] involved are quite simple , although it is a good idea to practise first with spare icing if you are unused to handling icing and piping bags .

Computer-aided design and engineering techniques were used extensively in the creation of the Clio 's bodyshell . These helped in achieving
computer-aided design and engineering [ways] were used extensively in the creation of the clio 's bodyshell . these helped in achieving

Improved Panel Fit — Advanced constructional techniques are used for critical joints such as the roof/bodyside and wheelarch/side panel .
improved panel fit — advanced constructional [ways] are used for critical joints such as the roof/bodyside and wheelarch/side panel .

This has led to the adoption of a wide range of contraceptive techniques including the use of oral contraceptives ( the biological origins of which are now eagerly sought by pharmaceutical companies ) .
this has led to the adoption of a wide range of contraceptive [ways] including the use of oral contraceptives ( the biological origins of which are now eagerly sought by pharmaceutical companies ) .

Despite resistance of markets to novelty and indeed diversity and the fact that few mills can handle a diversity of timbers , the advent of techniques for pulping mixtures of species means that the diversity of the rain forest becomes less of a problem .
despite resistance of markets to novelty and indeed diversity and the fact that few mills can handle a diversity of timbers , the advent of [ways] for pulping mixtures of species means that the diversity of the rain forest becomes less of a problem .

The musical coherence produced by the same techniques in Arion is rare in the cantata , for its composers generally yielded to Italian influence in seeking vivid contrasts between movements .
the musical coherence produced by the same [ways] in arion is rare in the cantata , for its composers generally yielded to italian influence in seeking vivid contrasts between movements .

She could do it — not with her fists but with the techniques learned in martial arts .
she could do it — not with her fists but with the [ways] learned in martial arts .

The material erupted during episodes of volcanic activity can be dated by radiometric techniques and can therefore provide a minimum age for the landsurface over which it lies .
the material erupted during episodes of volcanic activity can be dated by radiometric [ways] and can therefore provide a minimum age for the landsurface over which it lies .

In Sweden these potential documents ‘ which could be made available by the possibilities to combine and search through information using computer techniques were official documents ’ ( ibid . )
in sweden these potential documents ‘ which could be made available by the possibilities to combine and search through information using computer [ways] were official documents ’ ( ibid . )

‘ Whilst appropriate tools , techniques and procedures are in place to manage traditional paper — based records , there is no equivalent for electronic information generated in office systems .
‘ whilst appropriate tools , [ways] and procedures are in place to manage traditional paper — based records , there is no equivalent for electronic information generated in office systems .

There also seems to be a consensus among professionals from widely diverse backgrounds that the corporate memories of organisations are threatened by a lack of tools , techniques and procedures to enable the effective management of electronic records .
there also seems to be a consensus among professionals from widely diverse backgrounds that the corporate memories of organisations are threatened by a lack of tools , [ways] and procedures to enable the effective management of electronic records .

The vast majority of computer literate historians are far less adventuresome and stick more closely to techniques taken from our cousins in the social and behavioural science .
the vast majority of computer literate historians are far less adventuresome and stick more closely to [ways] taken from our cousins in the social and behavioural science .

On the contrary , the use of such materials will consolidate and extend our students ’ familiarity with computational techniques while introducing them to a relatively new and important range of historical source material .
on the contrary , the use of such materials will consolidate and extend our students ’ familiarity with computational [ways] while introducing them to a relatively new and important range of historical source material .

We do not have to decide whether to keep in bulk or alternatively to sample , particular instance papers which electronic data handling techniques now make potentially useful to the historian in ways that they simply were not before .
we do not have to decide whether to keep in bulk or alternatively to sample , particular instance papers which electronic data handling [ways] now make potentially useful to the historian in ways that they simply were not before .

Similar techniques have been used on the fire-damaged medieval manuscripts of our Cotton collection .
similar [ways] have been used on the fire-damaged medieval manuscripts of our cotton collection .

They must extend knowledge of and training in these techniques amongst themselves .
they must extend knowledge of and training in these [ways] amongst themselves .

They must also plunder with much greater vigour the techniques of neighbouring disciplines .
they must also plunder with much greater vigour the [ways] of neighbouring disciplines .

They must also enter the dangerous ground of anticipating the techniques which might be available in the future .
they must also enter the dangerous ground of anticipating the [ways] which might be available in the future .

Both the techniques of bacteriology — the microscope , the preparation of cultures and slides , etc .
both the [ways] of bacteriology — the microscope , the preparation of cultures and slides , etc .

Techniques like antisepsis ( developed by Lister [ 1827–1912 ] around 1865 ) , ‘ pasteurisation ’ or other methods of safeguarding organic products from the intrusions of microbes , and inoculation were at hand , and the arguments and results sufficiently palpable to break down even the entrenched hostility of the medical profession .
[ways] like antisepsis ( developed by lister [ 1827–1912 ] around 1865 ) , ‘ pasteurisation ’ or other methods of safeguarding organic products from the intrusions of microbes , and inoculation were at hand , and the arguments and results sufficiently palpable to break down even the entrenched hostility of the medical profession .

Phillips 's original exercise had many features which were attractive to applied econometricians : the initial empirical work had been rather haphazard , leaving many important hypotheses untested ; the estimation techniques were simple ; it was a reduced form equation , a collapsed version of a larger structural model , leading to the possibility of biases ; in addition to the omission of many potentially significant explanatory variables , much refinement needed to be performed on the time series data .
phillips 's original exercise had many features which were attractive to applied econometricians : the initial empirical work had been rather haphazard , leaving many important hypotheses untested ; the estimation [ways] were simple ; it was a reduced form equation , a collapsed version of a larger structural model , leading to the possibility of biases ; in addition to the omission of many potentially significant explanatory variables , much refinement needed to be performed on the time series data .

The techniques of applied econometrics could not be deployed upon a hypothesis in which most of the relevant variables could not be directly measured and in which the focus of attention was continually shifting sometimes leapfrogging was the problem , sometimes real wage resistance , sometimes a Marxian class struggle for shares in the national income , but at most times some miscellany of all three problems was present contemporaneously .
the [ways] of applied econometrics could not be deployed upon a hypothesis in which most of the relevant variables could not be directly measured and in which the focus of attention was continually shifting sometimes leapfrogging was the problem , sometimes real wage resistance , sometimes a marxian class struggle for shares in the national income , but at most times some miscellany of all three problems was present contemporaneously .

Ancient forest reserves are to be set up and less damaging forestry techniques tested .
ancient forest reserves are to be set up and less damaging forestry [ways] tested .

Farmland birds are declining in numbers and contracting their range because of modern farming techniques , according to the British Trust for Ornithology .
farmland birds are declining in numbers and contracting their range because of modern farming [ways] , according to the british trust for ornithology .

Medieval techniques of pollarding and woodland grazing are to be reintroduced in an effort to combat the decline of a group of 400 year-old beeches at Burnham Beeches , Buckinghamshire .
medieval [ways] of pollarding and woodland grazing are to be reintroduced in an effort to combat the decline of a group of 400 year-old beeches at burnham beeches , buckinghamshire .

It commits all signatory states to ( i ) use the best available techniques for controlling pollution , ( ii ) reduce discharges of toxic waste to harmless levels by the year 2000 , and ( iii ) refrain from all dumping of radioactive waste for a period of 15 years .
it commits all signatory states to ( i ) use the best available [ways] for controlling pollution , ( ii ) reduce discharges of toxic waste to harmless levels by the year 2000 , and ( iii ) refrain from all dumping of radioactive waste for a period of 15 years .

In the West , techniques such as artificial insemination have played a crucial role in the drive for greater productivity such as higher milk-yields , leaner meat and bigger litters .
in the west , [ways] such as artificial insemination have played a crucial role in the drive for greater productivity such as higher milk-yields , leaner meat and bigger litters .

Biomass will combine a range of recycling techniques to deal with the 40,000 tons of domestic waste generated by the 125,000 residents of Halton every year .
biomass will combine a range of recycling [ways] to deal with the 40,000 tons of domestic waste generated by the 125,000 residents of halton every year .

It is to include research into the techniques of sustainable timber extraction and the pharmaceutical and genetic potential of the South American country 's forest resources , centred on a newly-established scientific reserve of 3,400 square kilometres , close to the Brazilian border .
it is to include research into the [ways] of sustainable timber extraction and the pharmaceutical and genetic potential of the south american country 's forest resources , centred on a newly-established scientific reserve of 3,400 square kilometres , close to the brazilian border .

Stone had belatedly launched a publicity campaign at the end of January , claiming that it would adopt `` environmentally-sound `` , labour intensive logging techniques , and reforest areas which have been cleared by slash-and-burn farmers .
stone had belatedly launched a publicity campaign at the end of january , claiming that it would adopt `` environmentally-sound `` , labour intensive logging [ways] , and reforest areas which have been cleared by slash-and-burn farmers .

The advert , which appeared in the October 1992 edition of Architectural Review , claimed that the Board supplied timber from `` one of the worlds best conserved forests [ using ] best possible conservation techniques `` in a way which led to `` national progress and the betterment of the people `` .
the advert , which appeared in the october 1992 edition of architectural review , claimed that the board supplied timber from `` one of the worlds best conserved forests [ using ] best possible conservation [ways] `` in a way which led to `` national progress and the betterment of the people `` .

The Chairman of Scottish Power , Sir Donald Miller , said the market for waste incineration was expected to grow substantially in the coming years , `` in the light of increased environmental concerns and the regulation of traditional dumping techniques `` .
the chairman of scottish power , sir donald miller , said the market for waste incineration was expected to grow substantially in the coming years , `` in the light of increased environmental concerns and the regulation of traditional dumping [ways] `` .

The new measures aim to ( i ) encourage water conservation by increasing public awareness and improving technical facilities ; ( ii ) increase research into water-saving technologies ; ( iii ) extend the use of water-saving techniques and equipment ; ( iv ) establish a rational water-pricing system , including surcharges for wastage ; and ( v ) develop the exploitation of polluted water and seawater resources .
the new measures aim to ( i ) encourage water conservation by increasing public awareness and improving technical facilities ; ( ii ) increase research into water-saving technologies ; ( iii ) extend the use of water-saving [ways] and equipment ; ( iv ) establish a rational water-pricing system , including surcharges for wastage ; and ( v ) develop the exploitation of polluted water and seawater resources .

Old-style large warrens , which had virtually disappeared as a result of modern farming techniques , are re-appearing in the middle of set aside fields .
old-style large warrens , which had virtually disappeared as a result of modern farming [ways] , are re-appearing in the middle of set aside fields .

Its chair , Professor John Knill , described the Ministry of Defence land as `` an effectively pristine platform `` , since much of it has never been subjected to modern agricultural techniques .
its chair , professor john knill , described the ministry of defence land as `` an effectively pristine platform `` , since much of it has never been subjected to modern agricultural [ways] .

Government defence and space laboratories will be involved in the research , on development of new lightweight and recyclable materials , three types of new engines ( electronic , fuel cell and more efficient petrol engines ) and advanced manufacturing techniques .
government defence and space laboratories will be involved in the research , on development of new lightweight and recyclable materials , three types of new engines ( electronic , fuel cell and more efficient petrol engines ) and advanced manufacturing [ways] .

Industry became more mechanized , improvements took place in agricultural production techniques , and there were improvements in transport and in the organization of trade and banking .
industry became more mechanized , improvements took place in agricultural production [ways] , and there were improvements in transport and in the organization of trade and banking .

It accepted , or appeared to accept , both the welfare state and Keynesian techniques of demand management .
it accepted , or appeared to accept , both the welfare state and keynesian [ways] of demand management .

It is only to be expected that these two rather different techniques , the Doppler shift technique and the `` chirp radar `` technique , would be useful for different special purposes .
it is only to be expected that these two rather different [ways] , the doppler shift technique and the `` chirp radar `` technique , would be useful for different special purposes .

He charges firstly that the present techniques fail to exploit the opportunity which interactive computing can offer .
he charges firstly that the present [ways] fail to exploit the opportunity which interactive computing can offer .

The first is to accept the skill and knowledge of the designer , and to try to give designers improved techniques and improved facilities for exercising this skill and knowledge .
the first is to accept the skill and knowledge of the designer , and to try to give designers improved [ways] and improved facilities for exercising this skill and knowledge .

Socially useful designs of advanced systems would develop these techniques further .
socially useful designs of advanced systems would develop these [ways] further .

The widespread introduction of microelectronics based technology could transform the techniques and organisation of work .
the widespread introduction of microelectronics based technology could transform the [ways] and organisation of work .

As has been noted above , up until now there appears to have been comparatively little research to test public responses to the various new technologies , both large and small scale , or to involve the wider public in the debate about energy policy and the choices to be made from a range of techniques .
as has been noted above , up until now there appears to have been comparatively little research to test public responses to the various new technologies , both large and small scale , or to involve the wider public in the debate about energy policy and the choices to be made from a range of [ways] .

But embedded voices and ambiguous modes of focalisation are not particular to narrative fiction , and the analytical techniques derived from linguistics for literary stylistics and narratology may be borrowed back for application to non-literary discourses with all the added explanatory power that such interdisciplinary sabbaticals can achieve .
but embedded voices and ambiguous modes of focalisation are not particular to narrative fiction , and the analytical [ways] derived from linguistics for literary stylistics and narratology may be borrowed back for application to non-literary discourses with all the added explanatory power that such interdisciplinary sabbaticals can achieve .

The methods proposed are intended to enable students to obtain insights into aspects of cohesion and narrative structure ; insights , it is suggested , which are not as readily obtainable through more traditional techniques of stylistic analysis .
the methods proposed are intended to enable students to obtain insights into aspects of cohesion and narrative structure ; insights , it is suggested , which are not as readily obtainable through more traditional [ways] of stylistic analysis .

Its articles and memorandum state that the overall objective for the company is to exploit for the community of West Belfast job finding and job training techniques .
its articles and memorandum state that the overall objective for the company is to exploit for the community of west belfast job finding and job training [ways] .

Israel appears to have shared many of the techniques and conceptions of sacrifice of her neighbours , but her own observances were set firmly in the framework of God 's revelation at Sinai .
israel appears to have shared many of the [ways] and conceptions of sacrifice of her neighbours , but her own observances were set firmly in the framework of god 's revelation at sinai .

First , historical criticism has determined the techniques used for dating a document .
first , historical criticism has determined the [ways] used for dating a document .

All these techniques lead to the same conclusion .
all these [ways] lead to the same conclusion .

The techniques of swimming were now revolutionised .
the [ways] of swimming were now revolutionised .

The most extreme and physically complicated breeding techniques are those in which the eggs and the developing larvae are kept moist by being retained actually within the body of the parent .
the most extreme and physically complicated breeding [ways] are those in which the eggs and the developing larvae are kept moist by being retained actually within the body of the parent .

The most bizarre of all these techniques , at least to our eyes , prejudiced as we are to a mammalian way of doing things , is that practised by Rhinoderma , a tiny frog that Darwin found in Southern Chile .
the most bizarre of all these [ways] , at least to our eyes , prejudiced as we are to a mammalian way of doing things , is that practised by rhinoderma , a tiny frog that darwin found in southern chile .

So by these and many more ingenious techniques , the anurans have minimised their dependence on moisture for mating and for hatching and rearing young .
so by these and many more ingenious [ways] , the anurans have minimised their dependence on moisture for mating and for hatching and rearing young .

The major difficulty with The Confidential Clerk , however , is that its techniques of stage action are so thoroughly and obviously conventional that anything Eliot cares to place within them is diminished .
the major difficulty with the confidential clerk , however , is that its [ways] of stage action are so thoroughly and obviously conventional that anything eliot cares to place within them is diminished .

The advent of twentieth-century mass propaganda technologies and techniques — heralded in the Great War , developed subsequently in totalitarian regimes ( the Soviet Union , Nazi Germany ) — no less than the development of sound broadcasting in France , led Parliament , after much hesitation , to vote the law of 1923 .
the advent of twentieth-century mass propaganda technologies and [ways] — heralded in the great war , developed subsequently in totalitarian regimes ( the soviet union , nazi germany ) — no less than the development of sound broadcasting in france , led parliament , after much hesitation , to vote the law of 1923 .

For Sam Wanamaker aims to make this an opportunity to furnish the International Globe Centre with work by British craftspeople , while recreating the theatre using 17th century techniques .
for sam wanamaker aims to make this an opportunity to furnish the international globe centre with work by british craftspeople , while recreating the theatre using 17th century [ways] .

‘ The Globe 's going to be a hand-crafted object , using techniques of the period , and the materials , including thatch . ’
‘ the globe 's going to be a hand-crafted object , using [ways] of the period , and the materials , including thatch . ’

Making replicas of existing chairs is generally done to extend sets of antique chairs , but it can also prove a very useful introduction to chair-making techniques .
making replicas of existing chairs is generally done to extend sets of antique chairs , but it can also prove a very useful introduction to chair-making [ways] .

Those with special techniques or a particular knowledge of equipment , tools , materials , etc .
those with special [ways] or a particular knowledge of equipment , tools , materials , etc .

This workshop will be dedicated to making modern products from the woodlands , and while materials for its construction will be traditional , the building techniques will be modern .
this workshop will be dedicated to making modern products from the woodlands , and while materials for its construction will be traditional , the building [ways] will be modern .

Yew provides us with some of the best examples , and anybody interested in the traditional construction techniques might like to visit the Chair Museum in High Wycombe .
yew provides us with some of the best examples , and anybody interested in the traditional construction [ways] might like to visit the chair museum in high wycombe .

It is this group which has greatest acquaintanceship with the facts and techniques of sex and sexuality and the least inhibition surrounding them .
it is this group which has greatest acquaintanceship with the facts and [ways] of sex and sexuality and the least inhibition surrounding them .

Nevertheless , sex is n't just a matter of the body and recent emphasis on the successes of Masters and Johnson type techniques , 8 may result in incautious application of their techniques by the unknowledgeable .
nevertheless , sex is n't just a matter of the body and recent emphasis on the successes of masters and johnson type [ways] , 8 may result in incautious application of their [ways] by the unknowledgeable .

The results , with one notable exception , were to make improvements to earlier discoveries like radar and jet propulsion , rather than to create totally new techniques or weapons .
the results , with one notable exception , were to make improvements to earlier discoveries like radar and jet propulsion , rather than to create totally new [ways] or weapons .

One could then find out what else was available on emigration , or on Cornish tin-miners , or on southern Wisconsin , or the nineteenth century , or any permutation of two or more in relation to other topics , such as the design of houses or the techniques of mining , or at another level of student understanding , or another format entirely .
one could then find out what else was available on emigration , or on cornish tin-miners , or on southern wisconsin , or the nineteenth century , or any permutation of two or more in relation to other topics , such as the design of houses or the [ways] of mining , or at another level of student understanding , or another format entirely .

In the wider field of information processing in general , the development of computers and other sophisticated instruments has opened up a great many possibilities for really elaborate information retrieval techniques , but there remain very substantial difficulties of thesaurus control which librarians and information scientists in , particularly , the United Kingdom are at present exhaustively examining .
in the wider field of information processing in general , the development of computers and other sophisticated instruments has opened up a great many possibilities for really elaborate information retrieval [ways] , but there remain very substantial difficulties of thesaurus control which librarians and information scientists in , particularly , the united kingdom are at present exhaustively examining .

For many of us , one of the fascinations of teaching is that it is not a static affair , a series of learned techniques regularly applied , but a continuing exploration of possibilities .
for many of us , one of the fascinations of teaching is that it is not a static affair , a series of learned [ways] regularly applied , but a continuing exploration of possibilities .

Creation stories from eight cultures had been distinguished — Egyptian , Norse , African , Oceanic , Greek , Mexican , Indian and the Genesis account — and these could be divided amongst the eight groups very happily , with the addition of timetabled periods of art and music-drama for double groups , in which basic techniques were linked to suitable themes ( for instance , shrine-building , rain-making ceremonies ) .
creation stories from eight cultures had been distinguished — egyptian , norse , african , oceanic , greek , mexican , indian and the genesis account — and these could be divided amongst the eight groups very happily , with the addition of timetabled periods of art and music-drama for double groups , in which basic [ways] were linked to suitable themes ( for instance , shrine-building , rain-making ceremonies ) .

It was possible with work-card and booklets to give scope and variety to this work as well as necessary structure , and `` the members of the team in their original discussions , will have built into the courses the skills and techniques they think should be learnt and practised by eleven-year-olds. ``
it was possible with work-card and booklets to give scope and variety to this work as well as necessary structure , and `` the members of the team in their original discussions , will have built into the courses the skills and [ways] they think should be learnt and practised by eleven-year-olds. ``

Recent attention has been focused on the stunned myocardium and while established methods of assessing ventricular function are unable to detect such jeopardised myocardium , newer imaging techniques such as positron emission tomography , nuclear magnetic resonance or contrast echocardiography may further improve risk stratification in the future .
recent attention has been focused on the stunned myocardium and while established methods of assessing ventricular function are unable to detect such jeopardised myocardium , newer imaging [ways] such as positron emission tomography , nuclear magnetic resonance or contrast echocardiography may further improve risk stratification in the future .

Time management techniques have become a fatuous fashion .
time management [ways] have become a fatuous fashion .

He spurns systems , gimmicks or fashion techniques peddled by consultants .
he spurns systems , gimmicks or fashion [ways] peddled by consultants .

These are not the superficial ten-step techniques advocated in upmarket journals .
these are not the superficial ten-step [ways] advocated in upmarket journals .

The used-car trader , the insurance `` consultant `` , the door-to-door sales person applying high-pressure techniques have all brought selling into disrepute .
the used-car trader , the insurance `` consultant `` , the door-to-door sales person applying high-pressure [ways] have all brought selling into disrepute .

At home they propagate a mythological aura about their secret sales expertise , often no more than the latest gimmicks applied to age-old techniques .
at home they propagate a mythological aura about their secret sales expertise , often no more than the latest gimmicks applied to age-old [ways] .

Since so many of the walks in this area are dominated by the old lead-mine workings it 's probably worthwhile looking for a little here at the history and techniques of lead-mining .
since so many of the walks in this area are dominated by the old lead-mine workings it 's probably worthwhile looking for a little here at the history and [ways] of lead-mining .

Techniques of scholarly investigation and particularly modes of `` literacy `` exposition and expression are tied to perceptions of individuals worth , in a manner also quite characteristic of other professions .
[ways] of scholarly investigation and particularly modes of `` literacy `` exposition and expression are tied to perceptions of individuals worth , in a manner also quite characteristic of other professions .

The course started with an introduction to desktop publishing and continued with sessions looking at layout styles and techniques , the use and production of graphics , and the setting up of templates for regular publications .
the course started with an introduction to desktop publishing and continued with sessions looking at layout styles and [ways] , the use and production of graphics , and the setting up of templates for regular publications .

Such skills range from interpersonal communication techniques , to production skills in folk media , small controlled media and mass media , as well as use of new high-tech information technologies as communication tools for development .
such skills range from interpersonal communication [ways] , to production skills in folk media , small controlled media and mass media , as well as use of new high-tech information technologies as communication tools for development .

With the help of the Henry Moore Foundation and the Gabo Trust , we are now organising a European-wide conference in which the purpose and techniques of sculpture conservation can be addressed .
with the help of the henry moore foundation and the gabo trust , we are now organising a european-wide conference in which the purpose and [ways] of sculpture conservation can be addressed .

In order to allow for discussion and demonstration of techniques , we plan to limit participation to 200 sculpture conservators , art historians , and other interested parties .
in order to allow for discussion and demonstration of [ways] , we plan to limit participation to 200 sculpture conservators , art historians , and other interested parties .

In 1912 he first used stencilled figures and letters in ‘ Guitare ’ , an oval painting owned by the Musée de Grenoble , and in 1913 adopted collage techniques , as in ‘ Tivoli-Cinéma ’ , a work which once belonged to Pablo Picasso .
in 1912 he first used stencilled figures and letters in ‘ guitare ’ , an oval painting owned by the musée de grenoble , and in 1913 adopted collage [ways] , as in ‘ tivoli-cinéma ’ , a work which once belonged to pablo picasso .

Where does this leave us today ? Despite the recent re-issue of Rewald 's classic monograph , we still lack a true catalogue raisonné , bringing together all the visual and documentary material and engaging with the fundamental issues ; for example , after the sensational exhibition of the Mellon waxes at the National Gallery in Washington in 1991 , there is an even greater need for a study of the relationship of the waxes to the 1,500 or so bronze casts scattered throughout the world ; more understanding of Degas ' techniques and the reproductive processes used by his founder is urgently required ; a consideration of the images themselves , and their place in contemporary sculpture , is conspicuous by its absence ; and , the biggest question of all , the role of these wax figures in the wider oeuvre cries out to be examined .
where does this leave us today ? despite the recent re-issue of rewald 's classic monograph , we still lack a true catalogue raisonné , bringing together all the visual and documentary material and engaging with the fundamental issues ; for example , after the sensational exhibition of the mellon waxes at the national gallery in washington in 1991 , there is an even greater need for a study of the relationship of the waxes to the 1,500 or so bronze casts scattered throughout the world ; more understanding of degas ' [ways] and the reproductive processes used by his founder is urgently required ; a consideration of the images themselves , and their place in contemporary sculpture , is conspicuous by its absence ; and , the biggest question of all , the role of these wax figures in the wider oeuvre cries out to be examined .

From 12 June until 18 July , when the gallery closes for the summer , Schweins will cover the walls with fifty small paintings by Ralf Voltmann , who appropriates styles and techniques ranging from Nolde to Polke and Richter , and sometimes creates images by puncturing the canvas with a drill .
from 12 june until 18 july , when the gallery closes for the summer , schweins will cover the walls with fifty small paintings by ralf voltmann , who appropriates styles and [ways] ranging from nolde to polke and richter , and sometimes creates images by puncturing the canvas with a drill .

This may seem strange since he had worked so closely with Bushe-Fox , whose ideas and techniques were far in advance of his day .
this may seem strange since he had worked so closely with bushe-fox , whose ideas and [ways] were far in advance of his day .

It is thus evident that the fall of Magnentius and the subsequent zeal of Paulus had an effect on the Britons and their estates , but its extent is difficult to quantify , since there is not yet enough large-scale excavation of villas and other rural establishments using modern refined techniques .
it is thus evident that the fall of magnentius and the subsequent zeal of paulus had an effect on the britons and their estates , but its extent is difficult to quantify , since there is not yet enough large-scale excavation of villas and other rural establishments using modern refined [ways] .

That the potters devoted so much time and care into applying these techniques would appear to indicate the existence of willing purchasers .
that the potters devoted so much time and care into applying these [ways] would appear to indicate the existence of willing purchasers .

Another way of putting this is to say that we are concerned with techniques for holding government accountable for what it does .
another way of putting this is to say that we are concerned with [ways] for holding government accountable for what it does .

It is preferable for government , by training civil servants properly , by using sound management techniques , by carefully specifying the tasks to be performed by its employees and by monitoring their performance , to prevent the sorts of errors and mistakes which judicial control deals with after the event .
it is preferable for government , by training civil servants properly , by using sound management [ways] , by carefully specifying the tasks to be performed by its employees and by monitoring their performance , to prevent the sorts of errors and mistakes which judicial control deals with after the event .

Nearly all of the techniques considered in this book for controlling government and redressing grievances are formal and institutionalized .
nearly all of the [ways] considered in this book for controlling government and redressing grievances are formal and institutionalized .

Techniques of manufacture are explained , and evocative Chinese verses , of which one is given here , are disposed around the gallery .
[ways] of manufacture are explained , and evocative chinese verses , of which one is given here , are disposed around the gallery .

Recourse to subliminal techniques is prohibited .
recourse to subliminal [ways] is prohibited .

All viewers have a right to inspect audience surveys , especially regarding the methodology and techniques used .
all viewers have a right to inspect audience surveys , especially regarding the methodology and [ways] used .

Education in audio visual techniques should be considered as disciplines in their own right .
education in audio visual [ways] should be considered as disciplines in their own right .

The company facilitated the aggregation of vast sums of capital from numerous small investors and this together with changes in technology and organizational techniques led to a vast expansion in the size of the firm and a reduction in the number of firms operating in any particular industry .
the company facilitated the aggregation of vast sums of capital from numerous small investors and this together with changes in technology and organizational [ways] led to a vast expansion in the size of the firm and a reduction in the number of firms operating in any particular industry .

Robert Summers has identified five different forms of legal techniques for implementing these goals .
robert summers has identified five different forms of legal [ways] for implementing these goals .

Beguiled by state-of-the-art techniques ( of the kind deployed for ‘ Cités-Cinés ’ , which captured the public imagination five years ago ) , architects and stage designers , experts from the worlds of cinema and advertising , as well as art historians , will create a series of typical settings , which were or could have been subjects for Impressionist paintings .
beguiled by state-of-the-art [ways] ( of the kind deployed for ‘ cités-cinés ’ , which captured the public imagination five years ago ) , architects and stage designers , experts from the worlds of cinema and advertising , as well as art historians , will create a series of typical settings , which were or could have been subjects for impressionist paintings .

Rauschenberg 's fertile imagination oscillates among styles and techniques , and only the Black and Red Paintings , with their richly textured surfaces of paint and newspaper , look properly accomplished .
rauschenberg 's fertile imagination oscillates among styles and [ways] , and only the black and red paintings , with their richly textured surfaces of paint and newspaper , look properly accomplished .

Since 1960 restoration techniques have progressed by leaps and bounds and light weight backing materials are now available , of which the honey-comb type would be particularly suited to the Ovetari Chapel frescoes .
since 1960 restoration [ways] have progressed by leaps and bounds and light weight backing materials are now available , of which the honey-comb type would be particularly suited to the ovetari chapel frescoes .

What distinguishes the Gilbert Collection is the wide spectrum not only of techniques and materials , such as goldsmiths ' work , enamel , porcelain and especially hardstone , but also the countries of origin .
what distinguishes the gilbert collection is the wide spectrum not only of [ways] and materials , such as goldsmiths ' work , enamel , porcelain and especially hardstone , but also the countries of origin .

She also has an unfailing eye for the object drawn from an array of public and private collections to illustrate gradual changes in techniques and materials .
she also has an unfailing eye for the object drawn from an array of public and private collections to illustrate gradual changes in [ways] and materials .

She follows current taste in emphasising weaving techniques and patterns rather than embroidery .
she follows current taste in emphasising weaving [ways] and patterns rather than embroidery .

An opening chapter on silk fragments from China , Persia and the Middle East brings in the central theme of her narrative the passage of materials and techniques from one area to another .
an opening chapter on silk fragments from china , persia and the middle east brings in the central theme of her narrative the passage of materials and [ways] from one area to another .

Nowadays , with most pipe and cigar smokers being ex-smokers of cigarettes , they may also have transferred their inhalation techniques , despite the irritancy of the smoke : in this case , they will be at significantly greater risk of disease than pipe or cigar smokers who have never smoked cigarettes [ 4 ] .
nowadays , with most pipe and cigar smokers being ex-smokers of cigarettes , they may also have transferred their inhalation [ways] , despite the irritancy of the smoke : in this case , they will be at significantly greater risk of disease than pipe or cigar smokers who have never smoked cigarettes [ 4 ] .

We will then look at some coping strategies such as muscle relaxation , breathing exercises , distraction techniques , and positive self-talk , which will help you to develop a sense of control over your symptoms .
we will then look at some coping strategies such as muscle relaxation , breathing exercises , distraction [ways] , and positive self-talk , which will help you to develop a sense of control over your symptoms .

Getting the couple to write down targets , stating what they want to change in the marriage and negotiating these targets , can be an effective way of improving the situation Likewise , the therapeutic techniques for overcoming sexual problems often involve a graded series of targets towards improving performance and technique one stage at a time .
getting the couple to write down targets , stating what they want to change in the marriage and negotiating these targets , can be an effective way of improving the situation likewise , the therapeutic [ways] for overcoming sexual problems often involve a graded series of targets towards improving performance and technique one stage at a time .

These skills include : teaching the client to relax ; teaching techniques of distraction to help the client focus their attention away from physical sensations and negative thoughts ; teaching skills of positive and rational thinking — also an important aspect of control ; and teaching breathing control skills to offset the likelihood of the client exacerbating their physical symptoms through hyperventilation .
these skills include : teaching the client to relax ; teaching [ways] of distraction to help the client focus their attention away from physical sensations and negative thoughts ; teaching skills of positive and rational thinking — also an important aspect of control ; and teaching breathing control skills to offset the likelihood of the client exacerbating their physical symptoms through hyperventilation .

No anxiety management techniques will work against these odds , just as aspirins will not control headaches if a person continues to bang their head against the wall .
no anxiety management [ways] will work against these odds , just as aspirins will not control headaches if a person continues to bang their head against the wall .

Rather , in addition to the important process of education and understanding , the combination of behavioural and cognitive techniques , together with the client 's changes in lifestyle , will offer a cumulative process of management and gradual amelioration of anxiety .
rather , in addition to the important process of education and understanding , the combination of behavioural and cognitive [ways] , together with the client 's changes in lifestyle , will offer a cumulative process of management and gradual amelioration of anxiety .

This chapter aims to offer the reader an introduction to the most common self-help techniques taught to clients in anxiety management training .
this chapter aims to offer the reader an introduction to the most common self-help [ways] taught to clients in anxiety management training .

Many Eastern religions have been using techniques such as yoga and meditation for many centuries and both of these techniques hold much common ground with modern clinical relaxation methods .
many eastern religions have been using [ways] such as yoga and meditation for many centuries and both of these [ways] hold much common ground with modern clinical relaxation methods .

Additionally , those relaxation techniques which incorporate muscle tensing exercises , aim to teach the client to become generally more aware of the experience of muscular tension .
additionally , those relaxation [ways] which incorporate muscle tensing exercises , aim to teach the client to become generally more aware of the experience of muscular tension .

Many of the current clinical methods of relaxation training are based upon the techniques of Jacobson ( 1938 ) .
many of the current clinical methods of relaxation training are based upon the [ways] of jacobson ( 1938 ) .

Modern routine clinical practice however offers something of a dilution of the original Jacobsonian relaxation techniques .
modern routine clinical practice however offers something of a dilution of the original jacobsonian relaxation [ways] .

Constrained by time and numbers of referrals it is usual to teach relaxation techniques over one to three sessions , with occasional revision practice at later dates .
constrained by time and numbers of referrals it is usual to teach relaxation [ways] over one to three sessions , with occasional revision practice at later dates .

As a bare minimum it is suggested that the therapist must talk the client through these techniques at least once before offering the client a tape .
as a bare minimum it is suggested that the therapist must talk the client through these [ways] at least once before offering the client a tape .

There are obviously many and various different techniques for relaxation .
there are obviously many and various different [ways] for relaxation .

There are many techniques of distraction and it is very important that you practice with different methods to discover which one works best for you .
there are many [ways] of distraction and it is very important that you practice with different methods to discover which one works best for you .

Techniques of Distracting Yourself
[ways] of distracting yourself

It is important obviously that you do n't go too far with these techniques .
it is important obviously that you do n't go too far with these [ways] .

In a sense all techniques of distraction are techniques of attention switching .
in a sense all [ways] of distraction are [ways] of attention switching .

We have however created this sub-heading for those techniques which offer more long term distraction than those mentioned previously .
we have however created this sub-heading for those [ways] which offer more long term distraction than those mentioned previously .

There are very many ways of course to occupy the mind and the techniques we describe are only a few suggestions for practice .
there are very many ways of course to occupy the mind and the [ways] we describe are only a few suggestions for practice .

As before , successful attention switching depends upon careful preparation , having the techniques and the subjects to which to attend at our fingertips ready to distract us from negative or irrational thought .
as before , successful attention switching depends upon careful preparation , having the [ways] and the subjects to which to attend at our fingertips ready to distract us from negative or irrational thought .

Mantra techniques
mantra [ways]

We present a summary of the main therapeutic techniques of three of the leading practitioners of cognitive therapy discussed in theoretical terms in chapter 2 .
we present a summary of the main therapeutic [ways] of three of the leading practitioners of cognitive therapy discussed in theoretical terms in chapter 2 .

Though you will note differences in the focus of their individual approach , as stated previously , all cognitive therapy techniques are based upon the premise that an individual 's maladaptive behaviour is a function of distorted and irrational thinking and that altering these ways of thinking is an effective technique for changing behaviour .
though you will note differences in the focus of their individual approach , as stated previously , all cognitive therapy [ways] are based upon the premise that an individual 's maladaptive behaviour is a function of distorted and irrational thinking and that altering these ways of thinking is an effective technique for changing behaviour .

The Techniques of Donald Meichenbaum
the [ways] of donald meichenbaum

These techniques are based upon the premise that anxiety results when a person perceives a discrepancy between the demands placed upon them and their personal resources for coping with those demands .
these [ways] are based upon the premise that anxiety results when a person perceives a discrepancy between the demands placed upon them and their personal resources for coping with those demands .

Meichenbaum first developed these techniques in 1974 but they have recently been extended and detailed by Meichenbaum and Cameron ( 1983 ) .
meichenbaum first developed these [ways] in 1974 but they have recently been extended and detailed by meichenbaum and cameron ( 1983 ) .

Role play use of techniques , different stressors practised , anticipated situations .
role play use of [ways] , different stressors practised , anticipated situations .

The Techniques of Aaron Beck et al .
the [ways] of aaron beck et al .

In their entirety the cognitive therapy techniques of Beck and his colleagues offer a complete system of psychotherapy .
in their entirety the cognitive therapy [ways] of beck and his colleagues offer a complete system of psychotherapy .

The Techniques of Albert Ellis
the [ways] of albert ellis

Clients learn specific skills and techniques for controlling anxiety and reducing stress .
clients learn specific skills and [ways] for controlling anxiety and reducing stress .

These include specific skills for coping with acute , situational anxiety , such as muscle relaxation , programmed physical exercise , respiratory control , distraction techniques , and other cognitive therapy methods .
these include specific skills for coping with acute , situational anxiety , such as muscle relaxation , programmed physical exercise , respiratory control , distraction [ways] , and other cognitive therapy methods .

Joint reading and discussion of handout — ‘ Cognitive Techniques ’ — ‘ Distraction ’ and ‘ Positive Self-Talk ’ .
joint reading and discussion of handout — ‘ cognitive [ways] ’ — ‘ distraction ’ and ‘ positive self-talk ’ .

deliberately looking out for a panic attack as an opportunity to practice self-control techniques , rather than running away from it , supports the school of thought that views a panic attack as largely cognitive — behavioural in nature .
deliberately looking out for a panic attack as an opportunity to practice self-control [ways] , rather than running away from it , supports the school of thought that views a panic attack as largely cognitive — behavioural in nature .

In an interview with the New York Times , McDevitt ( who had three more larceny convictions in the 1980s ) denied even knowing about the Gardner theft , but he revealed a familiarity with techniques of cutting paintings from frames .
in an interview with the new york times , mcdevitt ( who had three more larceny convictions in the 1980s ) denied even knowing about the gardner theft , but he revealed a familiarity with [ways] of cutting paintings from frames .

The Indians plan to resume their activities , including reconstruction and cleaning of Angkor 's main temple despite criticism from many quarters of their techniques .
the indians plan to resume their activities , including reconstruction and cleaning of angkor 's main temple despite criticism from many quarters of their [ways] .

eight drawing techniques : pen and ink , black chalk , red chalk , wash , oil , pastel , watercolour or gouache , white heightening
eight drawing [ways] : pen and ink , black chalk , red chalk , wash , oil , pastel , watercolour or gouache , white heightening

Often the most decorative techniques , such as red chalk or watercolour are the most expensive , while pen and ink , black chalk or slight pastels tend to be cheaper .
often the most decorative [ways] , such as red chalk or watercolour are the most expensive , while pen and ink , black chalk or slight pastels tend to be cheaper .

His idea was to find works in these unlikely locations which incorporate photographic strategies and techniques to find artists other than pure photographers who use the medium in making paintings , sculpture , drawings , prints , books , installations and videos .
his idea was to find works in these unlikely locations which incorporate photographic strategies and [ways] to find artists other than pure photographers who use the medium in making paintings , sculpture , drawings , prints , books , installations and videos .

This homage to the past can be seen as an expression of respect for the artist 's original intent , for his ambition to prolong his existence through a work created according to artistic rules , with chosen techniques and materials .
this homage to the past can be seen as an expression of respect for the artist 's original intent , for his ambition to prolong his existence through a work created according to artistic rules , with chosen [ways] and materials .

It employs unconventional techniques and materials , even to the extent of transient use of the human body .
it employs unconventional [ways] and materials , even to the extent of transient use of the human body .

Why not respect the intention implied by the choice of impermanent materials and the adoption of quick and casual techniques ?
why not respect the intention implied by the choice of impermanent materials and the adoption of quick and casual [ways] ?

Our Hong Kong painting sales now have a higher proportion of contemporary paintings influenced by Western techniques and subjects than paintings in the traditional Chinese style and media ( watercolour and ink paintings in scroll and album formats depicting landscapes , flowers , or Buddhist and figure themes ) .
our hong kong painting sales now have a higher proportion of contemporary paintings influenced by western [ways] and subjects than paintings in the traditional chinese style and media ( watercolour and ink paintings in scroll and album formats depicting landscapes , flowers , or buddhist and figure themes ) .

X-ray techniques date Rembrandt prints precisely
x-ray [ways] date rembrandt prints precisely

Laurentius is now collaborating with the technological giants Philips in Eindhoven to perfect the image of the X-ray using computer-boosting techniques , so that a clear positive print of the watermark and the structure of the paper can be achieved .
laurentius is now collaborating with the technological giants philips in eindhoven to perfect the image of the x-ray using computer-boosting [ways] , so that a clear positive print of the watermark and the structure of the paper can be achieved .

One collector even suggested to Mr Laurentius that no one was really waiting for these new techniques and that it would be better for everyone if he stopped .
one collector even suggested to mr laurentius that no one was really waiting for these new [ways] and that it would be better for everyone if he stopped .

On the other hand there may be publications on your media list which will be interested in showing the packaging , particularly if it has any unusual features or uses new techniques .
on the other hand there may be publications on your media list which will be interested in showing the packaging , particularly if it has any unusual features or uses new [ways] .

7 Techniques for Television and Radio
7 [ways] for television and radio

it prevents the group from becoming bored and frustrated ; 2. it trains you to identify essentials and to avoid waffle ; 3. it gives you practice in handling intellectual exchanges ; 4. it increases your sensitivity to the feelings of others ; 5. it helps you to `` think on your feet `` and gain self-confidence ; 6. it assists you with later revision and exam techniques ; and 7. it makes for better learning and it 's more fun .
it prevents the group from becoming bored and frustrated ; 2. it trains you to identify essentials and to avoid waffle ; 3. it gives you practice in handling intellectual exchanges ; 4. it increases your sensitivity to the feelings of others ; 5. it helps you to `` think on your feet `` and gain self-confidence ; 6. it assists you with later revision and exam [ways] ; and 7. it makes for better learning and it 's more fun .

Ideas exist in our own minds and we need to master the skilled techniques for bringing them forward for evaluation and application to our problems .
ideas exist in our own minds and we need to master the skilled [ways] for bringing them forward for evaluation and application to our problems .

One of the most favoured techniques for generating ideas is brain-storming .
one of the most favoured [ways] for generating ideas is brain-storming .

Brain-storming is simply one of a number of `` thinking techniques ' developed and popularized over recent decades to help us think more efficiently and creatively .
brain-storming is simply one of a number of `` thinking [ways] ' developed and popularized over recent decades to help us think more efficiently and creatively .

If you begin to apply some of these techniques to your studies and make them part of your habits of thought , you 'll find it much easier to solve problems , to write better essays and to produce higher-scoring examination answers .
if you begin to apply some of these [ways] to your studies and make them part of your habits of thought , you 'll find it much easier to solve problems , to write better essays and to produce higher-scoring examination answers .

For other relaxation techniques , see Chapter 18 on managing stress .
for other relaxation [ways] , see chapter 18 on managing stress .

Many nomads have settled in villages , bringing with them their ancestral compositions and weaving techniques , and few villages have escaped the broader cultural and rug-making influences spreading outwards from the towns .
many nomads have settled in villages , bringing with them their ancestral compositions and weaving [ways] , and few villages have escaped the broader cultural and rug-making influences spreading outwards from the towns .

Court carpet schemes ; France seems to have adopted Eastern weaving techniques but ignored their designs , preferring the more naturalistic floral Aubusson and Savonnerie schemes ( p. 85 ) .
court carpet schemes ; france seems to have adopted eastern weaving [ways] but ignored their designs , preferring the more naturalistic floral aubusson and savonnerie schemes ( p. 85 ) .

Shampooing an expensive , old or delicate item should preferably be undertaken by a specialist company — most reputable dealers and shops offer this service — but avoid the more general carpet-cleaning companies , as the techniques and chemicals used on synthetic wall-to-wall carpets may not be suitable .
shampooing an expensive , old or delicate item should preferably be undertaken by a specialist company — most reputable dealers and shops offer this service — but avoid the more general carpet-cleaning companies , as the [ways] and chemicals used on synthetic wall-to-wall carpets may not be suitable .

Manufacturers were looking at different techniques in an effort to beat off their rivals .
manufacturers were looking at different [ways] in an effort to beat off their rivals .

Examples of this include n-gram techniques [ Higgins & whitrow , 1987 ] , transitional probabilities , Markov models , etc .
examples of this include n-gram [ways] [ higgins & whitrow , 1987 ] , transitional probabilities , markov models , etc .

However , n-gram techniques have been shown to be less effective for the present project than word-lookup methods , as they fail to exploit letter-level constraints to the same extent [ Wells , 1989 ] .
however , n-gram [ways] have been shown to be less effective for the present project than word-lookup methods , as they fail to exploit letter-level constraints to the same extent [ wells , 1989 ] .

Both objectives require the application of higher level knowledge to identify inconsistencies at individual levels , so it is possible that techniques developed for recognition applications could contribute to the development of text understanding systems .
both objectives require the application of higher level knowledge to identify inconsistencies at individual levels , so it is possible that [ways] developed for recognition applications could contribute to the development of text understanding systems .

However , techniques that are developed for theoretical purposes or for other applications may have relevance to the present project , and this is indicated where appropriate .
however , [ways] that are developed for theoretical purposes or for other applications may have relevance to the present project , and this is indicated where appropriate .

The basic problem with semantic networks , as indeed with many other techniques , is that they are a language in which the meaning of sentences can be expressed — a language in need of its own semantics .
the basic problem with semantic networks , as indeed with many other [ways] , is that they are a language in which the meaning of sentences can be expressed — a language in need of its own semantics .

It can be argued that the successful development of such techniques requires an adherence to semantic theory from both the computational and linguistic perspective , to provide a sound theoretical framework .
it can be argued that the successful development of such [ways] requires an adherence to semantic theory from both the computational and linguistic perspective , to provide a sound theoretical framework .

Indeed , the techniques that have proved to be of greatest use are empirical or almost ’ trial and error ’ in their approach .
indeed , the [ways] that have proved to be of greatest use are empirical or almost ’ trial and error ’ in their approach .

Criteria such as ’ theoretical integrity ’ and ’ psychological plausibility ’ dictate that any adopted techniques should be based on established semantic theory .
criteria such as ’ theoretical integrity ’ and ’ psychological plausibility ’ dictate that any adopted [ways] should be based on established semantic theory .

However , it may nevertheless be possible to ’ simulate ’ the processes described by semantic theory using techniques based solely on empirical results .
however , it may nevertheless be possible to ’ simulate ’ the processes described by semantic theory using [ways] based solely on empirical results .

Other researchers [ McKinnon , 1975 ] have applied the statistical techniques of cluster analysis to samples of language that conform to regular patterns within a specific subject domain ( known as ’ sublanguages ’ ) .
other researchers [ mckinnon , 1975 ] have applied the statistical [ways] of cluster analysis to samples of language that conform to regular patterns within a specific subject domain ( known as ’ sublanguages ’ ) .

She does , however , point out that these techniques are only suitable for text that displays the specialised sublanguage characteristics .
she does , however , point out that these [ways] are only suitable for text that displays the specialised sublanguage characteristics .

Lesk [ 1988 ] described dictionary-based techniques for determining the senses of words used in text and choosing the most appropriate one according to the sentential context .
lesk [ 1988 ] described dictionary-based [ways] for determining the senses of words used in text and choosing the most appropriate one according to the sentential context .

This technique may be seen as an extension of the established corpus-based parsing techniques to include a limited coverage of semantic features .
this technique may be seen as an extension of the established corpus-based parsing [ways] to include a limited coverage of semantic features .

Black [ 1988 ] compared experimentally three techniques for sense discrimination : a domain general method and two domain specific methods .
black [ 1988 ] compared experimentally three [ways] for sense discrimination : a domain general method and two domain specific methods .

Ahlswede and Evens [ 1988 ] have investigated techniques for extracting information from MRDs using the concept of a defining formula .
ahlswede and evens [ 1988 ] have investigated [ways] for extracting information from mrds using the concept of a defining formula .

Evidently , corpora have increased in size as resources have expanded and techniques become more refined .
evidently , corpora have increased in size as resources have expanded and [ways] become more refined .

Indeed , a recent and very comprehensive survey of handwriting recognition techniques and systems considered its significance to merit just one sentence : ’ Higher level linguistic rules such as syntax and semantics can also increase the recognition rate ’ [ Tappert et al , 1990 ] .
indeed , a recent and very comprehensive survey of handwriting recognition [ways] and systems considered its significance to merit just one sentence : ’ higher level linguistic rules such as syntax and semantics can also increase the recognition rate ’ [ tappert et al , 1990 ] .

As an alternative , it is suggested that simpler techniques involving the processing of machine-readable dictionaries and data within the text itself are more practical , and offer better prospects for a successful implementation .
as an alternative , it is suggested that simpler [ways] involving the processing of machine-readable dictionaries and data within the text itself are more practical , and offer better prospects for a successful implementation .

Although some degree of ’ tailoring ’ of individual systems may be possible ( or even desirable in some cases ) , the basic techniques on which the system relies must work consistently across a range of domains .
although some degree of ’ tailoring ’ of individual systems may be possible ( or even desirable in some cases ) , the basic [ways] on which the system relies must work consistently across a range of domains .

In the Introduction to his History of Sexuality Foucault suggests four strategic unities , linking together a host of practices and techniques of power , which formed specific mechanics of knowledge and power centring on sex : a hysterisation of women 's bodies ; a pedagogisation of children 's sex ; a socialisation of procreative behaviour ; a psychiatrisation of perverse pleasures .
in the introduction to his history of sexuality foucault suggests four strategic unities , linking together a host of practices and [ways] of power , which formed specific mechanics of knowledge and power centring on sex : a hysterisation of women 's bodies ; a pedagogisation of children 's sex ; a socialisation of procreative behaviour ; a psychiatrisation of perverse pleasures .

The Banks have speculated on the possibility of the husband and wife debating the use of contraception , and certainly , as they suggest , the very use of contraceptive techniques required some minimum level of discussion about sexual matters .
the banks have speculated on the possibility of the husband and wife debating the use of contraception , and certainly , as they suggest , the very use of contraceptive [ways] required some minimum level of discussion about sexual matters .

Despite such efforts , it is likely that abortion played a major part in the regulation of family size amongst the working class , especially in factory districts , where knowledge of abortifacient techniques was widespread .
despite such efforts , it is likely that abortion played a major part in the regulation of family size amongst the working class , especially in factory districts , where knowledge of abortifacient [ways] was widespread .

In the first place we can see a reliance on self-help and often pre-industrial techniques , given new meaning in transformed social circumstances .
in the first place we can see a reliance on self-help and often pre-industrial [ways] , given new meaning in transformed social circumstances .

The problem was solved by the Coalbrookdale Company who , thanks to Abraham Darby developing advanced foundry techniques , were able to produce an iron cylinder in 1722 .
the problem was solved by the coalbrookdale company who , thanks to abraham darby developing advanced foundry [ways] , were able to produce an iron cylinder in 1722 .

The increased use of antiseptic techniques , the isolation of bacteria and recognition of their role in disseminating disease , and the gradual spread of improved nursing under the inspiration of Florence Nightingale , all led to improvements first in voluntary then in Poor Law hospitals .
the increased use of antiseptic [ways] , the isolation of bacteria and recognition of their role in disseminating disease , and the gradual spread of improved nursing under the inspiration of florence nightingale , all led to improvements first in voluntary then in poor law hospitals .

Jobclubs can give guidance on how to apply for jobs , interviewing techniques etc .
jobclubs can give guidance on how to apply for jobs , interviewing [ways] etc .

This brief discussion should also illustrate the point that we have , implicitly , adopted a very broad definition of industrialization , taking the term to include not simply the adoption of new techniques of production ( factories and corporations ) but also wider and related changes such as the development of industrially-based cities , migrations to these cities , the growth of bureaucracies and , perhaps , less tangible changes in values .
this brief discussion should also illustrate the point that we have , implicitly , adopted a very broad definition of industrialization , taking the term to include not simply the adoption of new [ways] of production ( factories and corporations ) but also wider and related changes such as the development of industrially-based cities , migrations to these cities , the growth of bureaucracies and , perhaps , less tangible changes in values .

When Marian Radke Yarrow , John Campbell and Roger Burton used the same techniques to examine dependence , aggression and conscience formation , they were unable to confirm the findings previously obtained .
when marian radke yarrow , john campbell and roger burton used the same [ways] to examine dependence , aggression and conscience formation , they were unable to confirm the findings previously obtained .

Individual families then met to identify specific issues , and joined in a group discussion on common experiences to develop problem-solving techniques .
individual families then met to identify specific issues , and joined in a group discussion on common experiences to develop problem-solving [ways] .

This terminological ambiguity symbolizes a basic contradiction embodied in the whole process of change which followed 1868 , a running tension between those who looked back and sought to revive what they saw as the best in Japanese tradition in the face of a Western onslaught , and those who looked to the future and were prepared to accommodate the values and techniques of their competitors , if only to compete effectively with them .
this terminological ambiguity symbolizes a basic contradiction embodied in the whole process of change which followed 1868 , a running tension between those who looked back and sought to revive what they saw as the best in japanese tradition in the face of a western onslaught , and those who looked to the future and were prepared to accommodate the values and [ways] of their competitors , if only to compete effectively with them .

In fact , of course , many of Japan 's new rulers shared both aspirations : modern methods and Western techniques could be embraced as wholeheartedly by those who saw them as the key to a restored ‘ traditional ’ Japanese independence based on indigenous social structure and values as by those who desired to embrace not only Western techniques but some version of Western ideology .
in fact , of course , many of japan 's new rulers shared both aspirations : modern methods and western [ways] could be embraced as wholeheartedly by those who saw them as the key to a restored ‘ traditional ’ japanese independence based on indigenous social structure and values as by those who desired to embrace not only western [ways] but some version of western ideology .

Or was the change a more superficial one in which a crude , but no longer viable , form of isolation was replaced by a more subtle variant , in which the techniques of the West were adopted to preserve and strengthen an essentially unchanged sense of cultural uniqueness and social order , and ensure survival in an unpredictable and hostile world ?
or was the change a more superficial one in which a crude , but no longer viable , form of isolation was replaced by a more subtle variant , in which the [ways] of the west were adopted to preserve and strengthen an essentially unchanged sense of cultural uniqueness and social order , and ensure survival in an unpredictable and hostile world ?

Environmental and climatic conditions have combined with agricultural techniques to produce in Japan exceptionally high yields .
environmental and climatic conditions have combined with agricultural [ways] to produce in japan exceptionally high yields .

Growth was not achieved by any wholesale revolution in agricultural techniques .
growth was not achieved by any wholesale revolution in agricultural [ways] .

Central and local government worked hard to improve methods and disseminate new techniques .
central and local government worked hard to improve methods and disseminate new [ways] .

While earlier growth was more dependent on manpower and the recovery factor , increases in working capital and improved techniques played a major role subsequently .
while earlier growth was more dependent on manpower and the recovery factor , increases in working capital and improved [ways] played a major role subsequently .

With modern recording techniques we are able to capture the spoken word but the majority of speech dies as soon as the sound waves our voice creates fade .
with modern recording [ways] we are able to capture the spoken word but the majority of speech dies as soon as the sound waves our voice creates fade .

One of the best editing techniques is to read the piece aloud as you check it .
one of the best editing [ways] is to read the piece aloud as you check it .

Overhead projectors provide more flexibility and masking techniques allow you to highlight areas which you want audiences to concentrate on .
overhead projectors provide more flexibility and masking [ways] allow you to highlight areas which you want audiences to concentrate on .

All our credit assessment practices , in particular our credit scoring techniques , are continually reviewed to ensure that they are prudent and reasonable in the prevailing social and economic circumstances .
all our credit assessment practices , in particular our credit scoring [ways] , are continually reviewed to ensure that they are prudent and reasonable in the prevailing social and economic circumstances .

His techniques varied from the basic side kicks and elbow jabs to more advanced methods .
his [ways] varied from the basic side kicks and elbow jabs to more advanced methods .

Mike was adept at all this , and Gibeau , recognising a fellow enthusiast , had made him show us some of the techniques he had learnt in Rhodesia .
mike was adept at all this , and gibeau , recognising a fellow enthusiast , had made him show us some of the [ways] he had learnt in rhodesia .

We ran up to the firing range one morning to try out our destructive techniques for real .
we ran up to the firing range one morning to try out our destructive [ways] for real .

The analytical techniques , employed by the Paracelsian chemists to extract their active ingredients from otherwise dangerous chemicals , contributed to the excitement of a science that the young Robert Boyle would embrace with an almost religious fervor .
the analytical [ways] , employed by the paracelsian chemists to extract their active ingredients from otherwise dangerous chemicals , contributed to the excitement of a science that the young robert boyle would embrace with an almost religious fervor .

Having located superior individuals , they can be reproduced more rapidly by modern breeding techniques .
having located superior individuals , they can be reproduced more rapidly by modern breeding [ways] .

Instead , some multinationals have invested in knowledge systems that provide access to state-of-the-art breeding , disease control and cultivation techniques in a form that allows them to control much of the total chain without investing directly in all stages .
instead , some multinationals have invested in knowledge systems that provide access to state-of-the-art breeding , disease control and cultivation [ways] in a form that allows them to control much of the total chain without investing directly in all stages .

The examples which they cite as exceptions in fact correspond more closely to the norm : literate practices are everywhere ‘ context-based ’ while oral language has everywhere developed techniques for separating out different contexts .
the examples which they cite as exceptions in fact correspond more closely to the norm : literate practices are everywhere ‘ context-based ’ while oral language has everywhere developed [ways] for separating out different contexts .

In oral as well as in literate culture , it would appear that there are techniques whereby the directness and immediacy of everyday experience are contrasted with the holding of traditions over time , and with the ‘ fixing ’ and ratifying of definitions and meanings .
in oral as well as in literate culture , it would appear that there are [ways] whereby the directness and immediacy of everyday experience are contrasted with the holding of traditions over time , and with the ‘ fixing ’ and ratifying of definitions and meanings .

Until recently , he complains , theories of literacy have tended to be based on instructional techniques rather than linguistic theory : research on reading has been dominated by experimental psychology , with the kinds of results we saw above ( Chapter 1 ) .
until recently , he complains , theories of literacy have tended to be based on instructional [ways] rather than linguistic theory : research on reading has been dominated by experimental psychology , with the kinds of results we saw above ( chapter 1 ) .

The use of modern language laboratories and deep immersion techniques can teach practically any individual , either manager or shop-floor worker , enough to work in another country after some two or three months ' experience .
the use of modern language laboratories and deep immersion [ways] can teach practically any individual , either manager or shop-floor worker , enough to work in another country after some two or three months ' experience .

Public choice theory arose from the fact that , although many welfare economists were concerned to examine the phenomenon of ‘ market failure ’ , very few economists seemed to show an interest in applying their techniques to institutions other than the market ; and , in particular , to political institutions .
public choice theory arose from the fact that , although many welfare economists were concerned to examine the phenomenon of ‘ market failure ’ , very few economists seemed to show an interest in applying their [ways] to institutions other than the market ; and , in particular , to political institutions .

All members of staff , in particular the reception and contact staff , must be trained in the development of selling techniques and good public relations .
all members of staff , in particular the reception and contact staff , must be trained in the development of selling [ways] and good public relations .

Simple measures ( stopping the oxytocin infusion , altering the mother 's posture , restoring blood pressure to normal ) often suffice ; techniques such as amnioinfusion deserve further investigation as alternatives to operative delivery .
simple measures ( stopping the oxytocin infusion , altering the mother 's posture , restoring blood pressure to normal ) often suffice ; [ways] such as amnioinfusion deserve further investigation as alternatives to operative delivery .

The search for better techniques of fetal assessment during labour continues .
the search for better [ways] of fetal assessment during labour continues .

Many others are now being used effectively — for example , brief therapy models , behavioural change techniques , and gestalt — as the counsellors match the patients ' needs to therapy and not vice versa .
many others are now being used effectively — for example , brief therapy models , behavioural change [ways] , and gestalt — as the counsellors match the patients ' needs to therapy and not vice versa .

’ Used effectively , though , recognizing performance is one of the manager 's most powerful arousal techniques .
’ used effectively , though , recognizing performance is one of the manager 's most powerful arousal [ways] .

Yet it is these autonomous , creative , challenge-driven people who are responsible for new businesses , new techniques , new insights , new products , new buildings , new research projects and new forms of art .
yet it is these autonomous , creative , challenge-driven people who are responsible for new businesses , new [ways] , new insights , new products , new buildings , new research projects and new forms of art .

However , in formal groups similar processes of control will emerge as in informal groups , even if there are other , formal techniques as well .
however , in formal groups similar processes of control will emerge as in informal groups , even if there are other , formal [ways] as well .

Most of these techniques ( such as the Nominal Group Technique ) use structured processes to shift from group interaction to individual activity and back again , thereby avoiding some of the pitfalls of group think , etc .
most of these [ways] ( such as the nominal group technique ) use structured processes to shift from group interaction to individual activity and back again , thereby avoiding some of the pitfalls of group think , etc .

But we do not need these sophisticated techniques to improve group effectiveness .
but we do not need these sophisticated [ways] to improve group effectiveness .

In all cases the techniques for building teamwork are similar .
in all cases the [ways] for building teamwork are similar .

Many of the popular techniques to improve group performance ( brainstorming ) have been disappointing in research studies .
many of the popular [ways] to improve group performance ( brainstorming ) have been disappointing in research studies .

Histological techniques can show whether an endometriotic deposit is active and infiltrating the surrounding tissue or is superficial and inactive .
histological [ways] can show whether an endometriotic deposit is active and infiltrating the surrounding tissue or is superficial and inactive .

The principal purpose of this book is to examine Ronald Reagan 's efforts to deal with these problems ; to examine the techniques he and his staff used as they sought to break free from the ties that bound them ; and to assess how successful Reagan was in mastering the system of government and in achieving his policy objectives .
the principal purpose of this book is to examine ronald reagan 's efforts to deal with these problems ; to examine the [ways] he and his staff used as they sought to break free from the ties that bound them ; and to assess how successful reagan was in mastering the system of government and in achieving his policy objectives .

The latter and his staff will use an amalgam of stratagems and techniques , many of which do not fall within a satisfactory definition of bargaining .
the latter and his staff will use an amalgam of stratagems and [ways] , many of which do not fall within a satisfactory definition of bargaining .

They were years ahead of their rivals in the use of political consultants , computers , direct mailing systems and polling techniques .
they were years ahead of their rivals in the use of political consultants , computers , direct mailing systems and polling [ways] .

In the absence of any significant improvement in agricultural techniques the peasantry were acutely vulnerable to harvest failure , and living standards in many areas actually declined in the period .
in the absence of any significant improvement in agricultural [ways] the peasantry were acutely vulnerable to harvest failure , and living standards in many areas actually declined in the period .

The police force swelled , the political police ( Okhrana ) developing relatively sophisticated techniques of social control .
the police force swelled , the political police ( okhrana ) developing relatively sophisticated [ways] of social control .

One such highlight was the study by femtosecond techniques of reorganization at the surface of the semiconductor GaAs ( ) .
one such highlight was the study by femtosecond [ways] of reorganization at the surface of the semiconductor gaas ( ) .

The meeting was privileged to be given an historical perspective , as well as a view of biological applications of the latest techniques , by George Porter .
the meeting was privileged to be given an historical perspective , as well as a view of biological applications of the latest [ways] , by george porter .

The first third of the book ( three chapters ) is an ambitious and generally successful attempt to explain , at a level appropriate to the educated nonscientist , how computational science works , specifically how the continuum ( or quantum mechanical ) equations that describe physical reality can be accurately approximated by discrete computational techniques such as finite difference , finite element , Monte Carlo or N-body particle models .
the first third of the book ( three chapters ) is an ambitious and generally successful attempt to explain , at a level appropriate to the educated nonscientist , how computational science works , specifically how the continuum ( or quantum mechanical ) equations that describe physical reality can be accurately approximated by discrete computational [ways] such as finite difference , finite element , monte carlo or n-body particle models .

The failure to reduce smoking was partly ascribed to a naive understanding of the relation between knowledge and changes in behaviour as well as to the use of inappropriate teaching techniques .
the failure to reduce smoking was partly ascribed to a naive understanding of the relation between knowledge and changes in behaviour as well as to the use of inappropriate teaching [ways] .

Dr Mumby 's techniques
dr mumby 's [ways]

There have been many severe criticisms of the techniques of clinical ecology , all concluding that the concept of ‘ environmental illness ’ is unfounded and that the claims of clinical ecologists are invalid because they do not properly control their studies or define objective parameters of illness .
there have been many severe criticisms of the [ways] of clinical ecology , all concluding that the concept of ‘ environmental illness ’ is unfounded and that the claims of clinical ecologists are invalid because they do not properly control their studies or define objective parameters of illness .

Among other things it suggested that teachers should be assessed on the clarity of their teaching objectives ; the quality of their notes , handouts , and visual aids ; qualitative assessments of their performance in lecturing , fieldwork , etc ; the volume and range of teaching they undertake ; the range of assessment techniques they use ; managerial responsibilities and innovative approaches that they take on ; and the number of invitations they receive as guest lecturers and speakers elsewhere .
among other things it suggested that teachers should be assessed on the clarity of their teaching objectives ; the quality of their notes , handouts , and visual aids ; qualitative assessments of their performance in lecturing , fieldwork , etc ; the volume and range of teaching they undertake ; the range of assessment [ways] they use ; managerial responsibilities and innovative approaches that they take on ; and the number of invitations they receive as guest lecturers and speakers elsewhere .

In 1140 the monk Gratian in Bologna produced his Decretum or Concordance of Discordant Canons , in which he demonstrated that , given the proper techniques of critical examination , the authoritative statements of church fathers and ecclesiastical councils could be harmonized to yield fundamental principles of church law .
in 1140 the monk gratian in bologna produced his decretum or concordance of discordant canons , in which he demonstrated that , given the proper [ways] of critical examination , the authoritative statements of church fathers and ecclesiastical councils could be harmonized to yield fundamental principles of church law .

Here lay the spur to innovation , as can be seen in the Norman and Flemish accounting systems , which combined the techniques of survey and inquest with the new arithmetic to protect and increase the revenues available to the duke of Normandy and the count of Flanders .
here lay the spur to innovation , as can be seen in the norman and flemish accounting systems , which combined the [ways] of survey and inquest with the new arithmetic to protect and increase the revenues available to the duke of normandy and the count of flanders .

Nakane 's work has a more voluntaristic approach , but even she writes about the assertive techniques that management uses to build up company identification of workers .
nakane 's work has a more voluntaristic approach , but even she writes about the assertive [ways] that management uses to build up company identification of workers .

Purchasing patents would make significant savings on initial research costs and adapting or improving known techniques would increase the speed of development .
purchasing patents would make significant savings on initial research costs and adapting or improving known [ways] would increase the speed of development .

Apart from working on the teaching unit which is under development he will need to keep very well informed about new techniques in programming , new hardware , etc .
apart from working on the teaching unit which is under development he will need to keep very well informed about new [ways] in programming , new hardware , etc .

Interactive computer programs can present in a powerful way ideas , facts and basic techniques .
interactive computer programs can present in a powerful way ideas , facts and basic [ways] .

We recognize that often revision has consisted simply of repetition of the same type of exercise that was used in learning the topic , but it is self-evident that effective revision must involve the synthesis with the assimilation of the new concepts and techniques by the pupil .
we recognize that often revision has consisted simply of repetition of the same type of exercise that was used in learning the topic , but it is self-evident that effective revision must involve the synthesis with the assimilation of the new concepts and [ways] by the pupil .

Often it is necessary to start activity with some contrived problems that restrict demand on the pupil , ie , only a narrow range of techniques and knowledge is involved , while the presentation level will depend on the group 's ability .
often it is necessary to start activity with some contrived problems that restrict demand on the pupil , ie , only a narrow range of [ways] and knowledge is involved , while the presentation level will depend on the group 's ability .

The programmer of a unit must be aware of techniques for producing a program performance that will be acceptable to the user .
the programmer of a unit must be aware of [ways] for producing a program performance that will be acceptable to the user .

The programmer has to be aware right from the initial design stage of the implications of the program design in terms of memory and speed requirements , and must be aware of techniques for optimizing any combination of these factors that is required .
the programmer has to be aware right from the initial design stage of the implications of the program design in terms of memory and speed requirements , and must be aware of [ways] for optimizing any combination of these factors that is required .

Although shareholders in Hilton Mining afterwards contemplated legal action because the prospectus had not revealed that Allan Hilton , the chairman , had been a director of Hilton ( Products ) which went into voluntary liquidation , their real grievance was against Harvard 's selling techniques .
although shareholders in hilton mining afterwards contemplated legal action because the prospectus had not revealed that allan hilton , the chairman , had been a director of hilton ( products ) which went into voluntary liquidation , their real grievance was against harvard 's selling [ways] .

Various sales training techniques have been used which would seem extraordinary and perverse to clients — if only they knew .
various sales training [ways] have been used which would seem extraordinary and perverse to clients — if only they knew .

Other aggressive sales training techniques lingered in some firms .
other aggressive sales training [ways] lingered in some firms .

Dealers used their clients as guinea-pigs for their untried techniques .
dealers used their clients as guinea-pigs for their untried [ways] .

They applied such chartists ' techniques after a simplified fashion , and were surprised , not sorry `` , when they tested them out on clients and got them wrong .
they applied such chartists ' [ways] after a simplified fashion , and were surprised , not sorry `` , when they tested them out on clients and got them wrong .

They later took all the techniques they had learned at their dealer into stockbrokers and other financial services outfits , where it was often too late to unlearn them .
they later took all the [ways] they had learned at their dealer into stockbrokers and other financial services outfits , where it was often too late to unlearn them .

The Daily Telegraph has printed numerous articles criticising the cold-calling techniques of licensed dealers , and their poor stock performances .
the daily telegraph has printed numerous articles criticising the cold-calling [ways] of licensed dealers , and their poor stock performances .

We tend nowadays to see these generations not merely in terms of the underlying electronic technology , but also in terms of the organization of the hardware and software involved in a computer system ; thus the transition to the fourth generation can be seen more as a change in the way that computer systems are organized ( with the use of such techniques as virtual storage and distributed intelligence ) , than as a change in the underlying technology .
we tend nowadays to see these generations not merely in terms of the underlying electronic technology , but also in terms of the organization of the hardware and software involved in a computer system ; thus the transition to the fourth generation can be seen more as a change in the way that computer systems are organized ( with the use of such [ways] as virtual storage and distributed intelligence ) , than as a change in the underlying technology .

In order to provide specific illustrations of the ideas and techniques discussed in the book , we use a number of well-known conventional computers as running examples throughout the text .
in order to provide specific illustrations of the ideas and [ways] discussed in the book , we use a number of well-known conventional computers as running examples throughout the text .

Two disadvantages of such techniques are that each word has to have a tag field added to it ( and this may need to be quite long to hold a suitable range of values ) , and execution of each instruction becomes more complicated ( and therefore possibly slower ) .
two disadvantages of such [ways] are that each word has to have a tag field added to it ( and this may need to be quite long to hold a suitable range of values ) , and execution of each instruction becomes more complicated ( and therefore possibly slower ) .

We briefly describe a number of variations on this idea below , However , while such techniques can be used effectively when programming in an assembler language , it is much more difficult for a compiler to recognize which constructions in a high-level language call for their use .
we briefly describe a number of variations on this idea below , however , while such [ways] can be used effectively when programming in an assembler language , it is much more difficult for a compiler to recognize which constructions in a high-level language call for their use .

Some teachers gave ad hoc help to pupils in the use of reference books , but there appeared little systematic guidance given to pupils on the reading and study techniques required to make the most effective use of their time and efforts .
some teachers gave ad hoc help to pupils in the use of reference books , but there appeared little systematic guidance given to pupils on the reading and study [ways] required to make the most effective use of their time and efforts .

And there are new techniques being discovered every day — why , the Great War alone brought us many new methods of surgery and medicine . ``
and there are new [ways] being discovered every day — why , the great war alone brought us many new methods of surgery and medicine . ``

On the other hand there are a few techniques , frequently used in constructing proofs , to which it is perhaps useful to draw attention as they have been known to give students the occasional difficulty .
on the other hand there are a few [ways] , frequently used in constructing proofs , to which it is perhaps useful to draw attention as they have been known to give students the occasional difficulty .

The main kinds of setae and their modifications are listed below ; the structure of some is now known in great detail through the use of specialized optical techniques and of the scanning and transmission electron microscopes ( e.g .
the main kinds of setae and their modifications are listed below ; the structure of some is now known in great detail through the use of specialized optical [ways] and of the scanning and transmission electron microscopes ( e.g .

Some of the coarser ones have long been known from simple histological studies , but more recent mapping of the nerve tracts and individual axonal connections has required a variety of specialized techniques .
some of the coarser ones have long been known from simple histological studies , but more recent mapping of the nerve tracts and individual axonal connections has required a variety of specialized [ways] .

Electrophysiological techniques have revealed units within the optic lobe mediating different visual functions : some respond to movement of small parts of the visual field , others react to long , contrasting boundaries moving in a preferred direction ; some subtend monocular visual fields , others cover the whole receptive area of both eyes , and so on .
electrophysiological [ways] have revealed units within the optic lobe mediating different visual functions : some respond to movement of small parts of the visual field , others react to long , contrasting boundaries moving in a preferred direction ; some subtend monocular visual fields , others cover the whole receptive area of both eyes , and so on .

Assessment in particular subject areas , including mathematics , has traditionally been concerned mainly with knowledge and techniques .
assessment in particular subject areas , including mathematics , has traditionally been concerned mainly with knowledge and [ways] .

The recording of a wider range of qualities than the attainment of particular knowledge and techniques is known as a profile or record of achievement .
the recording of a wider range of qualities than the attainment of particular knowledge and [ways] is known as a profile or record of achievement .

Problem solving `` was also referred to as a more global idea , or a process which prompts active thought rather than a question designed to initiate rote-learning techniques .
problem solving `` was also referred to as a more global idea , or a process which prompts active thought rather than a question designed to initiate rote-learning [ways] .

Measuring techniques can be learned without fully understanding the underlying concepts .
measuring [ways] can be learned without fully understanding the underlying concepts .

She uses such techniques as `` sandwiching `` negatives in the enlarger .
she uses such [ways] as `` sandwiching `` negatives in the enlarger .

The Confait Case ( 1977 ) illustrated how innocent suspects could be pressurised into confessing to something they had not done in the face of sophisticated techniques of interrogation and rather less sophisticated threats .
the confait case ( 1977 ) illustrated how innocent suspects could be pressurised into confessing to something they had not done in the face of sophisticated [ways] of interrogation and rather less sophisticated threats .

( e ) He exercises control and influence through his Inspectors of Constabulary who inspect and report on the efficiency of the various forces and who ensure that new knowledge and up to date techniques are brought to the attention of the various forces .
( e ) he exercises control and influence through his inspectors of constabulary who inspect and report on the efficiency of the various forces and who ensure that new knowledge and up to date [ways] are brought to the attention of the various forces .

It was now obvious that with sufficient sensitive recording techniques it should be possible to map the parts of the brain responsible for perception — the sensory cortex — in a similar way .
it was now obvious that with sufficient sensitive recording [ways] it should be possible to map the parts of the brain responsible for perception — the sensory cortex — in a similar way .

While a great deal has been discovered about the physiology of sleep , and psychologists have developed reliable techniques for establishing when people are likely to be dreaming , there has not been an equivalent amount of progress in understanding the nature of dreams .
while a great deal has been discovered about the physiology of sleep , and psychologists have developed reliable [ways] for establishing when people are likely to be dreaming , there has not been an equivalent amount of progress in understanding the nature of dreams .

The goal of psychoanalysis was the development of a new set of techniques for use in psychiatry , and in this context dreams tended to be treated as neurotic symptoms rather than as a normal aspect of experience .
the goal of psychoanalysis was the development of a new set of [ways] for use in psychiatry , and in this context dreams tended to be treated as neurotic symptoms rather than as a normal aspect of experience .

However , particular emphasis will be placed on the more recent techniques designed to study the differentiation of cells in their normal environment in the intact embryo .
however , particular emphasis will be placed on the more recent [ways] designed to study the differentiation of cells in their normal environment in the intact embryo .

However , recently , new techniques have been devised for studying the behaviour of embryonic cells in their normal environment in the conceptus during these stages of development .
however , recently , new [ways] have been devised for studying the behaviour of embryonic cells in their normal environment in the conceptus during these stages of development .

Some of these techniques have been described in this chapter .
some of these [ways] have been described in this chapter .

The aim of this chapter will be to describe in detail the currently available techniques for air-drying and spreading of oocytes and spermatocytes in man and the mouse .
the aim of this chapter will be to describe in detail the currently available [ways] for air-drying and spreading of oocytes and spermatocytes in man and the mouse .

Special air-drying techniques using extended room temperature hypotonic treatments , or shorter hypotonic treatments at higher temperatures , have been devised for the production of extended pachytene chromosomes which can be used for mapping of individual bivalents ( 10–13 ) .
special air-drying [ways] using extended room temperature hypotonic treatments , or shorter hypotonic treatments at higher temperatures , have been devised for the production of extended pachytene chromosomes which can be used for mapping of individual bivalents ( 10–13 ) .

Extended pachytene chromosomes prepared by the techniques described in Section 2.6 have been used for the localization of genes by in situ hybridization techniques ( 16,17 ) .
extended pachytene chromosomes prepared by the [ways] described in section 2.6 have been used for the localization of genes by in situ hybridization [ways] ( 16,17 ) .

Early cytogenetic studies of meiotic prophase in females employing the use of air-drying techniques in the mouse , include those of Rohrborn and Hansmann ( 22 ) , and in man , those of Luciani and Stahl ( 23 ) and Kurilo ( 24 ) .
early cytogenetic studies of meiotic prophase in females employing the use of air-drying [ways] in the mouse , include those of rohrborn and hansmann ( 22 ) , and in man , those of luciani and stahl ( 23 ) and kurilo ( 24 ) .

However , the yield of metaphase plates of sufficient quality for cytogenetic study is determined by the accessibility and response of these divisions to established chromosome preparatory techniques .
however , the yield of metaphase plates of sufficient quality for cytogenetic study is determined by the accessibility and response of these divisions to established chromosome preparatory [ways] .

The purpose of this chapter is to describe some of the available techniques and the ways of utilizing the preparations obtained by them in a variety of applications which range from the simple determination of chromosome counts to the in situ hybridization of gene probes to banded chromosomes .
the purpose of this chapter is to describe some of the available [ways] and the ways of utilizing the preparations obtained by them in a variety of applications which range from the simple determination of chromosome counts to the in situ hybridization of gene probes to banded chromosomes .

Most of the experience described has been gained from the mouse but many of the techniques and applications are equally suitable for other mammals , including man .
most of the experience described has been gained from the mouse but many of the [ways] and applications are equally suitable for other mammals , including man .

The one requirement for the cytogenetic study of mitotic cells is to produce a well spread , flattened metaphase plate as free from overlapping chromosomes as possible . In attempting to achieve this goal , most of the techniques currently used involve the same four essential steps which are :
the one requirement for the cytogenetic study of mitotic cells is to produce a well spread , flattened metaphase plate as free from overlapping chromosomes as possible . in attempting to achieve this goal , most of the [ways] currently used involve the same four essential steps which are :

Embryos from both induced and normal ovulations show asynchrony in development from an early stage of cleavage and preparatory techniques have to be devised to attempt to recover as many as possible with analysable chromosomes .
embryos from both induced and normal ovulations show asynchrony in development from an early stage of cleavage and preparatory [ways] have to be devised to attempt to recover as many as possible with analysable chromosomes .

The nomenclature adopted ( 13 ) has the advantage of being able to accommodate further band information if this should materialize , either through the development of higher resolution techniques or from more astute observations .
the nomenclature adopted ( 13 ) has the advantage of being able to accommodate further band information if this should materialize , either through the development of higher resolution [ways] or from more astute observations .

Some additional information has emerged but , unfortunately , mouse chromosomes have not responded well to the high resolution techniques developed for human chromosomes and it is only recently that a higher resolution idiogram has been published ( 14 ) .
some additional information has emerged but , unfortunately , mouse chromosomes have not responded well to the high resolution [ways] developed for human chromosomes and it is only recently that a higher resolution idiogram has been published ( 14 ) .

If the requirement for in situ hybridization to chromosomes is to probe for the completely unknown localization of unique sequences in the mouse genome , existing techniques are limited to tissue samples which give a plentiful supply of both slides and mitotic cells .
if the requirement for in situ hybridization to chromosomes is to probe for the completely unknown localization of unique sequences in the mouse genome , existing [ways] are limited to tissue samples which give a plentiful supply of both slides and mitotic cells .

Their techniques can vary a lot , drawn widely from psychological techniques and group dynamics .
their [ways] can vary a lot , drawn widely from psychological [ways] and group dynamics .

Together advertising and public relations have a freedom and range of techniques at their disposal which advertising alone does not since public relations seeks to earn reputation and to persuade through opinion while advertising buys space or time in which to say exactly what it wants you to believe .
together advertising and public relations have a freedom and range of [ways] at their disposal which advertising alone does not since public relations seeks to earn reputation and to persuade through opinion while advertising buys space or time in which to say exactly what it wants you to believe .

Operational techniques
operational [ways]

Along with this will be a call on the public relations function to advise and to operate increasingly sophisticated persuasion techniques within the framework of democracy .
along with this will be a call on the public relations function to advise and to operate increasingly sophisticated persuasion [ways] within the framework of democracy .

Sister discusses with him the possibility of getting help from his General Practitioner and also points out to him that there may be support groups in his locality for people who wish to give up smoking or classes to learn relaxation techniques which may be helpful .
sister discusses with him the possibility of getting help from his general practitioner and also points out to him that there may be support groups in his locality for people who wish to give up smoking or classes to learn relaxation [ways] which may be helpful .

These include hazards which may cause injury like poor lifting techniques or wet floors , and those which may cause infection for example infected materials such as blood or faeces , soiled linen , used needles or knife blades .
these include hazards which may cause injury like poor lifting [ways] or wet floors , and those which may cause infection for example infected materials such as blood or faeces , soiled linen , used needles or knife blades .

Actual dressing techniques vary enormously .
actual dressing [ways] vary enormously .

Other techniques for promoting sleep involve learning to control minds and bodies , for example by meditation , so that sleep can occur if possible .
other [ways] for promoting sleep involve learning to control minds and bodies , for example by meditation , so that sleep can occur if possible .

The choice of research tactics follows not from research doctrine , but from decisions in each case as to the best available techniques : the problem defines the methods used , not vice versa .
the choice of research tactics follows not from research doctrine , but from decisions in each case as to the best available [ways] : the problem defines the methods used , not vice versa .

Equally , no method ( with its own built-in limitations ) is used exclusively or in isolation ; different techniques are combined to throw light on a common problem .
equally , no method ( with its own built-in limitations ) is used exclusively or in isolation ; different [ways] are combined to throw light on a common problem .

Certainly , we have been eclectic in adopting strategies and techniques ranging from a geographical analysis of the distribution of participating schools to a qualitative study of library use in one school , and from formal tape-recorded interviews with senior staff in schools to non-participant observation of children 's use of the library .
certainly , we have been eclectic in adopting strategies and [ways] ranging from a geographical analysis of the distribution of participating schools to a qualitative study of library use in one school , and from formal tape-recorded interviews with senior staff in schools to non-participant observation of children 's use of the library .

They experience the length and pattern of the working day , and learn about the procedures and techniques related to particular jobs .
they experience the length and pattern of the working day , and learn about the procedures and [ways] related to particular jobs .

They find , for example , that management techniques and problem-solving procedures are readily transferable to the school situation .
they find , for example , that management [ways] and problem-solving procedures are readily transferable to the school situation .

Teachers might use the time to develop a general understanding of the function , purposes and procedures of tile host organisation — or they may wish to focus on specific issues : for example , recruitment procedures , interview techniques , management skills , appraisal , and so on .
teachers might use the time to develop a general understanding of the function , purposes and procedures of tile host organisation — or they may wish to focus on specific issues : for example , recruitment procedures , interview [ways] , management skills , appraisal , and so on .

Counselling , the provision of positive role models and other techniques may be introduced at an early stage .
counselling , the provision of positive role models and other [ways] may be introduced at an early stage .

It is likely that most Partnerships will wish to employ more comprehensive monitoring and evaluation techniques .
it is likely that most partnerships will wish to employ more comprehensive monitoring and evaluation [ways] .

He has even gone back to old techniques .
he has even gone back to old [ways] .

Other techniques may also have been taken over the Atlantic by the conquistadores and , though lost from view of Spain , preserved in South America ; tremolo and on-the-box percussion , both used by King , are two of these .
other [ways] may also have been taken over the atlantic by the conquistadores and , though lost from view of spain , preserved in south america ; tremolo and on-the-box percussion , both used by king , are two of these .

The emphasis is thus on the command structures found in private industry or commerce , where corporate techniques developed , rather than on the popular involvement and bargaining that should accompany democratic processes of public policy-making .
the emphasis is thus on the command structures found in private industry or commerce , where corporate [ways] developed , rather than on the popular involvement and bargaining that should accompany democratic processes of public policy-making .

Many of the techniques of scientific management have been developed in private industry and commerce .
many of the [ways] of scientific management have been developed in private industry and commerce .

Learned behaviour in any particular society includes those ideas , techniques and habits which are passed on by one generation to another — in a sense , a social heritage — and which are virtually a set of solutions to problems that , in the course of time , others have met and solved before .
learned behaviour in any particular society includes those ideas , [ways] and habits which are passed on by one generation to another — in a sense , a social heritage — and which are virtually a set of solutions to problems that , in the course of time , others have met and solved before .

It is crucial to understand that this class relationship is a social relationship which is not automatically and directly produced by specific techniques of production .
it is crucial to understand that this class relationship is a social relationship which is not automatically and directly produced by specific [ways] of production .

For example , the growing of wheat using traditional , non-mechanical techniques is compatible with a wide range of social relations of production .
for example , the growing of wheat using traditional , non-mechanical [ways] is compatible with a wide range of social relations of production .

The workers , replaced by sheep and by mechanised farming techniques , were forced to become landless proletarians , dependent on employment in a labour market .
the workers , replaced by sheep and by mechanised farming [ways] , were forced to become landless proletarians , dependent on employment in a labour market .

For example , the ‘ enclosures ’ concentrated land and allowed new techniques , but only through completely disrupting the social relations existing in the countryside .
for example , the ‘ enclosures ’ concentrated land and allowed new [ways] , but only through completely disrupting the social relations existing in the countryside .

‘ The history of marine science is intimately associated with the development of techniques for obtaining the raw data and with the vessels from which the observations were made .
‘ the history of marine science is intimately associated with the development of [ways] for obtaining the raw data and with the vessels from which the observations were made .

British Textile Treasures displays antique quilts showing patchwork and quilting techniques and traditions ; The Skopos Challenge exhibits 150 contemporary works selected by leading quilters , showing bed and cot quilts and wall hangings .
british textile treasures displays antique quilts showing patchwork and quilting [ways] and traditions ; the skopos challenge exhibits 150 contemporary works selected by leading quilters , showing bed and cot quilts and wall hangings .

It also helps them build up market research techniques — required in the technology section of the National Curriculum — as well as developing planning , advertising , promotion and interviewing skills .
it also helps them build up market research [ways] — required in the technology section of the national curriculum — as well as developing planning , advertising , promotion and interviewing skills .

Schwantz , less of a dirt tracker than his American contemporaries , acquired his peg weighting techniques from another two wheel discipline .
schwantz , less of a dirt tracker than his american contemporaries , acquired his peg weighting [ways] from another two wheel discipline .

Techniques vary among the top passengers .
[ways] vary among the top passengers .

New techniques and organization of land may have led to a better diet .
new [ways] and organization of land may have led to a better diet .

The combination of census data with tried geographical techniques of cartographic analysis means we have been relatively well informed about the essentials of population distribution for over half a century .
the combination of census data with tried geographical [ways] of cartographic analysis means we have been relatively well informed about the essentials of population distribution for over half a century .

Neither is it true that well-developed contraceptive techniques are necessary to achieve low fertility .
neither is it true that well-developed contraceptive [ways] are necessary to achieve low fertility .

The incidence of many congenital malformations has declined in the last decade thanks to advances in screening coverage ( see Carter 1983 , Royal College of Physicians 1989 ) and techniques , and wider knowledge of the availability of abortion .
the incidence of many congenital malformations has declined in the last decade thanks to advances in screening coverage ( see carter 1983 , royal college of physicians 1989 ) and [ways] , and wider knowledge of the availability of abortion .

Contraceptive techniques are still far from ideal , especially for romantic , ignorant , or embarrassed youth .
contraceptive [ways] are still far from ideal , especially for romantic , ignorant , or embarrassed youth .

As early as 1339 , the town of Cambrai had begun to introduce firepower into its defensive system , an exceptionally early example of the use of such techniques .
as early as 1339 , the town of cambrai had begun to introduce firepower into its defensive system , an exceptionally early example of the use of such [ways] .

In all this , Elkington and Hailes borrow shamelessly the techniques of the enemy .
in all this , elkington and hailes borrow shamelessly the [ways] of the enemy .

Similarly adventurous is her choice of materials and techniques ; she is equally at home working with enamels , hardstones , Wedgwood china , precious stones and perspex .
similarly adventurous is her choice of materials and [ways] ; she is equally at home working with enamels , hardstones , wedgwood china , precious stones and perspex .

Taubman introduced American management techniques into an industry previously run on engagingly British lines .
taubman introduced american management [ways] into an industry previously run on engagingly british lines .

Or you could try out the flight simulator techniques at ‘ Star Wars ’ where you feel as if you 're really taking part in a full scale intergalactic battle .
or you could try out the flight simulator [ways] at ‘ star wars ’ where you feel as if you 're really taking part in a full scale intergalactic battle .

But these differences reflect different ideas of what counts as relevant evidence ; and much of the literature is a debate on evidence and the proper and improper uses of techniques for manipulating data .
but these differences reflect different ideas of what counts as relevant evidence ; and much of the literature is a debate on evidence and the proper and improper uses of [ways] for manipulating data .

To find out , we need empirical and statistical techniques for sampling what goes on in offices .
to find out , we need empirical and statistical [ways] for sampling what goes on in offices .

Modern fabrics and manufacturing techniques are revolutionising underwear .
modern fabrics and manufacturing [ways] are revolutionising underwear .

There are various operations offered , which have a high rate of success in minimising damage : the layers of the retina are sealed together by freezing or other techniques and the volume of the eye is decreased to reduce the chances of the retina being pulled open again .
there are various operations offered , which have a high rate of success in minimising damage : the layers of the retina are sealed together by freezing or other [ways] and the volume of the eye is decreased to reduce the chances of the retina being pulled open again .

They did not shrink from assassination and , in so far as the technology of the epoch allowed , they employed techniques which today would be associated with terrorism .
they did not shrink from assassination and , in so far as the technology of the epoch allowed , they employed [ways] which today would be associated with terrorism .

The result is that ‘ international judicial assistance ’ now comprises well-established techniques and procedures for co-operation in civil and commercial proceedings , together with a very much more recent growth of international agreements , bilateral regional and multilateral , in which those techniques and procedures are extended and developed for use in the field of criminal investigations , prosecutions , and to trace and seize the proceeds of crimes .
the result is that ‘ international judicial assistance ’ now comprises well-established [ways] and procedures for co-operation in civil and commercial proceedings , together with a very much more recent growth of international agreements , bilateral regional and multilateral , in which those [ways] and procedures are extended and developed for use in the field of criminal investigations , prosecutions , and to trace and seize the proceeds of crimes .

The latter area is developing so rapidly , and sees so many new initiatives , that its shape is still relatively unclear and the techniques are still being refined ; but they are firmly based on the much longer experience gained through co-operation in the civil area .
the latter area is developing so rapidly , and sees so many new initiatives , that its shape is still relatively unclear and the [ways] are still being refined ; but they are firmly based on the much longer experience gained through co-operation in the civil area .

Dana claimed that he expanded his diary into the narrative Two Years Before the Mast ( the significant subtitle is ‘ An authentic narrative of a sailor 's Life at Sea ’ ) in order to represent the seaman 's view ignored in other sea-stories , but as a young undergraduate , sent to sea for his health , he presented a life of hardship and monotony from an educated point of view and seems in any case to have been more concerned with exact recording of weather , cargoes and seaman 's techniques than with personal behaviour and attitudes .
dana claimed that he expanded his diary into the narrative two years before the mast ( the significant subtitle is ‘ an authentic narrative of a sailor 's life at sea ’ ) in order to represent the seaman 's view ignored in other sea-stories , but as a young undergraduate , sent to sea for his health , he presented a life of hardship and monotony from an educated point of view and seems in any case to have been more concerned with exact recording of weather , cargoes and seaman 's [ways] than with personal behaviour and attitudes .

Combining a vast array of puppetry techniques , strange masked characters and live music , they tour to the following Sussex villages :
combining a vast array of puppetry [ways] , strange masked characters and live music , they tour to the following sussex villages :

She went to the headquarters of the Special Air Services in Hereford where she underwent a ‘ terrifying ’ driving course where she learnt the basic techniques in handling a possible terrorist attack or kidnap attempt .
she went to the headquarters of the special air services in hereford where she underwent a ‘ terrifying ’ driving course where she learnt the basic [ways] in handling a possible terrorist attack or kidnap attempt .

Use of tumour markers in patients presenting with metastatic adenocarcinoma of unknown origin can help localise the probable primary sites and reduce the need for extensive and expensive imaging techniques .
use of tumour markers in patients presenting with metastatic adenocarcinoma of unknown origin can help localise the probable primary sites and reduce the need for extensive and expensive imaging [ways] .

Furthermore , some of the techniques used by clinical ecologists , which centre on avoiding environmental stimuli , can worsen psychological distress and physical disability .
furthermore , some of the [ways] used by clinical ecologists , which centre on avoiding environmental stimuli , can worsen psychological distress and physical disability .

Should the general public be left alone to make their own decisions , when presented with unproven techniques ?
should the general public be left alone to make their own decisions , when presented with unproven [ways] ?

The powerful molecular techniques now available should soon result in great advances in our understanding of Paget 's disease .
the powerful molecular [ways] now available should soon result in great advances in our understanding of paget 's disease .

Tarbes is a busy , professional plant with a big enough workload to enable it to adopt modern manufacturing techniques .
tarbes is a busy , professional plant with a big enough workload to enable it to adopt modern manufacturing [ways] .

Most small aeroplanes have an average airspeed of about 90mph , and can fly much more slowly if necessary to apply rallying techniques to aerial navigation ( i.e. when the viz gets a bit iffy . )
most small aeroplanes have an average airspeed of about 90mph , and can fly much more slowly if necessary to apply rallying [ways] to aerial navigation ( i.e. when the viz gets a bit iffy . )

Instruments ( or techniques ) enable the authorities to influence target variables .
instruments ( or [ways] ) enable the authorities to influence target variables .

First story ; a couple of sex therapists teaching extended orgasm techniques : Robin said it would be better to extend the period of time after the orgasm — ‘ you know , three days of sleep ’ .
first story ; a couple of sex therapists teaching extended orgasm [ways] : robin said it would be better to extend the period of time after the orgasm — ‘ you know , three days of sleep ’ .

Thus , science must begin with myths , and with the criticism of myths ; neither with the collection of observations , nor with the invention of experiments , but with the critical discussion of myths , and of magical techniques and practices .
thus , science must begin with myths , and with the criticism of myths ; neither with the collection of observations , nor with the invention of experiments , but with the critical discussion of myths , and of magical [ways] and practices .

The guide was written by Des Hannigan and there has been some friction between the two in recent years , caused to some extent by Rowland and Mark Edwards ' new-routing techniques .
the guide was written by des hannigan and there has been some friction between the two in recent years , caused to some extent by rowland and mark edwards ' new-routing [ways] .

On Monday , May 31 , and Tuesday , June 1 there will be pottery workshops where visitors will be able to use genuine Roman techniques and designs to make their own Ante-fix ( and to find out what an Ante-fix is you will have to go along ) .
on monday , may 31 , and tuesday , june 1 there will be pottery workshops where visitors will be able to use genuine roman [ways] and designs to make their own ante-fix ( and to find out what an ante-fix is you will have to go along ) .

Where the arable trail demonstrates how conservation and modern farming techniques can flourish side by side , Cow Wood , with a history going back to medieval times , emphasises the environmental importance of well-managed woodland and is a logical extension of the Bovingdon Hall concept .
where the arable trail demonstrates how conservation and modern farming [ways] can flourish side by side , cow wood , with a history going back to medieval times , emphasises the environmental importance of well-managed woodland and is a logical extension of the bovingdon hall concept .

Remote sensing ( air and spaceborne ) techniques have been applied to various areas of Britain .
remote sensing ( air and spaceborne ) [ways] have been applied to various areas of britain .

Christopher Baker explains the development of a recent commissioned painting of a view of London , and gives us an insight into the materials and techniques used for the studies and final work
christopher baker explains the development of a recent commissioned painting of a view of london , and gives us an insight into the materials and [ways] used for the studies and final work

It also explains the precision that they are capable of , yet Polychromos Pastels are also blendable and workable in layers and are therefore adaptable to a very wide range of styles and techniques .
it also explains the precision that they are capable of , yet polychromos pastels are also blendable and workable in layers and are therefore adaptable to a very wide range of styles and [ways] .

From her work as a professional painter and teacher she passes on the many tips , secrets and techniques that she has learned over the years and shows how gardens , with their immense variety and colour , can provide the artist with endless ideas .
from her work as a professional painter and teacher she passes on the many tips , secrets and [ways] that she has learned over the years and shows how gardens , with their immense variety and colour , can provide the artist with endless ideas .

There is a brief but pertinent section on materials and techniques , including some illustrated exercises .
there is a brief but pertinent section on materials and [ways] , including some illustrated exercises .

‘ The survey will be analysed by scientific market research techniques and full details published in the Accountants Magazine later this year . ’
‘ the survey will be analysed by scientific market research [ways] and full details published in the accountants magazine later this year . ’

The aim is to bring together model developers and users from all disciplines to discuss progress in developing modelling techniques , and provide a wider understanding of the tools available .
the aim is to bring together model developers and users from all disciplines to discuss progress in developing modelling [ways] , and provide a wider understanding of the tools available .

The seminar took place in The Zoological Society 's Regency Suite and the morning session covered the various pest problems and the techniques that Rentokil employ to solve them .
the seminar took place in the zoological society 's regency suite and the morning session covered the various pest problems and the [ways] that rentokil employ to solve them .

4 Describe the display policies and techniques of each of the following :
4 describe the display policies and [ways] of each of the following :

Many young people coming into industry and commerce have a basic knowledge of marketing techniques and employers are expecting more of their marketing people .
many young people coming into industry and commerce have a basic knowledge of marketing [ways] and employers are expecting more of their marketing people .

Interviews , assertiveness techniques and use of the telephone are among topics covered .
interviews , assertiveness [ways] and use of the telephone are among topics covered .

Some independent study potential but techniques suggested make it more useful in a class setting .
some independent study potential but [ways] suggested make it more useful in a class setting .

Chapters divided into four sections : ( a ) improve understanding ( b ) extend word power ( c ) develop communication techniques ( d ) test efficiency .
chapters divided into four sections : ( a ) improve understanding ( b ) extend word power ( c ) develop communication [ways] ( d ) test efficiency .

In manuscript assignments , candidates will be required to demonstrate simple display techniques .
in manuscript assignments , candidates will be required to demonstrate simple display [ways] .

In the manuscript assignment , candidates will be required to demonstrate display techniques .
in the manuscript assignment , candidates will be required to demonstrate display [ways] .

The manuscript assignment , candidates will be required to demonstrate display techniques .
the manuscript assignment , candidates will be required to demonstrate display [ways] .

The techniques for handing , displaying , interpreting , transferring and reformulating information already introduced at the previous levels will be invoked for more advanced tasks .
the [ways] for handing , displaying , interpreting , transferring and reformulating information already introduced at the previous levels will be invoked for more advanced tasks .

The samples were subjected to sophisticated analytical techniques at the Research and Engineering Centre , Sunbury — probably the first time that rock from the region has been analysed in the West , said Dave .
the samples were subjected to sophisticated analytical [ways] at the research and engineering centre , sunbury — probably the first time that rock from the region has been analysed in the west , said dave .

The team is now breaking the basin apart , attempting to apply modern techniques , and posing new questions .
the team is now breaking the basin apart , attempting to apply modern [ways] , and posing new questions .

The group identified a number of needs , including information dissemination , validation , preparation of course documentation , writing competences and units and assessment techniques .
the group identified a number of needs , including information dissemination , validation , preparation of course documentation , writing competences and units and assessment [ways] .

In the study of Languages , the pronounced use of interactive techniques underpins the necessity to understand and manipulate the syntax that forms the basis of the language .
in the study of languages , the pronounced use of interactive [ways] underpins the necessity to understand and manipulate the syntax that forms the basis of the language .

The results of an MSC-funded Local Collaborative Project , investigating the training needs of the local electronics industry and completed in 1986 , highlighted the need in Fife to train and retrain engineers and technicians in hybrid skills and the techniques involved in Computer Aided Engineering .
the results of an msc-funded local collaborative project , investigating the training needs of the local electronics industry and completed in 1986 , highlighted the need in fife to train and retrain engineers and technicians in hybrid skills and the [ways] involved in computer aided engineering .

Analysis of various briefs and case studies will involve students in developing an effective visual methodology , incorporating various graphic media processes , design formats and illustration techniques .
analysis of various briefs and case studies will involve students in developing an effective visual methodology , incorporating various graphic media processes , design formats and illustration [ways] .

The student will be involved in the development of skills and techniques related to project analysis and management ; setting and attaining goals ; assessing performance ; instigating performance criteria and the development of oral and written articulation of work ‘ in hand ’ related to progress and development .
the student will be involved in the development of skills and [ways] related to project analysis and management ; setting and attaining goals ; assessing performance ; instigating performance criteria and the development of oral and written articulation of work ‘ in hand ’ related to progress and development .

Each unit writer was trained in the techniques of unit writing , but the major focus was to be the consultation with employers and each unit writer was recruited and briefed a consultative network of users to moderate his or her writing .
each unit writer was trained in the [ways] of unit writing , but the major focus was to be the consultation with employers and each unit writer was recruited and briefed a consultative network of users to moderate his or her writing .

And these are very extensive as a glance at the examination syllabuses will reveal — including mathematical , statistical and financial techniques , economics and accounts , probability and statistics , institutional investment theory and the mathematics of finance .
and these are very extensive as a glance at the examination syllabuses will reveal — including mathematical , statistical and financial [ways] , economics and accounts , probability and statistics , institutional investment theory and the mathematics of finance .

The discipline involved in applying actuarial techniques of probability means that actuaries frequently develop a flair for analysing and solving business problems .
the discipline involved in applying actuarial [ways] of probability means that actuaries frequently develop a flair for analysing and solving business problems .

The 6 subjects in this group cover mathematical , statistical and financial techniques .
the 6 subjects in this group cover mathematical , statistical and financial [ways] .

To use the best available techniques to eliminate or make harmless any waste produced .
to use the best available [ways] to eliminate or make harmless any waste produced .

The programme uses various monitoring and target setting techniques to use energy efficiently throughout the Group .
the programme uses various monitoring and target setting [ways] to use energy efficiently throughout the group .

Numeracy : the ability to use a range of arithmetical and basic statistical techniques to reach conclusions in practical situations .
numeracy : the ability to use a range of arithmetical and basic statistical [ways] to reach conclusions in practical situations .

They should be credible in the assessment context , which means that in addition to having expertise in the relevant discipline , they should also have some formal training in assessment methodology and techniques .
they should be credible in the assessment context , which means that in addition to having expertise in the relevant discipline , they should also have some formal training in assessment methodology and [ways] .

Relevant techniques , methods and technologies are used to enable individuals/groups to apply learning
relevant [ways] , methods and technologies are used to enable individuals/groups to apply learning

Using sound induction systems and assessment techniques , the prison authorities are more able to meet the educational/vocational training needs , aspirations and abilities of inmates .
using sound induction systems and assessment [ways] , the prison authorities are more able to meet the educational/vocational training needs , aspirations and abilities of inmates .

‘ And in my view there 's still more to come both in mechanised manufacture and in decorating techniques , ’ he added .
‘ and in my view there 's still more to come both in mechanised manufacture and in decorating [ways] , ’ he added .

The introduction of new efficient and fast fumigation techniques which have been developed by Rentokil , combined with the use of insecticides compatible with airframe construction , have created an international aircraft pest-control service that is now far more effective than the previously available one-shot aerosol ‘ disinsection ’ .
the introduction of new efficient and fast fumigation [ways] which have been developed by rentokil , combined with the use of insecticides compatible with airframe construction , have created an international aircraft pest-control service that is now far more effective than the previously available one-shot aerosol ‘ disinsection ’ .

‘ Green ’ pest control techniques include the electronic detection of rodents and special services which reduce or completely eliminate the use of toxic materials .
‘ green ’ pest control [ways] include the electronic detection of rodents and special services which reduce or completely eliminate the use of toxic materials .

In addition to pioneering ‘ green ’ techniques in areas such as pest control , a number of new businesses have been developed to meet the increasing concern for the environment .
in addition to pioneering ‘ green ’ [ways] in areas such as pest control , a number of new businesses have been developed to meet the increasing concern for the environment .

We have the opportunity to take stock of our special techniques and their relevance to a changing world .
we have the opportunity to take stock of our special [ways] and their relevance to a changing world .

There are numerous areas in which general insurance actuaries are currently developing new techniques , for example , medical expenses .
there are numerous areas in which general insurance actuaries are currently developing new [ways] , for example , medical expenses .

Hospitals in England and Wales need 8,500 donations of blood every day of the year and as medical techniques become more sophisticated , the demand is rising steadily .
hospitals in england and wales need 8,500 donations of blood every day of the year and as medical [ways] become more sophisticated , the demand is rising steadily .

‘ They came to the conclusion that fresh introductions were needed , based on the traditional styles and techniques , but with a new , contemporary appeal . ’
‘ they came to the conclusion that fresh introductions were needed , based on the traditional styles and [ways] , but with a new , contemporary appeal . ’

Each team has to create its own routine which has to include mandatory starburst , jumping jacks , domino sequence and freezing techniques .
each team has to create its own routine which has to include mandatory starburst , jumping jacks , domino sequence and freezing [ways] .

Architect Keith Murray called on friends who were high ranking in the Air Ministry to advise on camouflage and black-out techniques .
architect keith murray called on friends who were high ranking in the air ministry to advise on camouflage and black-out [ways] .

Jean-Marc Brocard is an exceptionally talented wine-maker producing classic wines using modern vinification techniques .
jean-marc brocard is an exceptionally talented wine-maker producing classic wines using modern vinification [ways] .

Most techniques so far used for increasing speed are now becoming inviable for the future , and new techniques must be developed .
most [ways] so far used for increasing speed are now becoming inviable for the future , and new [ways] must be developed .

However , despite this agreement on the need for parallel computing , many open issues about these techniques still exist .
however , despite this agreement on the need for parallel computing , many open issues about these [ways] still exist .

There are many techniques but not all are suitable for use in school .
there are many [ways] but not all are suitable for use in school .

Surprisingly little is recorded about the techniques of ship construction at that time , and the wreck may provide valuable clues .
surprisingly little is recorded about the [ways] of ship construction at that time , and the wreck may provide valuable clues .

They were also prepared to work together , sharing expertise and developing resources and techniques for continuous improvement , not for individual company gain but for the greater benefit of Scotland .
they were also prepared to work together , sharing expertise and developing resources and [ways] for continuous improvement , not for individual company gain but for the greater benefit of scotland .

This was partly due to the development of improved building techniques but was also because — until , that is , the recent property crash — growing rental income and lowering yields encouraged developers and landlords to think of new offices as investments that would increase in value year on year .
this was partly due to the development of improved building [ways] but was also because — until , that is , the recent property crash — growing rental income and lowering yields encouraged developers and landlords to think of new offices as investments that would increase in value year on year .

Each package is independently analysed by two individuals , chosen not only for their specialist knowledge of the industry but also for their understanding of open learning techniques .
each package is independently analysed by two individuals , chosen not only for their specialist knowledge of the industry but also for their understanding of open learning [ways] .

For example , according to , ‘ anxiety attacks can be eased by learning mental relaxation techniques .
for example , according to , ‘ anxiety attacks can be eased by learning mental relaxation [ways] .

Archaeology itself is a form of intellectual theft — a discipline which steals ideas and techniques from other subjects to help in its understanding of the human past .
archaeology itself is a form of intellectual theft — a discipline which steals ideas and [ways] from other subjects to help in its understanding of the human past .

Concepts borrowed from anthropology aid our understanding of social structure , while the techniques of physics enable us to date the past .
concepts borrowed from anthropology aid our understanding of social structure , while the [ways] of physics enable us to date the past .

Using correlation techniques it can then be seen what feature of the sum best predicts response time .
using correlation [ways] it can then be seen what feature of the sum best predicts response time .

Management has recognised this and over recent decades has tried various ways to improve this front line contact . Techniques which have evolved offer the past 30 years , include :
management has recognised this and over recent decades has tried various ways to improve this front line contact . [ways] which have evolved offer the past 30 years , include :

Training individual workers using prescriptive techniques , such as on-job training , or less prescriptive methods such as videos and models of behaviour frameworks .
training individual workers using prescriptive [ways] , such as on-job training , or less prescriptive methods such as videos and models of behaviour frameworks .

All these techniques have been successful in certain circumstances but most have failed to provide the total answer .
all these [ways] have been successful in certain circumstances but most have failed to provide the total answer .

It seems businesses have never set out to choose in a deliberate and disciplined way which technique or techniques are likely to be the most effective , given the circumstances and the resources available .
it seems businesses have never set out to choose in a deliberate and disciplined way which technique or [ways] are likely to be the most effective , given the circumstances and the resources available .

How can businesses decide which techniques will best improve their service ? What are the circumstances that will make one technique more effective than another ?
how can businesses decide which [ways] will best improve their service ? what are the circumstances that will make one technique more effective than another ?

Techniques can fail to meet expectations because they are applied without due regard for the culture of the organisation , for example the currently popular ‘ empowerment of the individual ’ will not work well in a highly systematic , centrally controlled management culture .
[ways] can fail to meet expectations because they are applied without due regard for the culture of the organisation , for example the currently popular ‘ empowerment of the individual ’ will not work well in a highly systematic , centrally controlled management culture .

Influencing a short , predictable , product-oriented transaction ( say purchasing a hamburger at a fast food restaurant ) would lend itself to prescriptive training techniques supported by highly specified procedures and standards .
influencing a short , predictable , product-oriented transaction ( say purchasing a hamburger at a fast food restaurant ) would lend itself to prescriptive training [ways] supported by highly specified procedures and standards .

It deserves careful thought , especially when many of the techniques to improve it can be expensive in time , effort and money .
it deserves careful thought , especially when many of the [ways] to improve it can be expensive in time , effort and money .

Consideration of the key factors involved and judicious selection of the techniques to be used is a pre-requisite for cost effective improvement .
consideration of the key factors involved and judicious selection of the [ways] to be used is a pre-requisite for cost effective improvement .

financial — photocopying etc … mutual support — talking through research techniques etc … embarking on collaborative research
financial — photocopying etc … mutual support — talking through research [ways] etc … embarking on collaborative research

The exhibition aims to raise awareness of the subtle advertising and marketing techniques employed to encourage and increase the purchase of a wide variety of goods .
the exhibition aims to raise awareness of the subtle advertising and marketing [ways] employed to encourage and increase the purchase of a wide variety of goods .

What we would be looking for from you is a talk of some 15–20 minutes duration outlining what can be done for public transport by traffic management techniques and perhaps illustrated by some Lothian examples , together with a willingness to answer any questions which may be put to you .
what we would be looking for from you is a talk of some 15–20 minutes duration outlining what can be done for public transport by traffic management [ways] and perhaps illustrated by some lothian examples , together with a willingness to answer any questions which may be put to you .

The vocabulary and language of this sonnet is relatively simple and straightforward but there are a few techniques , such as alliteration and the careful placing of certain words , which make it more interesting to study .
the vocabulary and language of this sonnet is relatively simple and straightforward but there are a few [ways] , such as alliteration and the careful placing of certain words , which make it more interesting to study .

Counterpoint including Fugue The study ( through written exercises ) of contrapuntal techniques with emphasis on sixteenth- and eighteenth-century styles .
counterpoint including fugue the study ( through written exercises ) of contrapuntal [ways] with emphasis on sixteenth- and eighteenth-century styles .

Geotechnical Engineering and Non-Destructive Testing : Vehicle-soil interaction in construction , soil-structure interaction , innovative techniques for bulk solids testing , acoustic signals and impulse radar to find defects in construction and hidden subterranean features .
geotechnical engineering and non-destructive testing : vehicle-soil interaction in construction , soil-structure interaction , innovative [ways] for bulk solids testing , acoustic signals and impulse radar to find defects in construction and hidden subterranean features .

The group 's goals are to understand the factors influencing the origin , development and character of hydrocarbon reservoirs , and to develop and apply techniques to improve the location and characterisation of reservoirs .
the group 's goals are to understand the factors influencing the origin , development and character of hydrocarbon reservoirs , and to develop and apply [ways] to improve the location and characterisation of reservoirs .

Aims to broaden the range of classical subjects and provide grounding in methods and techniques of research .
aims to broaden the range of classical subjects and provide grounding in methods and [ways] of research .

The programme is designed to help students acquire a secure knowledge of the principles and formal techniques in four of the relevant disciplines : computational linguistics , cognitive psychology , logic and formal semantics and theoretical linguistics .
the programme is designed to help students acquire a secure knowledge of the principles and formal [ways] in four of the relevant disciplines : computational linguistics , cognitive psychology , logic and formal semantics and theoretical linguistics .

Normally one elective from Theories and Techniques of Counselling , Community Education in Developing Countries , Special Needs in Community Education , Educational Policy and Planning in Developing Countries .
normally one elective from theories and [ways] of counselling , community education in developing countries , special needs in community education , educational policy and planning in developing countries .

Topics covered include Physics , Radiography , Radiographic Anatomy , Clinical Radiological Interpretation and Diagnostic and Interventional Techniques .
topics covered include physics , radiography , radiographic anatomy , clinical radiological interpretation and diagnostic and interventional [ways] .

Related laboratory experiments will also be provided to give students experience of some of the basic experimental techniques which are important in the study of amorphous materials .
related laboratory experiments will also be provided to give students experience of some of the basic experimental [ways] which are important in the study of amorphous materials .

Course modules in Techniques of Resource Management and Human Resource Management are considered essential .
course modules in [ways] of resource management and human resource management are considered essential .

For instance , they both involve application of the techniques of modern linguistic analysis to the investigation of the sounds , forms , constructions , and uses of the language , both now and at earlier stages .
for instance , they both involve application of the [ways] of modern linguistic analysis to the investigation of the sounds , forms , constructions , and uses of the language , both now and at earlier stages .

It is loosely divided into Pure Mathematics ( concerned with developing a rigorous and logical framework for mathematical entities ) and Applied Mathematics ( the use of mathematical techniques and results in the study of other disciplines , eg Biology , Economics , Physics ) .
it is loosely divided into pure mathematics ( concerned with developing a rigorous and logical framework for mathematical entities ) and applied mathematics ( the use of mathematical [ways] and results in the study of other disciplines , eg biology , economics , physics ) .

This is partly due to knowledge that enables understanding and acquisition of specific statistical , computing or operational research techniques , and partly because the study of Mathematics cultivates a range of abilities such as flexibility , clarity of thought , thoroughness , concision , and accuracy in exposition .
this is partly due to knowledge that enables understanding and acquisition of specific statistical , computing or operational research [ways] , and partly because the study of mathematics cultivates a range of abilities such as flexibility , clarity of thought , thoroughness , concision , and accuracy in exposition .

Observational astronomy involves much advanced technology such as solid state detectors , computer controlled instrumentation , and image processing techniques , and covers the whole electromagnetic spectrum from gamma rays to radio waves .
observational astronomy involves much advanced technology such as solid state detectors , computer controlled instrumentation , and image processing [ways] , and covers the whole electromagnetic spectrum from gamma rays to radio waves .

Honours and MPhys courses include cosmology , stellar astronomy and astronomical techniques .
honours and mphys courses include cosmology , stellar astronomy and astronomical [ways] .

These experiments involve many different techniques , chemical , physical , cell biological , and immunological , as well as data analysis with computers .
these experiments involve many different [ways] , chemical , physical , cell biological , and immunological , as well as data analysis with computers .

As a relatively young but expanding discipline it is currently making , principally through the techniques of genetic engineering , an increasing contribution to medicine , agriculture and industry .
as a relatively young but expanding discipline it is currently making , principally through the [ways] of genetic engineering , an increasing contribution to medicine , agriculture and industry .

Students are introduced to the techniques that are important to genetic and molecular studies of both micro-organisms and a number of more complex higher systems , including molecular cloning and genetic manipulation .
students are introduced to the [ways] that are important to genetic and molecular studies of both micro-organisms and a number of more complex higher systems , including molecular cloning and genetic manipulation .

Study of the physiology and pharmacology and neurons is enriched by work at a systems level about how networks of brain cells interact to control behaviour and by the insights and techniques of molecular and cellular biology .
study of the physiology and pharmacology and neurons is enriched by work at a systems level about how networks of brain cells interact to control behaviour and by the insights and [ways] of molecular and cellular biology .

This course is designed to produce graduates conversant with the techniques of physics and chemistry and armed with the necessary mathematical skill to work effectively at the chemical/physical interface .
this course is designed to produce graduates conversant with the [ways] of physics and chemistry and armed with the necessary mathematical skill to work effectively at the chemical/physical interface .

The increasing ability of desk-top computers to perform sophisticated mathematical manipulations , in addition to massive calculations , is rapidly extending the applicability of mathematical techniques .
the increasing ability of desk-top computers to perform sophisticated mathematical manipulations , in addition to massive calculations , is rapidly extending the applicability of mathematical [ways] .

On the management side of industry , mathematical techniques are used in the solution of a variety of complex problems in production , distribution , transportation , marketing and capital investment .
on the management side of industry , mathematical [ways] are used in the solution of a variety of complex problems in production , distribution , transportation , marketing and capital investment .

They provide expertise across a wide range of topics while allowing the students to contribute to the year-to-year developments in experimental techniques .
they provide expertise across a wide range of topics while allowing the students to contribute to the year-to-year developments in experimental [ways] .

However , they take a larger number of those lecture modules in which emphasis is placed on theoretical physics and associated mathematical principles and techniques .
however , they take a larger number of those lecture modules in which emphasis is placed on theoretical physics and associated mathematical principles and [ways] .

Many of their lecture modules are chosen from a set which demonstrates the potential of computational techniques , for example in simulation .
many of their lecture modules are chosen from a set which demonstrates the potential of computational [ways] , for example in simulation .

Archaeologists share techniques and methods with people who work in the humanities , social scientists , geographers , environmental scientists and natural scientists .
archaeologists share [ways] and methods with people who work in the humanities , social scientists , geographers , environmental scientists and natural scientists .

It also demands an understanding of social needs , economic factors , production and procurement systems , natural and environmental sciences , technology , and information handling techniques — an almost unlimited range of factors act upon the architect , requiring an appropriately broad repertoire of skills and techniques .
it also demands an understanding of social needs , economic factors , production and procurement systems , natural and environmental sciences , technology , and information handling [ways] — an almost unlimited range of factors act upon the architect , requiring an appropriately broad repertoire of skills and [ways] .

The mathematical techniques of management science are used to ensure the efficient conduct of operations .
the mathematical [ways] of management science are used to ensure the efficient conduct of operations .

Economics and Politics provide a training in the techniques of two major social sciences disciplines .
economics and politics provide a training in the [ways] of two major social sciences disciplines .

For students with a mathematical background of a good grade in Higher or A-level mathematics , the joint honours degrees in Economics and Mathematics and in Economics and Statistics provide an excellent training in modern quantitative techniques .
for students with a mathematical background of a good grade in higher or a-level mathematics , the joint honours degrees in economics and mathematics and in economics and statistics provide an excellent training in modern quantitative [ways] .

The analytical techniques available to the bureaucracies of modern states are increasingly sophisticated .
the analytical [ways] available to the bureaucracies of modern states are increasingly sophisticated .

The bourgeoisie and petty bourgeoisie might contain traitors and saboteurs , but they also know the techniques of management , industrial production and trade — ‘ they do know how to run shops ’ , Lenin conceded .
the bourgeoisie and petty bourgeoisie might contain traitors and saboteurs , but they also know the [ways] of management , industrial production and trade — ‘ they do know how to run shops ’ , lenin conceded .

Farmers become dependent on it for inputs and new techniques of cultivation and husbandry .
farmers become dependent on it for inputs and new [ways] of cultivation and husbandry .

He said he was called Prentice and he was a detective-sergeant and he 'd been well trained in the most vicious of police techniques : politeness and reasonableness .
he said he was called prentice and he was a detective-sergeant and he 'd been well trained in the most vicious of police [ways] : politeness and reasonableness .

The reason for this is that Field 's New Tribe is imbued with the rather vague mission of transmitting ‘ Western techniques ’ to traditional societies and although this opens the door to many fascinating details about the structures of culture contact , it is at a rather high level of generality for explanatory purposes and it seriously underplays the role of the classes responsible for capitalist expansionism .
the reason for this is that field 's new tribe is imbued with the rather vague mission of transmitting ‘ western [ways] ’ to traditional societies and although this opens the door to many fascinating details about the structures of culture contact , it is at a rather high level of generality for explanatory purposes and it seriously underplays the role of the classes responsible for capitalist expansionism .

‘ Nothing in human experience has prepared men , women and children for the modern television techniques of fixing human attention and creating the uncritical mood required to sell goods , many of which are marginal at best to human needs ’ ( Bagdikian , 1989 , p.819 ) .
‘ nothing in human experience has prepared men , women and children for the modern television [ways] of fixing human attention and creating the uncritical mood required to sell goods , many of which are marginal at best to human needs ’ ( bagdikian , 1989 , p.819 ) .

Global use of data flows — particularly through transnational corporations — is thus likely to have an impact on the synchronization of techniques ( e.g .
global use of data flows — particularly through transnational corporations — is thus likely to have an impact on the synchronization of [ways] ( e.g .

The presence of transnational corporations in the manufacturing sectors of developing countries facilitates the transmission of their ‘ business culture , ’ their management concepts and operational techniques , to Third World partners and to local entrepreneurs … Their sales campaigns have resulted , for example , in increasing consumption of white bread , confections and soft drinks among the poorest people in the world by convincing people that status , convenience , and sweet taste are more important than nutrition . ( Jefkins and Ugboajah , 1986 , pp.170–1 )
the presence of transnational corporations in the manufacturing sectors of developing countries facilitates the transmission of their ‘ business culture , ’ their management concepts and operational [ways] , to third world partners and to local entrepreneurs … their sales campaigns have resulted , for example , in increasing consumption of white bread , confections and soft drinks among the poorest people in the world by convincing people that status , convenience , and sweet taste are more important than nutrition . ( jefkins and ugboajah , 1986 , pp.170–1 )

As shown above , direct comparison between the different types of investigation used is not possible and ony immunohistochemical techniques provide direct demonstration that the tumour cells do indeed contain xenobiotic metabolising enzymes .
as shown above , direct comparison between the different types of investigation used is not possible and ony immunohistochemical [ways] provide direct demonstration that the tumour cells do indeed contain xenobiotic metabolising enzymes .

The assessment of patients with inflammatory bowel disease is often complex , requiring a combination of clinical , laboratory , and endoscopic , radiological , or scanning techniques .
the assessment of patients with inflammatory bowel disease is often complex , requiring a combination of clinical , laboratory , and endoscopic , radiological , or scanning [ways] .

This discrepancy probably results from the different techniques used to measure metabolism .
this discrepancy probably results from the different [ways] used to measure metabolism .

In the earlier studies , characterisation and identification of the mycobacterial isolates relied upon cultural and biochemical techniques .
in the earlier studies , characterisation and identification of the mycobacterial isolates relied upon cultural and biochemical [ways] .

The same instruments and techniques were used for all the measurements .
the same instruments and [ways] were used for all the measurements .

In recent years , there has been a move away from open surgical techniques in biliary disease with an increasing use of therapeutic endoscopy for the extraction of bile duct stones and the stenting of biliary strictures .
in recent years , there has been a move away from open surgical [ways] in biliary disease with an increasing use of therapeutic endoscopy for the extraction of bile duct stones and the stenting of biliary strictures .

Similarly in the past decade , as recently reviewed , several non-invasive and minimally invasive techniques have been pioneered for the management of gall bladder stones .
similarly in the past decade , as recently reviewed , several non-invasive and minimally invasive [ways] have been pioneered for the management of gall bladder stones .

The ability to puncture the gall bladder percutaneously under radiological control has resulted in the development of new diagnostic and therapeutic techniques .
the ability to puncture the gall bladder percutaneously under radiological control has resulted in the development of new diagnostic and therapeutic [ways] .

Not all patients , however , such as the elderly and high risk , are suitable for these new operative techniques .
not all patients , however , such as the elderly and high risk , are suitable for these new operative [ways] .

Patients were assessed in a special gallstone clinic to determine their suitability for the various treatment techniques available in our unit .
patients were assessed in a special gallstone clinic to determine their suitability for the various treatment [ways] available in our unit .

These techniques included percutaneous cholecystolithotomy , extracorporeal shockwave lithotripsy , contact dissolution therapy with methyl tert-butyl ether , minicholecystectomy , and latterly , laparoscopic cholecystectomy ahd percutaneous rotary lithotripsy .
these [ways] included percutaneous cholecystolithotomy , extracorporeal shockwave lithotripsy , contact dissolution therapy with methyl tert-butyl ether , minicholecystectomy , and latterly , laparoscopic cholecystectomy ahd percutaneous rotary lithotripsy .

Selection for these techniques depended on the clinical features including patient fitness , a detailed ultrasound assessment and patient preference .
selection for these [ways] depended on the clinical features including patient fitness , a detailed ultrasound assessment and patient preference .

Although , cholecystectomy is the most effective longterm treatment for gall bladder stones , not all patients are suitable even for the modern techniques of undertaking cholecystectomy , through mini-incisions or laparoscopically , and will continue to require non-operative management of their gall stones .
although , cholecystectomy is the most effective longterm treatment for gall bladder stones , not all patients are suitable even for the modern [ways] of undertaking cholecystectomy , through mini-incisions or laparoscopically , and will continue to require non-operative management of their gall stones .

One of the main advantages of percutaneous cholecystolithotomy over other non-operative techniques is that it can be used for 78 % of patients , with stones of any composition , number and size , and a patent cystic duct is not essential .
one of the main advantages of percutaneous cholecystolithotomy over other non-operative [ways] is that it can be used for 78 % of patients , with stones of any composition , number and size , and a patent cystic duct is not essential .

These completely non-invasive techniques have the advantage of being carried out on an outpatient basis but the treatment may take up to two years .
these completely non-invasive [ways] have the advantage of being carried out on an outpatient basis but the treatment may take up to two years .

Splenocytes were fused with murine myeloma cells ( P3X63/Ag 8.653 ) using standard techniques .
splenocytes were fused with murine myeloma cells ( p3x63/ag 8.653 ) using standard [ways] .

After the experiment , magnetic resonance images were reconstructed by one dimensional Fourier transform and Fourier filtering techniques , including spatial correlation to reduce unwanted noise .
after the experiment , magnetic resonance images were reconstructed by one dimensional fourier transform and fourier filtering [ways] , including spatial correlation to reduce unwanted noise .

An alternative explanation for the more favourable results at endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography is that the type of stricture encountered by the two techniques is different , percutaneous transhepatic cholangiography being preferred when imaging suggests a high stricture and endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography when it is low .
an alternative explanation for the more favourable results at endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography is that the type of stricture encountered by the two [ways] is different , percutaneous transhepatic cholangiography being preferred when imaging suggests a high stricture and endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography when it is low .

Despite the high incidence of recurrent haemorrhage in patients treated by both techniques only four of the 33 deaths in the study occurred as a result of bleeding varices .
despite the high incidence of recurrent haemorrhage in patients treated by both [ways] only four of the 33 deaths in the study occurred as a result of bleeding varices .

Subtraction techniques which are required when measuring enteroglucagon in plasma were not needed .
subtraction [ways] which are required when measuring enteroglucagon in plasma were not needed .

The possible dissemination of tumour by percutaneous fine needle aspiration cytology may result in these becoming the diagnostic techniques of choice .
the possible dissemination of tumour by percutaneous fine needle aspiration cytology may result in these becoming the diagnostic [ways] of choice .

The experience of working with participants from a wide range of international companies , also enables members to develop and expand their portfolio managerial techniques and interpersonal skills .
the experience of working with participants from a wide range of international companies , also enables members to develop and expand their portfolio managerial [ways] and interpersonal skills .

Behind these changes lay both developments in the European economy as a whole , and the English exploitation of new manufacturing techniques , from which particular areas benefited more than others .
behind these changes lay both developments in the european economy as a whole , and the english exploitation of new manufacturing [ways] , from which particular areas benefited more than others .

All meta-analysis techniques gave similar p values for association and homogeneity , except for the 6th month .
all meta-analysis [ways] gave similar p values for association and homogeneity , except for the 6th month .

At 3 , 9 , 12 , and 18 months there is no difference within the control group ( for association , p > 0.05 ) ; at 6 months the association is low ( p < 0.05 ) with the usual techniques ( Cochran 's method , logarithm of odds ratio ) .
at 3 , 9 , 12 , and 18 months there is no difference within the control group ( for association , p > 0.05 ) ; at 6 months the association is low ( p < 0.05 ) with the usual [ways] ( cochran 's method , logarithm of odds ratio ) .

Consider this example : ‘ The censuring [ sic ] of the follow-up period indicated that progression to high grade dyskaryosis would need to be assessed by Kaplan-Meier life table techniques and comparisons made by the log rank test ’ ( the natural history of cervical cancer had been investigated in the west of England in 1981–90 ) .
consider this example : ‘ the censuring [ sic ] of the follow-up period indicated that progression to high grade dyskaryosis would need to be assessed by kaplan-meier life table [ways] and comparisons made by the log rank test ’ ( the natural history of cervical cancer had been investigated in the west of england in 1981–90 ) .

Do we really need Kaplan-Meier and log rank techniques to dismiss chance ( ie , accept that there was a real effect ) as the explanation of the outcome difference ?
do we really need kaplan-meier and log rank [ways] to dismiss chance ( ie , accept that there was a real effect ) as the explanation of the outcome difference ?

Because Lo et al did not use any relative enrichment techniques , it is not known if they analysed one particular type of cell or a combination of types .
because lo et al did not use any relative enrichment [ways] , it is not known if they analysed one particular type of cell or a combination of types .

Complementary medicine is more popular than ever ; meanwhile , the attitude of the medical profession ranges from total rejection to uncritical adoption of its techniques .
complementary medicine is more popular than ever ; meanwhile , the attitude of the medical profession ranges from total rejection to uncritical adoption of its [ways] .

Behavioural techniques
behavioural [ways]

Most treatment programmes include behavioural modification techniques , making the patient 's access to pleasurable activities contingent on weight gain .
most treatment programmes include behavioural modification [ways] , making the patient 's access to pleasurable activities contingent on weight gain .

Insomnia is treated by reassurance that sleep will improve when weight is regained and by behavioural techniques that also reduce anxiety .
insomnia is treated by reassurance that sleep will improve when weight is regained and by behavioural [ways] that also reduce anxiety .

The use of large datasets and sophisticated econometric techniques is impressive but invariably proceeds only in the face of technical difficulties that weaken confidence in the results .
the use of large datasets and sophisticated econometric [ways] is impressive but invariably proceeds only in the face of technical difficulties that weaken confidence in the results .

The system must be capable of automatically handling the organisation and upkeep of large amounts of interrelated information , generated by modern software techniques .
the system must be capable of automatically handling the organisation and upkeep of large amounts of interrelated information , generated by modern software [ways] .

The plight of the poor was ameliorated by the slowing down of population growth during the second half of the seventeenth century and by simultaneous improvements in agricultural production techniques and employment opportunities offered by rural industries .
the plight of the poor was ameliorated by the slowing down of population growth during the second half of the seventeenth century and by simultaneous improvements in agricultural production [ways] and employment opportunities offered by rural industries .

Some archaeological evidence and observations indicate that the stone was already being carved during the late Archaic period , and surveys in the vast quarrying area have also revealed signs of occasional pre-Roman stone-cutting techniques .
some archaeological evidence and observations indicate that the stone was already being carved during the late archaic period , and surveys in the vast quarrying area have also revealed signs of occasional pre-roman stone-cutting [ways] .

Full of excellent computer graphic techniques , and high resolution images of nebulae etc … ( 30 mins approx . )
full of excellent computer graphic [ways] , and high resolution images of nebulae etc … ( 30 mins approx . )

Colloidal particles do not settle and can not be separated from the dispersion medium by ordinary techniques such as filtration and centrifugation .
colloidal particles do not settle and can not be separated from the dispersion medium by ordinary [ways] such as filtration and centrifugation .

It enables candidates to use the media and campaign techniques which are now an essential part of the electoral process in America .
it enables candidates to use the media and campaign [ways] which are now an essential part of the electoral process in america .

The techniques Hitler used were broadly similar to those used in Italy .
the [ways] hitler used were broadly similar to those used in italy .

This view is shared by Kochan , who argues that only a party with a highly disciplined party with techniques of mass organisation could replace the autocratic system that held a fractured empire together ’ .
this view is shared by kochan , who argues that only a party with a highly disciplined party with [ways] of mass organisation could replace the autocratic system that held a fractured empire together ’ .

For each of these techniques , there is slight variation as to how the subject uses each of the adjectives to form a full impression .
for each of these [ways] , there is slight variation as to how the subject uses each of the adjectives to form a full impression .

Secondly , ensuring the disadvantaged and less powerful are not excluded and are given a chance to express views by such methods as public inquiry techniques , workshops , seminars , and local opinion polls .
secondly , ensuring the disadvantaged and less powerful are not excluded and are given a chance to express views by such methods as public inquiry [ways] , workshops , seminars , and local opinion polls .

The creative techniques explored by students when linked to their uninhibited artistic approach is a useful stimulus to our designers assisting the company to keep its leading edge at the forefront of design .
the creative [ways] explored by students when linked to their uninhibited artistic approach is a useful stimulus to our designers assisting the company to keep its leading edge at the forefront of design .

It covered details of the production process from spinning through to fitting techniques , including manufacturing methods , design , testing and quality control , giving a wider perspective to the expertise already gained in their current job role .
it covered details of the production process from spinning through to fitting [ways] , including manufacturing methods , design , testing and quality control , giving a wider perspective to the expertise already gained in their current job role .

Specialised techniques are required to finish the material and to laminate backing substances that greatly increase the comfort factor .
specialised [ways] are required to finish the material and to laminate backing substances that greatly increase the comfort factor .

West Germany , Austria and Japan are also changing to alternative bleaching techniques .
west germany , austria and japan are also changing to alternative bleaching [ways] .

Exchange of information on techniques is as important as knowledge of new instruments or accessories .
exchange of information on [ways] is as important as knowledge of new instruments or accessories .

Research and development into new techniques will continue .
research and development into new [ways] will continue .

Lenders apply a number of standard techniques to the assessment of a project where an established company is the borrower , the lender will study the published accounts
lenders apply a number of standard [ways] to the assessment of a project where an established company is the borrower , the lender will study the published accounts

Detailed appraisal techniques are used to examine the overall financial viability of the project against predetermined investment criteria ( such as a post-tax discounted cash-flow return of 15 % , explained in the following section ) and objectives previously set ; and to test the sensitivity of the project against changes in key variables ( such as revenue , capital cost , interest rates , and time period ) .
detailed appraisal [ways] are used to examine the overall financial viability of the project against predetermined investment criteria ( such as a post-tax discounted cash-flow return of 15 % , explained in the following section ) and objectives previously set ; and to test the sensitivity of the project against changes in key variables ( such as revenue , capital cost , interest rates , and time period ) .

The specification of untried or new technology , equipment or techniques has risks and the contractor has to make allowances for any exceptional remedial works which may be necessary .
the specification of untried or new technology , equipment or [ways] has risks and the contractor has to make allowances for any exceptional remedial works which may be necessary .

Historically , increases in yield or improvements in specific traits have been achieved by classical breeding techniques involving crossing , back-crossing and selection .
historically , increases in yield or improvements in specific traits have been achieved by classical breeding [ways] involving crossing , back-crossing and selection .

Such techniques can greatly accelerate the development and propagation of new and uniform strains and varieties of plant .
such [ways] can greatly accelerate the development and propagation of new and uniform strains and varieties of plant .

Tissue culture techniques provide excellent opportunities for cloning — the production of large numbers of organisms of identical genetic constitution — and for the rapid reproduction and multiplication of new strains resulting from genetic engineering .
tissue culture [ways] provide excellent opportunities for cloning — the production of large numbers of organisms of identical genetic constitution — and for the rapid reproduction and multiplication of new strains resulting from genetic engineering .

In plant production there appears to be little concern over the techniques involved in breeding new varieties , except possibly in relation to breeding for herbicide resistance .
in plant production there appears to be little concern over the [ways] involved in breeding new varieties , except possibly in relation to breeding for herbicide resistance .

Two important international conferences in 1988 , which reviewed the progress of techniques and controls , reached the same conclusion .
two important international conferences in 1988 , which reviewed the progress of [ways] and controls , reached the same conclusion .

As production techniques improve , brewers and winemakers are able to produce reduced alcohol drinks that retain their original flavours .
as production [ways] improve , brewers and winemakers are able to produce reduced alcohol drinks that retain their original flavours .

Techniques such as guided fantasy reveal the teacher 's presuppositions which are not discussed , and these are put across in a way which can have a particularly binding effect upon the recipients .
[ways] such as guided fantasy reveal the teacher 's presuppositions which are not discussed , and these are put across in a way which can have a particularly binding effect upon the recipients .

As with all techniques , it 's important to be clear about why one is using it .
as with all [ways] , it 's important to be clear about why one is using it .

Occasionally , the teacher will make use of Forum Theatre techniques ; and there will certainly be times when a small group of children will be working in front of the class in a spontaneous improvisation .
occasionally , the teacher will make use of forum theatre [ways] ; and there will certainly be times when a small group of children will be working in front of the class in a spontaneous improvisation .

The techniques and strategies used in the drama work included : small group work — in and out of role forum theatre still images simple mime writing in role whole group work .
the [ways] and strategies used in the drama work included : small group work — in and out of role forum theatre still images simple mime writing in role whole group work .

Using the techniques of forum theatre , the class try to persuade the old man to sell his house and land .
using the [ways] of forum theatre , the class try to persuade the old man to sell his house and land .

Most of the ideas , techniques and strategies described in Part Two hold good for working with young children , but it is worth devoting time to a specific discussion of how one might adapt the work on still image and forum theatre for use with this age group , as they are sometimes thought to be strategies that can only be successfully used with older children .
most of the ideas , [ways] and strategies described in part two hold good for working with young children , but it is worth devoting time to a specific discussion of how one might adapt the work on still image and forum theatre for use with this age group , as they are sometimes thought to be strategies that can only be successfully used with older children .

Different techniques are used depending on whether there is a shortage in the money market or a surplus .
different [ways] are used depending on whether there is a shortage in the money market or a surplus .

The Bank of England uses three principal techniques to relieve money market shortages : outright purchases of bills from the discount houses ; purchases of bills with associated resale agreements ; and lending to the market .
the bank of england uses three principal [ways] to relieve money market shortages : outright purchases of bills from the discount houses ; purchases of bills with associated resale agreements ; and lending to the market .

The techniques are discussed below .
the [ways] are discussed below .

During the course of the day the Bank 's objective will be to provide enough assistance to the money market ( through outright bill operations and the other techniques discussed below ) to relieve the overall expected shortage , but purchases of bills by the Bank at the early rounds of assistance during the course of the day might only account for a small proportion of the overall assistance provided , for four main reasons .
during the course of the day the bank 's objective will be to provide enough assistance to the money market ( through outright bill operations and the other [ways] discussed below ) to relieve the overall expected shortage , but purchases of bills by the bank at the early rounds of assistance during the course of the day might only account for a small proportion of the overall assistance provided , for four main reasons .

Traditional propaganda techniques centred on the newspaper press were used on an unprecedented scale : by 1917 four chateaux were being used as hotels for journalists and influential visitors to the front in northern France .
traditional propaganda [ways] centred on the newspaper press were used on an unprecedented scale : by 1917 four chateaux were being used as hotels for journalists and influential visitors to the front in northern france .

As in Britain and France , new methods and techniques were exploited with effect : Germany used films and the cinema as part of her war effort earlier than Britain .
as in britain and france , new methods and [ways] were exploited with effect : germany used films and the cinema as part of her war effort earlier than britain .

It is true that , at a certain level , novelists and social anthropologists are engaged in the same kind of enterprise , but the techniques are different and , in general , they should not be mixed up .
it is true that , at a certain level , novelists and social anthropologists are engaged in the same kind of enterprise , but the [ways] are different and , in general , they should not be mixed up .

In essence we aim to provide a personal service of the highest standard by combining advanced techniques and specialist knowledge .
in essence we aim to provide a personal service of the highest standard by combining advanced [ways] and specialist knowledge .

Hence , corporate advisory services such as deal management and similar work are capable of being promoted using cold calling techniques in addition to using other permitted methods .
hence , corporate advisory services such as deal management and similar work are capable of being promoted using cold calling [ways] in addition to using other permitted methods .

The various techniques described and proforma letters set out in section 11 are intended to provide a helpful aid to the smooth running of the sale rather than to prescribe standard procedures and formats .
the various [ways] described and proforma letters set out in section 11 are intended to provide a helpful aid to the smooth running of the sale rather than to prescribe standard procedures and formats .

The study puts both the Great Famine and the potato in the Irish diet into perspective whilst attempting a nutritional analysis of diet and dietary changes making use of modern nutritional techniques and also the relationship between dietary change and nutritional change and its effects on economic and social conditions .
the study puts both the great famine and the potato in the irish diet into perspective whilst attempting a nutritional analysis of diet and dietary changes making use of modern nutritional [ways] and also the relationship between dietary change and nutritional change and its effects on economic and social conditions .

Historians of the region are fully aware of the importance of using social science techniques in their reconstruction of its past .
historians of the region are fully aware of the importance of using social science [ways] in their reconstruction of its past .

Compiled annually , it is a voluminous source which can now be fully exploited for the first time using computer techniques .
compiled annually , it is a voluminous source which can now be fully exploited for the first time using computer [ways] .

This project aims to provide an historical survey of the attitudes towards new productive techniques exhibited by British businessmen from , approximately , the industrial revolution to the onset of recovery after the Second World War .
this project aims to provide an historical survey of the attitudes towards new productive [ways] exhibited by british businessmen from , approximately , the industrial revolution to the onset of recovery after the second world war .

The present inquiry examines in what ways the attitudes to new techniques were affected by unique circumstances of our pioneer industrial revolution ; tries to assess the extent to which Victorian businessmen and their successors failed to comprehend that a continuous regard for new techniques was a condition of survival in a competitive system ; considers the effects of two World Wars on technical innovation ; and presents the achievements and failures in a broad historical context .
the present inquiry examines in what ways the attitudes to new [ways] were affected by unique circumstances of our pioneer industrial revolution ; tries to assess the extent to which victorian businessmen and their successors failed to comprehend that a continuous regard for new [ways] was a condition of survival in a competitive system ; considers the effects of two world wars on technical innovation ; and presents the achievements and failures in a broad historical context .

The strength of the desire to gain particular techniques is often reflected by the extent to which industrial espionage was resorted to .
the strength of the desire to gain particular [ways] is often reflected by the extent to which industrial espionage was resorted to .

Following this , by employing modern anthropological techniques , the economy of this elusive period can be reconstructed .
following this , by employing modern anthropological [ways] , the economy of this elusive period can be reconstructed .

The second is to identify trends in the demand for agricultural edge-tools , their utilisation , and the effect of improvements in raw materials , design , and manufacturing techniques on working efficiency .
the second is to identify trends in the demand for agricultural edge-tools , their utilisation , and the effect of improvements in raw materials , design , and manufacturing [ways] on working efficiency .

to see how structures uncovered by these techniques compare with research front structures identified by conventional historiographic , sociological and cognitive methods ;
to see how structures uncovered by these [ways] compare with research front structures identified by conventional historiographic , sociological and cognitive methods ;

Although the use of robots has been widely discussed and implemented in large-scale , large volume industries , their use in small manufacturing processes have common characteristics which would seem to lend themselves to the application of robotic techniques .
although the use of robots has been widely discussed and implemented in large-scale , large volume industries , their use in small manufacturing processes have common characteristics which would seem to lend themselves to the application of robotic [ways] .

These studies concentrate on industry 's attempts to mobilise law to further its own perceived interests , and examine situations where industry has advocated non-legal techniques .
these studies concentrate on industry 's attempts to mobilise law to further its own perceived interests , and examine situations where industry has advocated non-legal [ways] .

Comparisons will be made between organisations and over time , analysing the different structures , procedures and techniques for performance management .
comparisons will be made between organisations and over time , analysing the different structures , procedures and [ways] for performance management .

This analysis will use recently developed techniques for measuring the competitiveness of a product amongst a group of similar competing products .
this analysis will use recently developed [ways] for measuring the competitiveness of a product amongst a group of similar competing products .

These techniques can show how the implications of a design improvement will depend on whether the product is already the best , or comparatively mediocre , and can also compare the effects of design and price changes on competitive edge .
these [ways] can show how the implications of a design improvement will depend on whether the product is already the best , or comparatively mediocre , and can also compare the effects of design and price changes on competitive edge .

The relibility of test statistics calculated using various techniques will be examined using computer simulation experiments .
the relibility of test statistics calculated using various [ways] will be examined using computer simulation experiments .

The second aim of the investigation is to analyse the applicability of statistical methods to changing processes and investigate how econometric techniques need to be extended to cope with the more complicated economic relationships created by adjustment and change .
the second aim of the investigation is to analyse the applicability of statistical methods to changing processes and investigate how econometric [ways] need to be extended to cope with the more complicated economic relationships created by adjustment and change .

The ecological survey will attempt to identify the relative conservation value of different pieces of land using standard techniques such as plant species diversity .
the ecological survey will attempt to identify the relative conservation value of different pieces of land using standard [ways] such as plant species diversity .

To advance understanding of macroeconomic behaviour , using a consistent framework derived from economic theory and the best available techniques for estimation and hypothesis testing .
to advance understanding of macroeconomic behaviour , using a consistent framework derived from economic theory and the best available [ways] for estimation and hypothesis testing .

This project will estimate the benefits and costs of wildlife habitats and compare the results using different valuation techniques .
this project will estimate the benefits and costs of wildlife habitats and compare the results using different valuation [ways] .

The focus of analyses is on relative valuations at different points in the life cycle using scaling techniques developed within social psychology .
the focus of analyses is on relative valuations at different points in the life cycle using scaling [ways] developed within social psychology .

The research aims to gather enough empirical information about the development of a number of technologies to be able to apply quantitative techniques to identify elementary trends in the evolution of technologies ( for example the substitution of one technology by another one , processes of specialization , the appearance of completely new technologies etc ) .
the research aims to gather enough empirical information about the development of a number of technologies to be able to apply quantitative [ways] to identify elementary trends in the evolution of technologies ( for example the substitution of one technology by another one , processes of specialization , the appearance of completely new technologies etc ) .

Several multivariate analysis techniques will be used to elaborate the data for these purposes .
several multivariate analysis [ways] will be used to elaborate the data for these purposes .

If successful , such techniques could be applied across many countries rather than those few which possess occupational data .
if successful , such [ways] could be applied across many countries rather than those few which possess occupational data .

The methods necessary for the above problems invariably require computational techniques implemented on powerful computers .
the methods necessary for the above problems invariably require computational [ways] implemented on powerful computers .

It has also been employed , in conjunction with other research techniques such as the follow up interview , in the identification of survey questions which are problematic for either the interviewer or the respondent .
it has also been employed , in conjunction with other research [ways] such as the follow up interview , in the identification of survey questions which are problematic for either the interviewer or the respondent .

It seeks to bring both economic theory and empirical techniques to bear on questions critical to the design of policy .
it seeks to bring both economic theory and empirical [ways] to bear on questions critical to the design of policy .

The sessions will include all the usual techniques like running with the ball , passing , defending , shooting and more .
the sessions will include all the usual [ways] like running with the ball , passing , defending , shooting and more .

The day started off with a breathing techniques class to help relieve the stress of everyday life and was followed by a Yoga class .
the day started off with a breathing [ways] class to help relieve the stress of everyday life and was followed by a yoga class .

This project will analyse multiple victimisation using statistical modelling techniques .
this project will analyse multiple victimisation using statistical modelling [ways] .

the extension of computer-based techniques to reveal the acoustic abnormalities of postlingual deaf speech ;
the extension of computer-based [ways] to reveal the acoustic abnormalities of postlingual deaf speech ;

the use of more sophisticated techniques to assess what listeners make of the speech .
the use of more sophisticated [ways] to assess what listeners make of the speech .

This project will try to develop ways of doing automatic semantic tagging using techniques of the same general kind as those used for part-of-speech tagging .
this project will try to develop ways of doing automatic semantic tagging using [ways] of the same general kind as those used for part-of-speech tagging .

In the last decade there have been dramatic developments in the treatment of infertility and artificial reproductive techniques .
in the last decade there have been dramatic developments in the treatment of infertility and artificial reproductive [ways] .

Paralleling this has been increasing acceptance of artificial insemination by donor although little is known of how the private citizen and the community at large view this , in vitro fertilisation and other similar medical techniques .
paralleling this has been increasing acceptance of artificial insemination by donor although little is known of how the private citizen and the community at large view this , in vitro fertilisation and other similar medical [ways] .

By asking those who have experienced donor insemination and other assisted reproductive techniques , this study throws light on the ethical , social and personal dilemmas of these procedures .
by asking those who have experienced donor insemination and other assisted reproductive [ways] , this study throws light on the ethical , social and personal dilemmas of these procedures .

Information has been collected from retailers , clothing firms of all sizes and from workers throughout the industry by mail , personal interview and observational techniques .
information has been collected from retailers , clothing firms of all sizes and from workers throughout the industry by mail , personal interview and observational [ways] .

It examines the relationship between fertility histories and household labour availability , and the consequences for labour intensive techniques of environmental management .
it examines the relationship between fertility histories and household labour availability , and the consequences for labour intensive [ways] of environmental management .

Using techniques such as discriminant analysis and cluster analysis , a model is being developed which represents the occupational structure for women .
using [ways] such as discriminant analysis and cluster analysis , a model is being developed which represents the occupational structure for women .

There will be meetings in 1986 in Beijing and in Cambridge , whilst in 1987 it is hoped that a national conference attended by the Rank Xerox Unit will introduce the whole of China to the techniques and analysis .
there will be meetings in 1986 in beijing and in cambridge , whilst in 1987 it is hoped that a national conference attended by the rank xerox unit will introduce the whole of china to the [ways] and analysis .

In so doing it aims to uncover and examine the limited range of techniques used to close a topic .
in so doing it aims to uncover and examine the limited range of [ways] used to close a topic .

It will then combine the resulting findings to examine how in using the various techniques the interaction can be directed into one of the options instead of the other .
it will then combine the resulting findings to examine how in using the various [ways] the interaction can be directed into one of the options instead of the other .

The project explores how recent changes at the two firms — including widespread job losses and the introduction of new Japanese-style management techniques — have affected the local community . Also whether the particular character of that community affected the ways in which job losses and new management styles have been implemented ? Other questions are raised such as : what are the implications of recent changes for government planning strategies ? Are patterns of political loyalty changing in Southwest Birmingham ? How are relations within the family being affected ?
the project explores how recent changes at the two firms — including widespread job losses and the introduction of new japanese-style management [ways] — have affected the local community . also whether the particular character of that community affected the ways in which job losses and new management styles have been implemented ? other questions are raised such as : what are the implications of recent changes for government planning strategies ? are patterns of political loyalty changing in southwest birmingham ? how are relations within the family being affected ?

And it will isolate the more effective techniques that parents have at their disposal for communicating with their children .
and it will isolate the more effective [ways] that parents have at their disposal for communicating with their children .

Enquiry will focus on the social processes by which such a community , whose original members will have selected themselves , carves itself from the mainstream society , establishing demographic stability and a cultural identity . Preliminary comparisons with ‘ peaceful societies ’ elsewhere in the world suggest that specific attention should be paid here to social techniques relating to
enquiry will focus on the social processes by which such a community , whose original members will have selected themselves , carves itself from the mainstream society , establishing demographic stability and a cultural identity . preliminary comparisons with ‘ peaceful societies ’ elsewhere in the world suggest that specific attention should be paid here to social [ways] relating to

Due to the sensitive nature of the subject , predominantly qualitative research techniques will be employed .
due to the sensitive nature of the subject , predominantly qualitative research [ways] will be employed .

Empirical work , using a combination of anthropological fieldwork and survey techniques investigates the effects of the schemes on rural production and incomes and on inter and intra-familial patterns of inequality .
empirical work , using a combination of anthropological fieldwork and survey [ways] investigates the effects of the schemes on rural production and incomes and on inter and intra-familial patterns of inequality .

Both fieldwork and survey techniques will be employed to investigate entrepreneurial strategies , the emergence of immigrant ‘ enclave economies ’ , and the creation of an immigrant ‘ culture of entrepreneurship ’ .
both fieldwork and survey [ways] will be employed to investigate entrepreneurial strategies , the emergence of immigrant ‘ enclave economies ’ , and the creation of an immigrant ‘ culture of entrepreneurship ’ .

This study is designed to provide a means of testing , refining , and developing theories about football hooliganism on the basis of empirical data that are being collected by the techniques of social anthropology .
this study is designed to provide a means of testing , refining , and developing theories about football hooliganism on the basis of empirical data that are being collected by the [ways] of social anthropology .

Using techniques developed during an earlier study of British Hindu children , an ethnographic study of children and young people from Christian , Muslim , Jewish and Sikh backgrounds in the context of their families and faith communities will be conducted in parts of the West Midlands .
using [ways] developed during an earlier study of british hindu children , an ethnographic study of children and young people from christian , muslim , jewish and sikh backgrounds in the context of their families and faith communities will be conducted in parts of the west midlands .

These means will be derived from social anthropology and ethnography , guiding students ' observations and experience of the foreign culture and providing techniques for the production of projects during their period abroad .
these means will be derived from social anthropology and ethnography , guiding students ' observations and experience of the foreign culture and providing [ways] for the production of projects during their period abroad .

The project is therefore also an exercise in the development of teaching techniques and curriculum change .
the project is therefore also an exercise in the development of teaching [ways] and curriculum change .

This project aims to develop a framework with which a set of techniques for systematically assessing quality in Higher Education can be tested .
this project aims to develop a framework with which a set of [ways] for systematically assessing quality in higher education can be tested .

It employs structured health behaviour questionnaires and informal , in-depth interview techniques to discover if there are regional variations in how people see health and illness , if these views affect the ways in which people need health care , and if these perceived needs are in turn related to the actual demand for and use of health care facilities .
it employs structured health behaviour questionnaires and informal , in-depth interview [ways] to discover if there are regional variations in how people see health and illness , if these views affect the ways in which people need health care , and if these perceived needs are in turn related to the actual demand for and use of health care facilities .

Particular attention is paid to the methodological problems of identifying and linking long distance migrants over time in origin and destination areas and the project appraises the use of computer linkage techniques in historical research .
particular attention is paid to the methodological problems of identifying and linking long distance migrants over time in origin and destination areas and the project appraises the use of computer linkage [ways] in historical research .

On the supply side it is proposed to analyse four major character-istics of the firm : the quality of the main types of factors of production used with a particular emphasis upon managerial staff and skilled personnel ; the costs of production of specific products and the techniques of manufacturing ; managerial strategies and functions ; and the financial strategy of the firm .
on the supply side it is proposed to analyse four major character-istics of the firm : the quality of the main types of factors of production used with a particular emphasis upon managerial staff and skilled personnel ; the costs of production of specific products and the [ways] of manufacturing ; managerial strategies and functions ; and the financial strategy of the firm .

The presence locally of major electronics assembly plants using modern methods of management and ‘ just-in-time ’ techniques may , for instance , present important market opportunities for local companies .
the presence locally of major electronics assembly plants using modern methods of management and ‘ just-in-time ’ [ways] may , for instance , present important market opportunities for local companies .

Priority assessment techniques for local transport improvement projects
priority assessment [ways] for local transport improvement projects

It is envisaged that the educational use of futures tools and techniques will require new , interactive , forms of software .
it is envisaged that the educational use of futures tools and [ways] will require new , interactive , forms of software .

Informed by critiques of the insufficiency of both the concept of ‘ the political ’ and hence , the orthodox measures by which political activities are estimated , the investigators have devised research techniques that enable them to explore the multi-faceted nature of political participation .
informed by critiques of the insufficiency of both the concept of ‘ the political ’ and hence , the orthodox measures by which political activities are estimated , the investigators have devised research [ways] that enable them to explore the multi-faceted nature of political participation .

In describing laboratory methods he offers a clear account of the underlying scientific principles and practical techniques , followed by relevant material from case histories and objective assessment of advantages , limitations and future possibilities .
in describing laboratory methods he offers a clear account of the underlying scientific principles and practical [ways] , followed by relevant material from case histories and objective assessment of advantages , limitations and future possibilities .

The chapters on alcohol and the driver , toxicology and drug identification and fires and explosions are outstandingly good , but other chapters on contact traces , offences against property , personal identification , firearms , documents , chemical methods and biological techniques are also excellently done .
the chapters on alcohol and the driver , toxicology and drug identification and fires and explosions are outstandingly good , but other chapters on contact traces , offences against property , personal identification , firearms , documents , chemical methods and biological [ways] are also excellently done .

On the other hand , if ‘ rent reserved ’ has a more specific and discriminatory meaning it is not a phrase which instantly yields up that meaning to a Scots lawyer , untrained in the techniques of English conveyancing .
on the other hand , if ‘ rent reserved ’ has a more specific and discriminatory meaning it is not a phrase which instantly yields up that meaning to a scots lawyer , untrained in the [ways] of english conveyancing .

Techniques used to manage the information contained in this resource include manual catalogues and indexes , and a manual loan and circulation system .
[ways] used to manage the information contained in this resource include manual catalogues and indexes , and a manual loan and circulation system .

Statistical techniques form the basis of rule-based information systems ( ‘ expert ’ systems , or ‘ knowledge-based ’ systems ) .
statistical [ways] form the basis of rule-based information systems ( ‘ expert ’ systems , or ‘ knowledge-based ’ systems ) .

We have considered the potential impact of information technology on our laboratory work — primarily on the microscopical and chemical techniques in current use .
we have considered the potential impact of information technology on our laboratory work — primarily on the microscopical and chemical [ways] in current use .

Digital systems are capable of almost infinite manipulation — cleaning , artefact removal by editing , edge enhancement , zoom , cut and paste , colour transformation and so on , but make heavy demands on storage , even with sophisticated data compression techniques .
digital systems are capable of almost infinite manipulation — cleaning , artefact removal by editing , edge enhancement , zoom , cut and paste , colour transformation and so on , but make heavy demands on storage , even with sophisticated data compression [ways] .

Computing needs to be built in as an integral part of the Horticultural Training programme , so that future students will leave having acquired skills in handling word-processing , database , spreadsheet and design programs for correspondence , reports , record management , financial planning , and graphic techniques .
computing needs to be built in as an integral part of the horticultural training programme , so that future students will leave having acquired skills in handling word-processing , database , spreadsheet and design programs for correspondence , reports , record management , financial planning , and graphic [ways] .

This will require networking to make the physical connections , plus additional training in advanced word processing techniques .
this will require networking to make the physical connections , plus additional training in advanced word processing [ways] .

Photography requiring special lighting techniques .
photography requiring special lighting [ways] .

47 — Modern techniques .
47 — modern [ways] .

Management techniques can be applied to any of these processes , to serve the overall needs of the organization .
management [ways] can be applied to any of these processes , to serve the overall needs of the organization .

Menard 's study made use of several bibliometric techniques pioneered by Price , published as a collection in his 1983 book .
menard 's study made use of several bibliometric [ways] pioneered by price , published as a collection in his 1983 book .

Criticism by many research workers has led to the development of ancillary measures , involving more sophisticated techniques .
criticism by many research workers has led to the development of ancillary measures , involving more sophisticated [ways] .

This author 's subsequent papers made no mention of Scotland , but made use of techniques developed during the course of his fieldwork .
this author 's subsequent papers made no mention of scotland , but made use of [ways] developed during the course of his fieldwork .

There are two important techniques for improving the damping , using either mechanical or electrical methods , and these are discussed in the following sections .
there are two important [ways] for improving the damping , using either mechanical or electrical methods , and these are discussed in the following sections .

If the maximum operating speed of the system is to approach the pull-out rate then between 20 and 50 delays might be required and the techniques would not be cost-effective .
if the maximum operating speed of the system is to approach the pull-out rate then between 20 and 50 delays might be required and the [ways] would not be cost-effective .

multiplication techniques to synthesise additional position signals from a one-pulse.per.step signal .
multiplication [ways] to synthesise additional position signals from a one-pulse.per.step signal .

7.4 Alternative position detection techniques : waveform detection
7.4 alternative position detection [ways] : waveform detection

The optimum velocity profile can be found from the pull-out torque/speed characteristics of the motor and load , using the analytical techniques described in Chapter 6 .
the optimum velocity profile can be found from the pull-out torque/speed characteristics of the motor and load , using the analytical [ways] described in chapter 6 .

Since the task of benchmarking one job against another is essentially based on statistical and mathematical techniques , the process of job evaluation could soon be carried out using a microcomputer at a fraction of the cost of the time-honoured method .
since the task of benchmarking one job against another is essentially based on statistical and mathematical [ways] , the process of job evaluation could soon be carried out using a microcomputer at a fraction of the cost of the time-honoured method .

It seeks to explore the further development of such techniques in the Industrial Relations field and suggests some guidelines to be borne in mind when considering a potential application .
it seeks to explore the further development of such [ways] in the industrial relations field and suggests some guidelines to be borne in mind when considering a potential application .

To this end , some remarks are included on the practical problem of gaining acceptance by management of the use of such techniques in a field still sometimes regarded as one where judgement alone is relevant .
to this end , some remarks are included on the practical problem of gaining acceptance by management of the use of such [ways] in a field still sometimes regarded as one where judgement alone is relevant .

Balancing the dissemination of personnel skills and techniques will be the need for personnel professionals to develop a more detailed awareness of the needs , activities and challenges facing all parts of the organisation .
balancing the dissemination of personnel skills and [ways] will be the need for personnel professionals to develop a more detailed awareness of the needs , activities and challenges facing all parts of the organisation .

Much of our knowledge about the domestic and workshop accommodation has been derived from aerial survey , supplemented in recent years by larger area excavations and improved recovery techniques .
much of our knowledge about the domestic and workshop accommodation has been derived from aerial survey , supplemented in recent years by larger area excavations and improved recovery [ways] .

real opportunity cost ) terms , but since 1976 management techniques have increasingly been based on cash , i.e .
real opportunity cost ) terms , but since 1976 management [ways] have increasingly been based on cash , i.e .

National training in basic interviewing skills to be given to all police officers — this recognises the central role that confessions play in the police investigative strategy and the need to train officers out of the use of the ‘ persuasive techniques ’ , witnessed by the Commission 's researchers , which run the risk of producing unreliable evidence , in favour of a more open minded and even handed approach .
national training in basic interviewing skills to be given to all police officers — this recognises the central role that confessions play in the police investigative strategy and the need to train officers out of the use of the ‘ persuasive [ways] ’ , witnessed by the commission 's researchers , which run the risk of producing unreliable evidence , in favour of a more open minded and even handed approach .

The Minister was interested in the exploitation of our work on advanced batteries and was also shown laser techniques for keyhole surgery and our licensed laser technology for the removal of ‘ port-wine ’ birth marks .
the minister was interested in the exploitation of our work on advanced batteries and was also shown laser [ways] for keyhole surgery and our licensed laser technology for the removal of ‘ port-wine ’ birth marks .

The Field Developer 's Manual was published in response to the growing need for both technical and economic information on the application of novel offshore production techniques .
the field developer 's manual was published in response to the growing need for both technical and economic information on the application of novel offshore production [ways] .

Shareware is the most modern of all marketing techniques used in the computer industry today .
shareware is the most modern of all marketing [ways] used in the computer industry today .

This tutorial disk teaches Communication Skills , Interviewing Techniques , Decision Making , Time Management , Employee Evaluation and Motivation and other skills .
this tutorial disk teaches communication skills , interviewing [ways] , decision making , time management , employee evaluation and motivation and other skills .

The menu driven interface provides access to the following statistical modelling techniques : Cross-tabulation , nominal & ordinal statistics , inter-raters and host of breakdown analysis techniques .
the menu driven interface provides access to the following statistical modelling [ways] : cross-tabulation , nominal & ordinal statistics , inter-raters and host of breakdown analysis [ways] .

There are plenty to choose from , some of which are very clever , and would be exceedingly difficult to reproduce using traditional techniques .
there are plenty to choose from , some of which are very clever , and would be exceedingly difficult to reproduce using traditional [ways] .

Word-processors become more complex ( and expensive ) and yet many of the basic techniques are rarely used .
word-processors become more complex ( and expensive ) and yet many of the basic [ways] are rarely used .

Keyboard Techniques
keyboard [ways]

Because Windows applications share common operational techniques , you can move easily between applications without having to learn a different set of commands for each .
because windows applications share common operational [ways] , you can move easily between applications without having to learn a different set of commands for each .

Many of the basic Windows techniques are taken for granted in the rush to produce better and better Windows applications — assuming that everyone understands Windows inside out .
many of the basic windows [ways] are taken for granted in the rush to produce better and better windows applications — assuming that everyone understands windows inside out .

All techniques on these pages refer to both Windows 3.0 and Windows 3.1 .
all [ways] on these pages refer to both windows 3.0 and windows 3.1 .

The techniques are not only common to all Windows operation , but also apply to the majority of Windows applications .
the [ways] are not only common to all windows operation , but also apply to the majority of windows applications .

Also , the software itself does very little toward teaching the user Mind Mapping techniques .
also , the software itself does very little toward teaching the user mind mapping [ways] .

Also , the software itself does very little toward teaching the user Mind Mapping techniques .
also , the software itself does very little toward teaching the user mind mapping [ways] .

Shareware is the most modern of all marketing techniques used in the computer industry today .
shareware is the most modern of all marketing [ways] used in the computer industry today .

This tutorial disk teaches Communication Skills , Interviewing Techniques , Decision Making , Time Management , Employee Evaluation and Motivation and other skills .
this tutorial disk teaches communication skills , interviewing [ways] , decision making , time management , employee evaluation and motivation and other skills .

The lower levels are initial introductions to the skills required , each cleverly put together so that you must learn the relevant block-shifting and matching techniques .
the lower levels are initial introductions to the skills required , each cleverly put together so that you must learn the relevant block-shifting and matching [ways] .

Business projects include such events as trade exhibitions , interviewing techniques for school pupils , school/industry liaison conference and an architectural design competition .
business projects include such events as trade exhibitions , interviewing [ways] for school pupils , school/industry liaison conference and an architectural design competition .

To do that he 's devised a series of weird and wonderful training techniques .
to do that he 's devised a series of weird and wonderful training [ways] .

to develop innovative servicing techniques and proprietary products ;
to develop innovative servicing [ways] and proprietary products ;

We have introduced automated welding techniques into the workshop which should show real benefits when the company secures larger volumes of work .
we have introduced automated welding [ways] into the workshop which should show real benefits when the company secures larger volumes of work .

‘ We have been pioneers in many areas including computational fluid dynamics in furnace design , research into compact heat exchangers , the exploitation of laser techniques in detailed flow measurement , and integrating advanced thermal design software with process simulators , ’ continues Dave Butterworth .
‘ we have been pioneers in many areas including computational fluid dynamics in furnace design , research into compact heat exchangers , the exploitation of laser [ways] in detailed flow measurement , and integrating advanced thermal design software with process simulators , ’ continues dave butterworth .

It uses the latest analytical , process and biotechnology techniques and facilities to help users and suppliers of membrane services select , integrate and optimise their separation/purification/concentration techniques .
it uses the latest analytical , process and biotechnology [ways] and facilities to help users and suppliers of membrane services select , integrate and optimise their separation/purification/concentration [ways] .

They carried out a survey monitoring our telephone techniques and spent some time listening to how we answered our phones .
they carried out a survey monitoring our telephone [ways] and spent some time listening to how we answered our phones .

Using modern forensic science techniques on original evidence , the West Midlands force have been forced to rethink their view of events .
using modern forensic science [ways] on original evidence , the west midlands force have been forced to rethink their view of events .

But , as numerous critics have pointed out , that a sitter is , or was once , present in front of the camera , tells us little about the shooting situation , the relationship between sitter and photographer , the equipment and techniques used .
but , as numerous critics have pointed out , that a sitter is , or was once , present in front of the camera , tells us little about the shooting situation , the relationship between sitter and photographer , the equipment and [ways] used .

He had espoused , it seemed to Theodora , the very best in High Church practices , advocating the traditional techniques of the spiritual life as a means of keeping sane .
he had espoused , it seemed to theodora , the very best in high church practices , advocating the traditional [ways] of the spiritual life as a means of keeping sane .

Brian Elsworth , of Belmont Press , will compare conventional reproduction techniques with the new technology available , taking delegates through the reprographic stages of house journals and looking at ways of saving money .
brian elsworth , of belmont press , will compare conventional reproduction [ways] with the new technology available , taking delegates through the reprographic stages of house journals and looking at ways of saving money .

The audience was left spellbound by the skills and techniques shown .
the audience was left spellbound by the skills and [ways] shown .

Members will have noted a familiar name among the authors above , which engenders confidence in the presumption of correct and thorough irrigation techniques and thereby an accurately sectioned subject .
members will have noted a familiar name among the authors above , which engenders confidence in the presumption of correct and thorough irrigation [ways] and thereby an accurately sectioned subject .

The administering of specialised intravenous solutions then forms the next phase of the procedure , where similarity to embalming techniques is most pronounced .
the administering of specialised intravenous solutions then forms the next phase of the procedure , where similarity to embalming [ways] is most pronounced .

But even if you would rather not know , in the next century you have at least a chance of benefiting from some of the advances the team are suggesting in surgical techniques .
but even if you would rather not know , in the next century you have at least a chance of benefiting from some of the advances the team are suggesting in surgical [ways] .

It has relied on the basic techniques of literature searching , interviews with individuals and organisations and an examination of key industry forecasts , reviews and analysis .
it has relied on the basic [ways] of literature searching , interviews with individuals and organisations and an examination of key industry forecasts , reviews and analysis .

In addition to such new network technology , there are also techniques of solving band width problems by compressing data before transferring it and decompressing it afterwards so that it can be displayed in its entirety for the information user .
in addition to such new network technology , there are also [ways] of solving band width problems by compressing data before transferring it and decompressing it afterwards so that it can be displayed in its entirety for the information user .

Data compression techniques are not special to multimedia .
data compression [ways] are not special to multimedia .

Although this analysis is not strictly accurate — there is always a compression/decompression overhead of about 5 per cent — the benefits and potential cost savings are substantial and compression techniques have been a major field of development from the time of the very earliest digital databases .
although this analysis is not strictly accurate — there is always a compression/decompression overhead of about 5 per cent — the benefits and potential cost savings are substantial and compression [ways] have been a major field of development from the time of the very earliest digital databases .

Practical compression techniques try to cut the data with the minimum effect on quality .
practical compression [ways] try to cut the data with the minimum effect on quality .

So long as the techniques that determine both how software is used and how it is made are only in the hands of technical experts , computer systems will never find the universal application which is certainly within their grasp .
so long as the [ways] that determine both how software is used and how it is made are only in the hands of technical experts , computer systems will never find the universal application which is certainly within their grasp .

As compression techniques improve and storage becomes greater , we can expect to see more and more disc based products which combine , in consumer entertainment , education , training and even in business communications , digital sound , data , graphics and moving pictures to create genuinely multimedia information products .
as compression [ways] improve and storage becomes greater , we can expect to see more and more disc based products which combine , in consumer entertainment , education , training and even in business communications , digital sound , data , graphics and moving pictures to create genuinely multimedia information products .

For both techniques , it is useful to dissolve the polymer initially in a poor solvent with a large χ 1 value .
for both [ways] , it is useful to dissolve the polymer initially in a poor solvent with a large χ 1 value .

In each of the techniques , the mass and molar mass of the fractions are recorded and a distribution curve for the sample can be constructed from the results .
in each of the [ways] , the mass and molar mass of the fractions are recorded and a distribution curve for the sample can be constructed from the results .

The same method can not be used for a polymer and one must resort to comparative techniques .
the same method can not be used for a polymer and one must resort to comparative [ways] .

Because chemical methods are rather limited , the most widely used techniques for measuring the molar mass of a polymer are physical .
because chemical methods are rather limited , the most widely used [ways] for measuring the molar mass of a polymer are physical .

Several variations exist which reduce this time scale such as studying the approach to equilibrium , using short columns , or meniscus depletion techniques can be employed but all are outside the scope of this text .
several variations exist which reduce this time scale such as studying the approach to equilibrium , using short columns , or meniscus depletion [ways] can be employed but all are outside the scope of this text .

and infrared techniques .
and infrared [ways] .

Thus a matrix of ordered regions with disordered interfacial areas is formed , but , unlike materials with small molar masses , the ordered and disordered regions are not discrete entities and can not be separated by differential solution techniques unless the solvent causes selective degradation of the primary bonds in the amorphous regions .
thus a matrix of ordered regions with disordered interfacial areas is formed , but , unlike materials with small molar masses , the ordered and disordered regions are not discrete entities and can not be separated by differential solution [ways] unless the solvent causes selective degradation of the primary bonds in the amorphous regions .

The basic characteristic feature is still the lamellar-like crystallite with amorphous surfaces or interfaces , but the way these are formed may be different based on the careful investigation of melt crystallized polymers using neutron scattering techniques .
the basic characteristic feature is still the lamellar-like crystallite with amorphous surfaces or interfaces , but the way these are formed may be different based on the careful investigation of melt crystallized polymers using neutron scattering [ways] .

The foregoing techniques for measuring mechanical properties are transient or non periodic methods and typically cover time intervals of up to 10 6 s .
the foregoing [ways] for measuring mechanical properties are transient or non periodic methods and typically cover time intervals of up to 10 6 s .

Formally , the dielectric constant can be regarded as the equivalent of the mechanical compliance , rather than the modulus , and this highlights the fact that mechanical techniques measure the ability of the system to resist movement , whereas the dielectric approach is a measurement of the ability of the system to move , given that the groups involved must also be dipolar .
formally , the dielectric constant can be regarded as the equivalent of the mechanical compliance , rather than the modulus , and this highlights the fact that mechanical [ways] measure the ability of the system to resist movement , whereas the dielectric approach is a measurement of the ability of the system to move , given that the groups involved must also be dipolar .

Both techniques respond in a similar fashion to a change in the frequency of the measurement .
both [ways] respond in a similar fashion to a change in the frequency of the measurement .

Both techniques have been used and separately give good straight lines with the same slope , but the fact that the lines do not overlap precisely indicates that the measurements may not be exactly equivalent .
both [ways] have been used and separately give good straight lines with the same slope , but the fact that the lines do not overlap precisely indicates that the measurements may not be exactly equivalent .

The effect of computer mapping techniques on traditional cartography has already been considerable .
the effect of computer mapping [ways] on traditional cartography has already been considerable .

In particular , rather than using manual digitization of the Master Survey Drawing , which involves a skilled operator following each line and noting the position of each feature with a pointer , as described above , the Ordnance Survey is considering the use of raster-based digitizing techniques .
in particular , rather than using manual digitization of the master survey drawing , which involves a skilled operator following each line and noting the position of each feature with a pointer , as described above , the ordnance survey is considering the use of raster-based digitizing [ways] .

Enhancement techniques spread the range of pixel values so that they cover the full dynamic range of the image display system .
enhancement [ways] spread the range of pixel values so that they cover the full dynamic range of the image display system .

Classification techniques such as this have been used to produce thematic maps of land-cover types , of rock types in semi-arid and arid regions and of the extent of urban areas .
classification [ways] such as this have been used to produce thematic maps of land-cover types , of rock types in semi-arid and arid regions and of the extent of urban areas .

The techniques of display , enhancement , filtering and transformation of remotely-sensed images that have been described in this chapter represent only a selection of those available .
the [ways] of display , enhancement , filtering and transformation of remotely-sensed images that have been described in this chapter represent only a selection of those available .

Mather ( 1989 ) gives more details of computer techniques described in this chapter .
mather ( 1989 ) gives more details of computer [ways] described in this chapter .

Secondly , through the use of techniques of Markov chain analysis , the equilibrium state of the system can be established .
secondly , through the use of [ways] of markov chain analysis , the equilibrium state of the system can be established .

In the final sections of this chapter , examples of more complex systems are used , and consideration is given to the role of computer simulation techniques in understanding and predicting their behaviour .
in the final sections of this chapter , examples of more complex systems are used , and consideration is given to the role of computer simulation [ways] in understanding and predicting their behaviour .

The techniques for displaying spatial data have been reviewed in previous chapters .
the [ways] for displaying spatial data have been reviewed in previous chapters .

These techniques can be divided into two kinds : those which produce a permanent paper or photographic ( human-readable ) output and those which generate a temporary display on a television monitor screen .
these [ways] can be divided into two kinds : those which produce a permanent paper or photographic ( human-readable ) output and those which generate a temporary display on a television monitor screen .

Chapters 2 through 16 introduce concepts and techniques found useful in dealing with the questions outlined above and describe some of the relevant aspects of the company functions forming the interfaces .
chapters 2 through 16 introduce concepts and [ways] found useful in dealing with the questions outlined above and describe some of the relevant aspects of the company functions forming the interfaces .

The next chapter will discuss financial techniques used in setting criteria for the selection of project proposals to maximize profitability .
the next chapter will discuss financial [ways] used in setting criteria for the selection of project proposals to maximize profitability .

The effect of analysis techniques on the ranking of investments is shown in Table 4.9 where it can be seen that each method produces a different ranking .
the effect of analysis [ways] on the ranking of investments is shown in table 4.9 where it can be seen that each method produces a different ranking .

Described techniques for assessing probability .
described [ways] for assessing probability .

The planning and monitoring techniques described in this chapter are aimed at aiding the achievement of these conditions .
the planning and monitoring [ways] described in this chapter are aimed at aiding the achievement of these conditions .

One of the earliest resource planning techniques , due to Henry Gantt in 1903 , is illustrated in Figure 6.3 .
one of the earliest resource planning [ways] , due to henry gantt in 1903 , is illustrated in figure 6.3 .

Given examples of the use of bar chart and network planning techniques .
given examples of the use of bar chart and network planning [ways] .

For 1993 , sales are being concentrated on developing the screen print brand using the cotton faced product launched in 1992 and on innovative differential dyeing techniques .
for 1993 , sales are being concentrated on developing the screen print brand using the cotton faced product launched in 1992 and on innovative differential dyeing [ways] .

It gives him a far freer hand than other techniques in the description of long , curving lines , which are , for example , difficult to execute with a stylus on metal .
it gives him a far freer hand than other [ways] in the description of long , curving lines , which are , for example , difficult to execute with a stylus on metal .

At the same time , both Iran and Iraq were developing new techniques .
at the same time , both iran and iraq were developing new [ways] .

The company applies its techniques through workshops or residencies over extended periods of time in hospitals , community centres of special schools .
the company applies its [ways] through workshops or residencies over extended periods of time in hospitals , community centres of special schools .

The French have dramatically changed their approach to dairy farming since the introduction on quotas in 1984 and we were keen to find out more about their farming , feeding and management techniques , and see their research facilities .
the french have dramatically changed their approach to dairy farming since the introduction on quotas in 1984 and we were keen to find out more about their farming , feeding and management [ways] , and see their research facilities .

Over a series of evenings at the end of March and the beginning of April , 13 chief examiners gave Associateship candidates invaluable advice on the techniques which could lead to success in the approaching examinations .
over a series of evenings at the end of march and the beginning of april , 13 chief examiners gave associateship candidates invaluable advice on the [ways] which could lead to success in the approaching examinations .

New Titles — Applied Lending Techniques .
new titles — applied lending [ways] .

Stone , particularly of the Caen neighbourhood , enabled the techniques of masonry to be understood early .
stone , particularly of the caen neighbourhood , enabled the [ways] of masonry to be understood early .

Nevertheless , England was a maritime nation and had enough contact with the Continent , commercially , to acquire new techniques and influences .
nevertheless , england was a maritime nation and had enough contact with the continent , commercially , to acquire new [ways] and influences .

The local techniques can not be totally condemned , however they need to be refined , up-dated and new techniques need to be injected into them .
the local [ways] can not be totally condemned , however they need to be refined , up-dated and new [ways] need to be injected into them .

We will look into the techniques of information gathering and analysis in Section 2.6 .
we will look into the [ways] of information gathering and analysis in section 2.6 .

Section 2.6 looks at some techniques that the analysts might use to analyse the information gathered .
section 2.6 looks at some [ways] that the analysts might use to analyse the information gathered .

In this section we look at some techniques for finding out information about the business and for analysing this information .
in this section we look at some [ways] for finding out information about the business and for analysing this information .

Some techniques could be described as formal and reasoned , and others as creative and informal .
some [ways] could be described as formal and reasoned , and others as creative and informal .

Some of these techniques stimulate the identification and representation of as many views and perspectives on the problem situation as possible .
some of these [ways] stimulate the identification and representation of as many views and perspectives on the problem situation as possible .

Rickards ( 1974 ) discusses a variety of techniques which will enable the problem-solver to view the situation from many perspectives and to widen the horizon of the study :
rickards ( 1974 ) discusses a variety of [ways] which will enable the problem-solver to view the situation from many perspectives and to widen the horizon of the study :

Rich pictures are described fully in Avison & Wood-Harper ( 1990 ) as are associated techniques such as root definitions .
rich pictures are described fully in avison & wood-harper ( 1990 ) as are associated [ways] such as root definitions .

All the techniques discussed in this section can be used to find out more about the organisation and to help determine the area for further work , the area for data analysis , database development and information systems development .
all the [ways] discussed in this section can be used to find out more about the organisation and to help determine the area for further work , the area for data analysis , database development and information systems development .

Inadequate planning will lead to failure — however good the tools and techniques used in the database project .
inadequate planning will lead to failure — however good the tools and [ways] used in the database project .

When applications being developed are an integrated part of a total system , these techniques prove inadequate .
when applications being developed are an integrated part of a total system , these [ways] prove inadequate .

Data analysis techniques were largely developed to cater for the implementation of database systems , although that does not mean that they can not be applied to non-database situations .
data analysis [ways] were largely developed to cater for the implementation of database systems , although that does not mean that they can not be applied to non-database situations .

The methodology represents a significant change in the development of computing systems away from the technology , in particular , hardware and software ( including programming techniques and algorithms ) , and towards data and the way it is structured .
the methodology represents a significant change in the development of computing systems away from the technology , in particular , hardware and software ( including programming [ways] and algorithms ) , and towards data and the way it is structured .

One of the most important techniques of data analysis described in the text is entity modelling .
one of the most important [ways] of data analysis described in the text is entity modelling .

Most data analysis techniques derive their data model is a set of entities which can be represented as relations .
most data analysis [ways] derive their data model is a set of entities which can be represented as relations .

Indeed , many argue that its concepts allow even complex situations to be expressed easily and naturally and that the associated techniques and tools enable the construction of complex software systems for those applications .
indeed , many argue that its concepts allow even complex situations to be expressed easily and naturally and that the associated [ways] and tools enable the construction of complex software systems for those applications .

Participation and prototyping could be used independently in some applications and in others it may be appropriate to use the conventional approach modified by incorporating these tools and techniques .
participation and prototyping could be used independently in some applications and in others it may be appropriate to use the conventional approach modified by incorporating these tools and [ways] .

Similarly , the techniques and tools of structured systems analysis can be incorporated into the conventional approach or can be seen as forming part of an alternative methodology for applications development .
similarly , the [ways] and tools of structured systems analysis can be incorporated into the conventional approach or can be seen as forming part of an alternative methodology for applications development .

However , the essential feature of structured techniques is the breaking down of a complex problem into smaller manageable units in a systematic ( disciplined ) way .
however , the essential feature of structured [ways] is the breaking down of a complex problem into smaller manageable units in a systematic ( disciplined ) way .

The techniques may use a number of pictorial methods for presenting results and these can be understood by users and analysts alike .
the [ways] may use a number of pictorial methods for presenting results and these can be understood by users and analysts alike .

Structured techniques are relevant to systems analysis and design .
structured [ways] are relevant to systems analysis and design .

To some extent these books propagate a series of techniques .
to some extent these books propagate a series of [ways] .

These techniques are a great improvement on more established techniques , such as flowcharting , which typify conventional systems analysis .
these [ways] are a great improvement on more established [ways] , such as flowcharting , which typify conventional systems analysis .

Most of these newer techniques of systems analysis and design have in fact been with us for some time , but were not brought together until the publication of the above texts .
most of these newer [ways] of systems analysis and design have in fact been with us for some time , but were not brought together until the publication of the above texts .

The techniques include data flow diagrams , data structure diagrams , decision trees , decision tables and structured English .
the [ways] include data flow diagrams , data structure diagrams , decision trees , decision tables and structured english .

The improvements on conventional systems analysis resulting from the use of these techniques is gained both from the point of view of understanding the real-world processes that they represent and in communicating the knowledge acquired .
the improvements on conventional systems analysis resulting from the use of these [ways] is gained both from the point of view of understanding the real-world processes that they represent and in communicating the knowledge acquired .

Natural language is ambiguous and long-winded and these techniques are much superior .
natural language is ambiguous and long-winded and these [ways] are much superior .

Structured methodologies use techniques most of which can be followed by analysts and users alike .
structured methodologies use [ways] most of which can be followed by analysts and users alike .

Some regard the techniques as a useful alternative to many techniques of the conventional approach , and which therefore should be incorporated in the conventional approach .
some regard the [ways] as a useful alternative to many [ways] of the conventional approach , and which therefore should be incorporated in the conventional approach .

DeMarco regards these techniques as in the realm of analysis only and considers design to be a separate process where the analyst uses his experience and imagination to ‘ invent ’ a new system .
demarco regards these [ways] as in the realm of analysis only and considers design to be a separate process where the analyst uses his experience and imagination to ‘ invent ’ a new system .

Gane and Sarson suggest that the techniques can be used to specify the system design and help in the implementation process .
gane and sarson suggest that the [ways] can be used to specify the system design and help in the implementation process .

Writers in the structured school also emphasise different techniques , although some techniques are common to all .
writers in the structured school also emphasise different [ways] , although some [ways] are common to all .

‘ The most she might have done ’ Maxim said soothingly ‘ would be to give them training in techniques . She could n't have been supplying Russian weapons typewriter unlisted phone numbers — oh were those two Second Secretaries on the No-go-Alone List ? ’
‘ the most she might have done ’ maxim said soothingly ‘ would be to give them training in [ways] . she could n't have been supplying russian weapons typewriter unlisted phone numbers — oh were those two second secretaries on the no-go-alone list ? ’

The significance of the turnpike system was that , eventually , in the hands of concerned trustees , it could provide the financial means of employing the talents of a generation of road builders who pioneered techniques which remained the basis of road making into the twentieth century . ``
the significance of the turnpike system was that , eventually , in the hands of concerned trustees , it could provide the financial means of employing the talents of a generation of road builders who pioneered [ways] which remained the basis of road making into the twentieth century . ``

There are also a number of excellent books on specialist painting and decorating techniques which will provide you with inspiration as well as practical help .
there are also a number of excellent books on specialist painting and decorating [ways] which will provide you with inspiration as well as practical help .

Now the increasing sophistication in most paint ranges , plus a new interest in the purely decorative aspect , has resulted in the revival of old traditional crafts and techniques such as stippling , rag-rolling , colour-washing , dragging and lacquering which can all be learnt and practised without too much difficulty .
now the increasing sophistication in most paint ranges , plus a new interest in the purely decorative aspect , has resulted in the revival of old traditional crafts and [ways] such as stippling , rag-rolling , colour-washing , dragging and lacquering which can all be learnt and practised without too much difficulty .

If you 've never tackled these techniques before you should experiment off the wall first , using linin– paper .
if you 've never tackled these [ways] before you should experiment off the wall first , using linin– paper .

Use one of the attractive paint techniques which are re-gaining popularity : sponging , rag rolling or dragging .
use one of the attractive paint [ways] which are re-gaining popularity : sponging , rag rolling or dragging .

Once a well-fitting function has been obtained one can of course use the usual mathematical techniques to derive other indicators such rates of change , means or smoothed curves which suppress small deviations and show a trend .
once a well-fitting function has been obtained one can of course use the usual mathematical [ways] to derive other indicators such rates of change , means or smoothed curves which suppress small deviations and show a trend .

Techniques for Measuring Biomass :
[ways] for measuring biomass :

The article further discusses the various techniques used in remote sensing , in broad categories photographic and electro-optical .
the article further discusses the various [ways] used in remote sensing , in broad categories photographic and electro-optical .

Two conclusions were drawn : firstly that relative bidirectional reflectance can be measured using these simple photographic techniques , and secondly that there was no significance difference between the Lillesand & Kiefer and the Curran methods for photographically deriving relative bidirectional reflectance .
two conclusions were drawn : firstly that relative bidirectional reflectance can be measured using these simple photographic [ways] , and secondly that there was no significance difference between the lillesand & kiefer and the curran methods for photographically deriving relative bidirectional reflectance .

Present on this occasion were a plant biologist , a research officer experienced in remote sensing techniques , the author and his supervisor .
present on this occasion were a plant biologist , a research officer experienced in remote sensing [ways] , the author and his supervisor .

Techniques to be investigated for use during measurement , averaging and computing a growth function were grey scaling , picture improvement and even perhaps pattern manipulation .
[ways] to be investigated for use during measurement , averaging and computing a growth function were grey scaling , picture improvement and even perhaps pattern manipulation .

In imposing standards , governments increase the private cost of production by preventing firms from adopting the cost-minimizing techniques that would otherwise have been employed .
in imposing standards , governments increase the private cost of production by preventing firms from adopting the cost-minimizing [ways] that would otherwise have been employed .

Two general techniques have been used to determine whether a string is a legal combination of characters .
two general [ways] have been used to determine whether a string is a legal combination of characters .

The alternative approach uses n-gram techniques .
the alternative approach uses n-gram [ways] .

Wilks ( 1983 ) argues that linguistic theory has had little direct influence on parsing techniques .
wilks ( 1983 ) argues that linguistic theory has had little direct influence on parsing [ways] .

It is also the case that the elegant theories created by theoretical linguists need not necessarily evolve into computationally effective techniques .
it is also the case that the elegant theories created by theoretical linguists need not necessarily evolve into computationally effective [ways] .

There have also been attempts to produce parse trees for input using probabilistic techniques .
there have also been attempts to produce parse trees for input using probabilistic [ways] .

Within the machine translation community there has been the introduction of purely statistical techniques to translate between French and English ( Brown et al , 1989 ) .
within the machine translation community there has been the introduction of purely statistical [ways] to translate between french and english ( brown et al , 1989 ) .

recognition or stylistic processing ) it suffices to use much simpler techniques .
recognition or stylistic processing ) it suffices to use much simpler [ways] .

Unfortunately handwriting is often too poorly formed for such techniques to work reliably .
unfortunately handwriting is often too poorly formed for such [ways] to work reliably .

An alternative methodology to rule-based parsing employs probabilistic techniques .
an alternative methodology to rule-based parsing employs probabilistic [ways] .

The use of statistical techniques is not new to computational linguistics .
the use of statistical [ways] is not new to computational linguistics .

However the use of statistical techniques in linguistics fell from general use apart from a few ‘ marginal ’ applications .
however the use of statistical [ways] in linguistics fell from general use apart from a few ‘ marginal ’ applications .

The use of such techniques for language processing has traditionally been frowned upon by the linguistic community .
the use of such [ways] for language processing has traditionally been frowned upon by the linguistic community .

The difficulties encountered by workers taking the generative approach has led to the search for alternative techniques .
the difficulties encountered by workers taking the generative approach has led to the search for alternative [ways] .

Unlike the detailed grammatical information used in the unification grammars , statistical techniques tend to employ a set of grammatical tags .
unlike the detailed grammatical information used in the unification grammars , statistical [ways] tend to employ a set of grammatical tags .

As long ago as 1957 Chomsky pointed out the weaknesses of n-gram techniques to provide an English grammar based on their inability to cope with long distance dependencies .
as long ago as 1957 chomsky pointed out the weaknesses of n-gram [ways] to provide an english grammar based on their inability to cope with long distance dependencies .

But he knew nothing of the practical techniques of modelling and carving .
but he knew nothing of the practical [ways] of modelling and carving .

Any handbook on assertiveness techniques will tell you that the first rule is to make eye contact with your interviewers .
any handbook on assertiveness [ways] will tell you that the first rule is to make eye contact with your interviewers .

Here was a clear example of Western corporations using hard-sell marketing techniques on vulnerable mothers who could n't afford the product .
here was a clear example of western corporations using hard-sell marketing [ways] on vulnerable mothers who could n't afford the product .

Every year 25 billion tonnes of topsoil are lost through large-scale farming techniques — seven per cent of the world 's soil every decade .
every year 25 billion tonnes of topsoil are lost through large-scale farming [ways] — seven per cent of the world 's soil every decade .

Zimbabwe provides the model — and the lesson that Green Revolution techniques only really work when they are part of a total package that includes radical social reform alongside the free-market measures .
zimbabwe provides the model — and the lesson that green revolution [ways] only really work when they are part of a total package that includes radical social reform alongside the free-market measures .

Zimbabwe has quadrupled its food production in the last decade and has proved not only that small farmers are vastly more effective than large landowners but also that Green-Revolution techniques can be harnessed to help the poor — provided the political will is there .
zimbabwe has quadrupled its food production in the last decade and has proved not only that small farmers are vastly more effective than large landowners but also that green-revolution [ways] can be harnessed to help the poor — provided the political will is there .

But the Sandinista also took the initiative by training brigadistas up and down the country in preventive techniques like simple listening skills , bereavement counselling , relaxation methods , even family and group therapy .
but the sandinista also took the initiative by training brigadistas up and down the country in preventive [ways] like simple listening skills , bereavement counselling , relaxation methods , even family and group therapy .

Documenting such unwritten languages was a hit-or-miss affair until in 1933 Leonard Bloomfield suggested more rigorous ‘ scientific ’ techniques for writing the grammars of unwritten languages .
documenting such unwritten languages was a hit-or-miss affair until in 1933 leonard bloomfield suggested more rigorous ‘ scientific ’ [ways] for writing the grammars of unwritten languages .

In compulsory competitive tendering the Government are merely bringing up the rear and ensuring that local authorities that have not yet taken advantage of those techniques are brought up to the level of the best .
in compulsory competitive tendering the government are merely bringing up the rear and ensuring that local authorities that have not yet taken advantage of those [ways] are brought up to the level of the best .

Although the most commonly used traffic-calming measures , road humps , are governed by statute and are subject to clear regulations , other techniques such as chicanes , road narowing , different road surfaces , shared road surfaces , rumble strips and gateways are not properly covered by legislation .
although the most commonly used traffic-calming measures , road humps , are governed by statute and are subject to clear regulations , other [ways] such as chicanes , road narowing , different road surfaces , shared road surfaces , rumble strips and gateways are not properly covered by legislation .

Traffic-calming techniques are meant to encourage a driving style that is more concerned with the surroundings and , as a result , lower speed limits can be introduced .
traffic-calming [ways] are meant to encourage a driving style that is more concerned with the surroundings and , as a result , lower speed limits can be introduced .

Do not the Scots realise that with better techniques , new medical discoveries and more efficacious drugs many more people would be treated if only the health service were to change ?
do not the scots realise that with better [ways] , new medical discoveries and more efficacious drugs many more people would be treated if only the health service were to change ?

If the Minister had given those figures , would they not have shown — especially those relating to the number convicted of terrorist offences — that , over the past decade , there has been a consistent and significant decline in the number of people convicted ? Is not that a consequence of the increasing sophistication of terrorist ant-interrogation techniques , such as the ability to destroy forensic evidence ? Does not that point to the need to give serious consideration to other methods of dealing with terrorism ?
if the minister had given those figures , would they not have shown — especially those relating to the number convicted of terrorist offences — that , over the past decade , there has been a consistent and significant decline in the number of people convicted ? is not that a consequence of the increasing sophistication of terrorist ant-interrogation [ways] , such as the ability to destroy forensic evidence ? does not that point to the need to give serious consideration to other methods of dealing with terrorism ?

It is certainly the case that , due to the substantial improvements in the technical ability to recover oil , in particular by means of enhanced oil recovery techniques , many of the past estimates have proved inaccurate .
it is certainly the case that , due to the substantial improvements in the technical ability to recover oil , in particular by means of enhanced oil recovery [ways] , many of the past estimates have proved inaccurate .

However , our oppponents fail to recognise that we have a great amount to learn from those in business who have developed techniques to ensure that large organisations improve their efficiency and deliver their objective more effectively than was the case .
however , our oppponents fail to recognise that we have a great amount to learn from those in business who have developed [ways] to ensure that large organisations improve their efficiency and deliver their objective more effectively than was the case .

His admonition was unnecessary , for Robbie chose that moment to black out , and the next thing she knew she was lying face down on the canal bank , with Fen applying rough but effective resuscitation techniques .
his admonition was unnecessary , for robbie chose that moment to black out , and the next thing she knew she was lying face down on the canal bank , with fen applying rough but effective resuscitation [ways] .

Ben Jonson , a ‘ scholarship boy ’ whose ability with language allowed him to gain social advancement , is keen to distance himself from popular writing whose techniques he so skilfully employs .
ben jonson , a ‘ scholarship boy ’ whose ability with language allowed him to gain social advancement , is keen to distance himself from popular writing whose [ways] he so skilfully employs .

Their techniques are not unlike ‘ thick description ’ in some respects : setting out accounts for a closely defined topic in an exhaustive manner and assembling a wealth of documentary and statistical evidence to assess an event .
their [ways] are not unlike ‘ thick description ’ in some respects : setting out accounts for a closely defined topic in an exhaustive manner and assembling a wealth of documentary and statistical evidence to assess an event .

1992 — the techniques
1992 — the [ways]

Personal discussions , conferences and the publication of papers and articles must be supported by easy-to-use programs providing access to the new techniques .
personal discussions , conferences and the publication of papers and articles must be supported by easy-to-use programs providing access to the new [ways] .

It is a responsibility of the Centre to provide support to the academic economist developing programs for new techniques and to make appropriate programs commercially available outside the academic environment .
it is a responsibility of the centre to provide support to the academic economist developing programs for new [ways] and to make appropriate programs commercially available outside the academic environment .

Standard techniques may be used to make broad comparisons between groups of individuals but the statistical analysis of changes over time and interrelationships between events , topics often of special interest to the psychologist , is much less well understood .
standard [ways] may be used to make broad comparisons between groups of individuals but the statistical analysis of changes over time and interrelationships between events , topics often of special interest to the psychologist , is much less well understood .

Fortunately there is a great deal of similarity between the mathematics developed for this task and the techniques required to analyse certain types of data .
fortunately there is a great deal of similarity between the mathematics developed for this task and the [ways] required to analyse certain types of data .

For example , it is possible to construct a network of friends drawn from a school class room , and to analyse this data using mathematical techniques .
for example , it is possible to construct a network of friends drawn from a school class room , and to analyse this data using mathematical [ways] .

It is these techniques which have much in common with the analysis of computer programs .
it is these [ways] which have much in common with the analysis of computer programs .

Instruction of research students in research methods and techniques has received government attention for almost a decade .
instruction of research students in research methods and [ways] has received government attention for almost a decade .

However optimal control techniques can also be used to analyse the dynamic behaviour of economic systems as well as being used as a method for testing the validity of a model .
however optimal control [ways] can also be used to analyse the dynamic behaviour of economic systems as well as being used as a method for testing the validity of a model .

Since there are usually at least two competing theories for the explanation of an economic relationship , and statistical analysis techniques are not robust enough to allow the rejection of one theory in favour of another , it is inevitable that more than one possible underlying structure may be taken to represent the economic system .
since there are usually at least two competing theories for the explanation of an economic relationship , and statistical analysis [ways] are not robust enough to allow the rejection of one theory in favour of another , it is inevitable that more than one possible underlying structure may be taken to represent the economic system .

British workers on the other hand use a wide range of statistical techniques , but hardly ever use correspondence analysis .
british workers on the other hand use a wide range of statistical [ways] , but hardly ever use correspondence analysis .

The objective of this research is to develop techniques to check and control erroneous data in survey analysis programs of the type just mentioned .
the objective of this research is to develop [ways] to check and control erroneous data in survey analysis programs of the type just mentioned .

The first way is to use standard quality control techniques at the data input stage , so that the output of coders , data punchers , etc , has a controlled quality level .
the first way is to use standard quality control [ways] at the data input stage , so that the output of coders , data punchers , etc , has a controlled quality level .

This project is an investigation of how good people are at predicting the future in terms of numerical probabilities . It is hoped to provide answers to the following questions : Are some people better at forecasting than others ? Does the relative desirability of a future event affect the assessment of a likelihood ? Does the difficulty of the prediction task and the way a prediction is made have an influence on how good predictions are ? Can we develop techniques for helping people to make better forecasts ?
this project is an investigation of how good people are at predicting the future in terms of numerical probabilities . it is hoped to provide answers to the following questions : are some people better at forecasting than others ? does the relative desirability of a future event affect the assessment of a likelihood ? does the difficulty of the prediction task and the way a prediction is made have an influence on how good predictions are ? can we develop [ways] for helping people to make better forecasts ?

The research uses two experimental techniques for producing natural dialogue .
the research uses two experimental [ways] for producing natural dialogue .

Competence becomes manifest at that age ; and it is essential to search for its precursors to test whether current techniques are too blunt to detect ‘ latent competence ’ , current models too imprecise to point research optimally in that direction , and current theory too stark in the distinctions it draws to serve the interests of process models .
competence becomes manifest at that age ; and it is essential to search for its precursors to test whether current [ways] are too blunt to detect ‘ latent competence ’ , current models too imprecise to point research optimally in that direction , and current theory too stark in the distinctions it draws to serve the interests of process models .

Interestingly , German managers whilst not showing any difference in their feelings of physical health , did show superior psychological health compared to their British counterparts , and these appear to be due to their more frequently and effectively using stress-coping techniques such as ‘ social support ’ , ‘ task strategies ’ , ‘ time ’ and ‘ involvement ’ .
interestingly , german managers whilst not showing any difference in their feelings of physical health , did show superior psychological health compared to their british counterparts , and these appear to be due to their more frequently and effectively using stress-coping [ways] such as ‘ social support ’ , ‘ task strategies ’ , ‘ time ’ and ‘ involvement ’ .

This is because quantitative techniques are seen as more costly ( in terms of money , time and mental work load ) , more complex and ( perhaps wrongly ) as more inaccurate than judgmental methods .
this is because quantitative [ways] are seen as more costly ( in terms of money , time and mental work load ) , more complex and ( perhaps wrongly ) as more inaccurate than judgmental methods .

As this is the case , part of the research will examine various experimental techniques used previously in studies on word recognition .
as this is the case , part of the research will examine various experimental [ways] used previously in studies on word recognition .

Models of human temporary memory will be constructed using computer simulation techniques , and these models will be tested in a number of psychological experiments .
models of human temporary memory will be constructed using computer simulation [ways] , and these models will be tested in a number of psychological experiments .

It is not intended as a guide to the relative merits of competing products — Which ? magazine , with its comparative testing reports , fills that role — but rather as a guide to the tools , materials and techniques needed for home plumbing and to the various plumbing jobs around the home , including the installation of central heating .
it is not intended as a guide to the relative merits of competing products — which ? magazine , with its comparative testing reports , fills that role — but rather as a guide to the tools , materials and [ways] needed for home plumbing and to the various plumbing jobs around the home , including the installation of central heating .

Not only do these give details of the various products but they also often have information about how and where the products are to be used as well as tips and hints on plumbing design and techniques .
not only do these give details of the various products but they also often have information about how and where the products are to be used as well as tips and hints on plumbing design and [ways] .

Although many of the techniques are similar to those needed for cold and hot water plumbing , the consequences of making a mistake are potentially much more serious and if you are found out , you could be heavily fined .
although many of the [ways] are similar to those needed for cold and hot water plumbing , the consequences of making a mistake are potentially much more serious and if you are found out , you could be heavily fined .

You wo n't be pregnant for too much longer , and anyway surgical techniques in preventing blindness due to proliferative retinophathy are advancing all the time .
you wo n't be pregnant for too much longer , and anyway surgical [ways] in preventing blindness due to proliferative retinophathy are advancing all the time .

For the nation is only manifested in the national character , in the nationality of the individual ; and the nationality of the individual is only one aspect of his determination by the history of society , by the development of the conditions and techniques of labour .
for the nation is only manifested in the national character , in the nationality of the individual ; and the nationality of the individual is only one aspect of his determination by the history of society , by the development of the conditions and [ways] of labour .

If equation ( 3.30 ) were estimated by ordinary least-squares techniques ( which assume that the error term , , is uncorrelated with f t ) then an estimator of the coefficient β may still be biased downwards .
if equation ( 3.30 ) were estimated by ordinary least-squares [ways] ( which assume that the error term , , is uncorrelated with f t ) then an estimator of the coefficient β may still be biased downwards .

It is possible to employ statistical techniques that take into account the correlation between f t and the error ( instrumental variable estimation , for example ) , but some of these methods are not statistically efficient , so that the standard errors of the estimators may be inflated .
it is possible to employ statistical [ways] that take into account the correlation between f t and the error ( instrumental variable estimation , for example ) , but some of these methods are not statistically efficient , so that the standard errors of the estimators may be inflated .

Recall that we assumed that the nominal quantity of money in the economy , m t , was determined in the following simple way : where g is a known constant ; and v t is a random , serially uncorrelated variable with mean zero , which represents the unpredictable component of the quantity of money , and which we might think of as arising because of , say , faults in the government 's monetary control techniques .
recall that we assumed that the nominal quantity of money in the economy , m t , was determined in the following simple way : where g is a known constant ; and v t is a random , serially uncorrelated variable with mean zero , which represents the unpredictable component of the quantity of money , and which we might think of as arising because of , say , faults in the government 's monetary control [ways] .

For volatile samples it is sometimes helpful to use matrix-isolation techniques [ Section 5.16.3 ] , as the molecules trapped in an inert matrix are generally unable to rotate freely , and give simple sharp vibration bands of well-defined frequency .
for volatile samples it is sometimes helpful to use matrix-isolation [ways] [ section 5.16.3 ] , as the molecules trapped in an inert matrix are generally unable to rotate freely , and give simple sharp vibration bands of well-defined frequency .

Such samples require the use of special techniques which may be described loosely as flow , flash and freeze methods .
such samples require the use of special [ways] which may be described loosely as flow , flash and freeze methods .

More modern laser techniques allow much more subtle experiments to be applied to both small and large unstable molecules in flow systems .
more modern laser [ways] allow much more subtle experiments to be applied to both small and large unstable molecules in flow systems .

Given the availability of very fast spectroscopic techniques , using either photographic recording or pulsed lasers , we can consider working with a non-flowing sample and simply recording a spectrum at some interval after sudden generation of the species , but before its decay is complete .
given the availability of very fast spectroscopic [ways] , using either photographic recording or pulsed lasers , we can consider working with a non-flowing sample and simply recording a spectrum at some interval after sudden generation of the species , but before its decay is complete .

The problems of calculating the total energies of such ions are by no means trivial , and important advances in techniques of calculation have been made in the process of developing satisfactory methods .
the problems of calculating the total energies of such ions are by no means trivial , and important advances in [ways] of calculation have been made in the process of developing satisfactory methods .

For atoms and diatomic molecules , emission spectroscopy using discharge excitation is very useful , but for larger molecules most work has been done using absorption techniques .
for atoms and diatomic molecules , emission spectroscopy using discharge excitation is very useful , but for larger molecules most work has been done using absorption [ways] .

For inorganic systems , especially those involving transition metals , there are special techniques which are used to predict ( d-d ) transition energies , for example , but even those with adjustable parameters can not always give unambiguous interpretations of the observed spectra .
for inorganic systems , especially those involving transition metals , there are special [ways] which are used to predict ( d-d ) transition energies , for example , but even those with adjustable parameters can not always give unambiguous interpretations of the observed spectra .

The methods used in determination of size vary widely from calipers on the coarsest fragments , through sieving and techniques dependent upon settling velocity , to those detecting changes in electrical resistance as particles are passed through small electrolyte-filled orifices .
the methods used in determination of size vary widely from calipers on the coarsest fragments , through sieving and [ways] dependent upon settling velocity , to those detecting changes in electrical resistance as particles are passed through small electrolyte-filled orifices .

The techniques of processing the data on grain size were largely explored during the 1920s and 1930s when a series of textural classifications was introduced .
the [ways] of processing the data on grain size were largely explored during the 1920s and 1930s when a series of textural classifications was introduced .

Statistical analysis is aided by means of a simple transformation of size from a metric scale to a logarithmic one which enables application of both graphic and moment statistical techniques .
statistical analysis is aided by means of a simple transformation of size from a metric scale to a logarithmic one which enables application of both graphic and moment statistical [ways] .

Fresh techniques of exploring the information on grain populations with a view to interpreting depositional environment or transportation experienced by the deposits continue to be introduced with varying degrees of success .
fresh [ways] of exploring the information on grain populations with a view to interpreting depositional environment or transportation experienced by the deposits continue to be introduced with varying degrees of success .

In this chapter attention is devoted to the techniques used commonly by sedimentologists to determine sizes of particles , i.e .
in this chapter attention is devoted to the [ways] used commonly by sedimentologists to determine sizes of particles , i.e .

When fine materials are present it is necessary to separate them by wet sieving so that sands and the silt/clay fraction may be examined separately using different size determination techniques .
when fine materials are present it is necessary to separate them by wet sieving so that sands and the silt/clay fraction may be examined separately using different size determination [ways] .

In early comparisons of sizes determined by sieving and settling techniques Sengupta & veenstra ( 1968 ) and Sanford & swift ( 1971 ) concluded that in general the results were very similar but that settling over-estimated fine particle sizes and under-estimated coarse particles .
in early comparisons of sizes determined by sieving and settling [ways] sengupta & veenstra ( 1968 ) and sanford & swift ( 1971 ) concluded that in general the results were very similar but that settling over-estimated fine particle sizes and under-estimated coarse particles .

Following the application of correction factors to permit comparison of intermediate diameters from both sieving and settling techniques Komar & cui ( 1984 ) demonstrated extremely close similarity between the results from the two forms of analysis applied to sediments from a wide range of depositional environments .
following the application of correction factors to permit comparison of intermediate diameters from both sieving and settling [ways] komar & cui ( 1984 ) demonstrated extremely close similarity between the results from the two forms of analysis applied to sediments from a wide range of depositional environments .

Using suitable techniques very fine increments of size may be detected ( McCave , 1979b ) by what is a very rapid and highly reproducible technique .
using suitable [ways] very fine increments of size may be detected ( mccave , 1979b ) by what is a very rapid and highly reproducible technique .

In consequence , simple statistical techniques are used to characterize the grain size distribution data .
in consequence , simple statistical [ways] are used to characterize the grain size distribution data .

Graphic techniques are especially appropriate for analysis of open ended distributions whereas the moment methods should not be applied unless all grain sizes present lie within the defined grain size limits .
graphic [ways] are especially appropriate for analysis of open ended distributions whereas the moment methods should not be applied unless all grain sizes present lie within the defined grain size limits .

The methods of analysis and presenting data are standard descriptive techniques , but it is always the aim of scientists to derive more than simple descriptions of their materials .
the methods of analysis and presenting data are standard descriptive [ways] , but it is always the aim of scientists to derive more than simple descriptions of their materials .

One of the earliest attempts to characterize depositional environments by means of bivariate scattergrams was that of Stewart ( 1958 ) who plotted median against skewness and standard deviation for sediments from rivers , wave dominant zones and quiet water environments , and defined envelopes within which his analyses occurred ( Fig. 3.9 ) : Also , using graphic techniques , Schlee , Uchupi & trumbull ( 1965 ) were unable to distinguish beach and dune sands from grain size data alone .
one of the earliest attempts to characterize depositional environments by means of bivariate scattergrams was that of stewart ( 1958 ) who plotted median against skewness and standard deviation for sediments from rivers , wave dominant zones and quiet water environments , and defined envelopes within which his analyses occurred ( fig. 3.9 ) : also , using graphic [ways] , schlee , uchupi & trumbull ( 1965 ) were unable to distinguish beach and dune sands from grain size data alone .

As many of these are readily obtained by simple screening techniques applied to natural sedimentary deposits it is of interest to record the prescribed limitations of the aggregate gradings .
as many of these are readily obtained by simple screening [ways] applied to natural sedimentary deposits it is of interest to record the prescribed limitations of the aggregate gradings .

4 Microscopical techniques : 1 . Slices , slides , stains and peels
4 microscopical [ways] : 1 . slices , slides , stains and peels

Today 's sedimentologists are able to extract a great deal more information from thin sections by using special techniques to study fabrics , textures , mineralogy and geochemistry .
today 's sedimentologists are able to extract a great deal more information from thin sections by using special [ways] to study fabrics , textures , mineralogy and geochemistry .

This does not , however , mean that high quality results can be achieved only by such methods : where a small volume of sections is involved , many of the techniques described in this chapter can easily be adapted for manual preparation of thin sections .
this does not , however , mean that high quality results can be achieved only by such methods : where a small volume of sections is involved , many of the [ways] described in this chapter can easily be adapted for manual preparation of thin sections .

Samples can be collected which not only adequately represent the facies or lithosomes under study , but are appropriate in orientation , size , shape and freshness to the selected preparation techniques .
samples can be collected which not only adequately represent the facies or lithosomes under study , but are appropriate in orientation , size , shape and freshness to the selected preparation [ways] .

Most of the techniques used to develop detail on cut faces of slices or plaquettes are non-destructive , so that a different technique can be used on the same face after washing or re-polishing .
most of the [ways] used to develop detail on cut faces of slices or plaquettes are non-destructive , so that a different technique can be used on the same face after washing or re-polishing .

The techniques of polishing and etching are thus complimentary .
the [ways] of polishing and etching are thus complimentary .

In this section only the most successful techniques for common sedimentary minerals are given , with an emphasis on those which have been recently refined .
in this section only the most successful [ways] for common sedimentary minerals are given , with an emphasis on those which have been recently refined .

Having gone to some trouble to obtain high quality sample preparations , it is important to realize their potential by using appropriate techniques when studying them .
having gone to some trouble to obtain high quality sample preparations , it is important to realize their potential by using appropriate [ways] when studying them .

5.1.1 Techniques and tools
5.1.1 [ways] and tools

Although some techniques used in sedimentary petrography are quantitative , many are solely qualitative and are principally descriptive .
although some [ways] used in sedimentary petrography are quantitative , many are solely qualitative and are principally descriptive .

The proportion of the different grains present is more difficult to ascertain and is done using two main techniques , point counting and visual estimates .
the proportion of the different grains present is more difficult to ascertain and is done using two main [ways] , point counting and visual estimates .

Care must be taken in making visual estimates , and results are usually much less accurate than with point counting techniques .
care must be taken in making visual estimates , and results are usually much less accurate than with point counting [ways] .

Computer-aided techniques will help by providing higher accuracy results , but will not bypass the need for previous detailed petrographic study .
computer-aided [ways] will help by providing higher accuracy results , but will not bypass the need for previous detailed petrographic study .

With both visual estimation and point counting techniques it must be remembered that values are being computed from the two dimensions of the thin section into the three dimensions of a sediment for modal composition .
with both visual estimation and point counting [ways] it must be remembered that values are being computed from the two dimensions of the thin section into the three dimensions of a sediment for modal composition .

Both types of constraint can form the basis for monetary control techniques :
both types of constraint can form the basis for monetary control [ways] :

The eighteenth century was not an age of rapid development in military techniques .
the eighteenth century was not an age of rapid development in military [ways] .

Riemann developed more elegant techniques to analyse curvature in these higher-dimensional spaces .
riemann developed more elegant [ways] to analyse curvature in these higher-dimensional spaces .

After the lecture was over , groups were formed to try out some of the techniques Luke had discussed .
after the lecture was over , groups were formed to try out some of the [ways] luke had discussed .

New works have to revive the perceptibility of literature either by defamiliarizing over-familiar techniques ( as in the case of parody ) or else by foregrounding a previously non-functional device .
new works have to revive the perceptibility of literature either by defamiliarizing over-familiar [ways] ( as in the case of parody ) or else by foregrounding a previously non-functional device .

This restoration of the sense of life may well be an effect frequently produced by techniques of making strange , but Shklovsky makes it clear that in the end the object itself is not important , but merely a pretext for art .
this restoration of the sense of life may well be an effect frequently produced by [ways] of making strange , but shklovsky makes it clear that in the end the object itself is not important , but merely a pretext for art .

According to Wimsatt , for instance ( 1958 : 241 ) ; , ‘ poetry is a complex kind of verbal construction in which the dimension of coherence is by various techniques of implication greatly enhanced and thus generates an extra dimension of correspondence to reality , the symbolic or analogical ’ .
according to wimsatt , for instance ( 1958 : 241 ) ; , ‘ poetry is a complex kind of verbal construction in which the dimension of coherence is by various [ways] of implication greatly enhanced and thus generates an extra dimension of correspondence to reality , the symbolic or analogical ’ .

It is often assumed that techniques must be learned and practised before problems are mentioned .
it is often assumed that [ways] must be learned and practised before problems are mentioned .

Diagnostic assessment will not be necessary for all pupils , at all times , but appropriate techniques should be used when more general formative assessments fail to indicate activities from which the pupil can learn .
diagnostic assessment will not be necessary for all pupils , at all times , but appropriate [ways] should be used when more general formative assessments fail to indicate activities from which the pupil can learn .

Their ideas were based on what one might describe as ‘ school mathematics ’ — a set of facts and techniques — in which questions have one right answer and prescribed methods of solution .
their ideas were based on what one might describe as ‘ school mathematics ’ — a set of facts and [ways] — in which questions have one right answer and prescribed methods of solution .

He did not look like a wolf , but he did look like a young man with an eye for a girl , and techniques that would bear watching .
he did not look like a wolf , but he did look like a young man with an eye for a girl , and [ways] that would bear watching .

Management strategies must grow out of consideration of such questions as the desirability of balance within the curriculum and how best management techniques might serve this … especially when making medium term decisions ( say five years ) … It is important to develop this critique , for without it teachers do not come to understand the implications of short term decisions upon a balanced curriculum .
management strategies must grow out of consideration of such questions as the desirability of balance within the curriculum and how best management [ways] might serve this … especially when making medium term decisions ( say five years ) … it is important to develop this critique , for without it teachers do not come to understand the implications of short term decisions upon a balanced curriculum .

Over half the interviewees were worried about the arts in primary schools , sometimes about the excessively routine consideration of techniques at the expense of generating artistic ideas , but more frequently about the lack of any coherent programme .
over half the interviewees were worried about the arts in primary schools , sometimes about the excessively routine consideration of [ways] at the expense of generating artistic ideas , but more frequently about the lack of any coherent programme .

One of the major criticisms , therefore , that arts teachers have advanced against formal systems of assessment , whether for internal or external purposes , appears as Goodman ( 1981 ) observes , to rest on the argument that the majority of assessment techniques used in education are inappropriate or inadequate for use in the aesthetic area , since they invariably tend to emphasize mathematical and statistical forms of measurement .
one of the major criticisms , therefore , that arts teachers have advanced against formal systems of assessment , whether for internal or external purposes , appears as goodman ( 1981 ) observes , to rest on the argument that the majority of assessment [ways] used in education are inappropriate or inadequate for use in the aesthetic area , since they invariably tend to emphasize mathematical and statistical forms of measurement .

But Allison has gone further than just stating the theoretical arguments for the process , he has already begun to explore the actual practicalities of implementing assessment techniques with the aid of students in his department . What is particularly interesting about these experiments is that they are all based upon the theoretical and philosophical framework Allison has devised , in which he has identified four ‘ interactive and interdependent ’ domains :
but allison has gone further than just stating the theoretical arguments for the process , he has already begun to explore the actual practicalities of implementing assessment [ways] with the aid of students in his department . what is particularly interesting about these experiments is that they are all based upon the theoretical and philosophical framework allison has devised , in which he has identified four ‘ interactive and interdependent ’ domains :

Although composition through improvisation is the major thrust of this department 's practice , this is carried through in a manner that allows children to become skilled in the basic techniques of certain musical instruments .
although composition through improvisation is the major thrust of this department 's practice , this is carried through in a manner that allows children to become skilled in the basic [ways] of certain musical instruments .

… first of all … they do need to acquire manipulative skills in order to play a xylophone , french horn , synthesizer , whatever … so they learn these as and when they need them … through to recording techniques and so on and so on , but always when they need them …
… first of all … they do need to acquire manipulative skills in order to play a xylophone , french horn , synthesizer , whatever … so they learn these as and when they need them … through to recording [ways] and so on and so on , but always when they need them …

Deliberate ambiguity , paradox and complexity are all techniques used by artists to prevent discrimination attaining complete clarity , thereby stimulating a prolonged and engrossing period of heightened activity .
deliberate ambiguity , paradox and complexity are all [ways] used by artists to prevent discrimination attaining complete clarity , thereby stimulating a prolonged and engrossing period of heightened activity .

Having considered something of the nature of aesthetic perception , it remains necessary to link this with education and with techniques stemming from Personal Construct theory which might well be used both for learning and for investigation in the area of artistic appraisal .
having considered something of the nature of aesthetic perception , it remains necessary to link this with education and with [ways] stemming from personal construct theory which might well be used both for learning and for investigation in the area of artistic appraisal .

Recent developments in the computer program used for analysing grids lends greater credibility to the wider application of Repertory Grid Techniques as a personalized learning system .
recent developments in the computer program used for analysing grids lends greater credibility to the wider application of repertory grid [ways] as a personalized learning system .

However , there are ideas , hypotheses and techniques of analysis which can help us make an intelligent guess .
however , there are ideas , hypotheses and [ways] of analysis which can help us make an intelligent guess .

what tools and techniques they had knowledge of ) and whether , like us , they saw their economy in terms of least effort/cost-benefit or whether some aesthetic or non-practical consideration was equally important .
what tools and [ways] they had knowledge of ) and whether , like us , they saw their economy in terms of least effort/cost-benefit or whether some aesthetic or non-practical consideration was equally important .

In a very stimulating book , Spatial Analysis in Archaeology , Ian Hodder and Clive Orton have assembled many of the ideas and techniques for examining settlement patterns .
in a very stimulating book , spatial analysis in archaeology , ian hodder and clive orton have assembled many of the ideas and [ways] for examining settlement patterns .

He had some of the techniques but none of the instincts of a painter .
he had some of the [ways] but none of the instincts of a painter .

The latest computer modelling techniques are used to optimise refining process improvements .
the latest computer modelling [ways] are used to optimise refining process improvements .

Advanced computer modelling techniques have been developed to simulate the refining process .
advanced computer modelling [ways] have been developed to simulate the refining process .

The transition from traditional management techniques to those based on personal computers revealed the need not only for good early planning but also for high-level commitment in directing what was to be implemented and for what were described as decision support systems .
the transition from traditional management [ways] to those based on personal computers revealed the need not only for good early planning but also for high-level commitment in directing what was to be implemented and for what were described as decision support systems .

The instrument categories of Strings 1 and Strings 2 exist in order that a student can , if he/she wishes , register for two string instruments in the same module at the same level for different string techniques .
the instrument categories of strings 1 and strings 2 exist in order that a student can , if he/she wishes , register for two string instruments in the same module at the same level for different string [ways] .

Design and use of induction , negotiating , interviewing and debriefing techniques .
design and use of induction , negotiating , interviewing and debriefing [ways] .

They will be encouraged to use a variety of information search and recording techniques and to present their findings in a format of their choice .
they will be encouraged to use a variety of information search and recording [ways] and to present their findings in a format of their choice .

It was decided to introduce a formal investigation as part of the summative assessment process as well as supporting investigative techniques during the teaching and learning process .
it was decided to introduce a formal investigation as part of the summative assessment process as well as supporting investigative [ways] during the teaching and learning process .

The student may consider a number of strategies for the investigation and select those which are considered appropriate eg in investigating the phasing of traffic lights at a road junction , the student may consider using trial and improvement , graphical techniques , algebraic analysis , calculus etc as strategies .
the student may consider a number of strategies for the investigation and select those which are considered appropriate eg in investigating the phasing of traffic lights at a road junction , the student may consider using trial and improvement , graphical [ways] , algebraic analysis , calculus etc as strategies .

As well as evidence of the selection of a strategy , there should be evidence of the justification for selection eg the student explains why graphical techniques were used to investigate the phasing of traffic lights .
as well as evidence of the selection of a strategy , there should be evidence of the justification for selection eg the student explains why graphical [ways] were used to investigate the phasing of traffic lights .

Guidance should be given as appropriate to ensure that a student carries out the investigation involving mathematical techniques or skills acquired within the module .
guidance should be given as appropriate to ensure that a student carries out the investigation involving mathematical [ways] or skills acquired within the module .

In question 3 the student may use trial and improvement , graphical techniques , algebra or calculus depending on which module this investigation is being used in .
in question 3 the student may use trial and improvement , graphical [ways] , algebra or calculus depending on which module this investigation is being used in .

In this barbaric world , there were no polite procedures , just basic survival techniques .
in this barbaric world , there were no polite procedures , just basic survival [ways] .

Best practice suggests that to comply with the law employers must identify and document the requirements for a position in terms of skills , experience and education , and should apply job analysis techniques to catalogue the essential functions of the post .
best practice suggests that to comply with the law employers must identify and document the requirements for a position in terms of skills , experience and education , and should apply job analysis [ways] to catalogue the essential functions of the post .

The patent may , for instance , have been licensed on terms which are commercially unattractive to potential sub-licensees with superior production techniques or who enjoy established access to trans-national sales outlets .
the patent may , for instance , have been licensed on terms which are commercially unattractive to potential sub-licensees with superior production [ways] or who enjoy established access to trans-national sales outlets .

There are a number of techniques which ask the necessary ‘ what if … ?
there are a number of [ways] which ask the necessary ‘ what if … ?

Human error identification techniques include task analysis or reference to checklists of potential human errors .
human error identification [ways] include task analysis or reference to checklists of potential human errors .

Useful results can often be achieved through simple analysis without resorting to the more sophisticated techniques .
useful results can often be achieved through simple analysis without resorting to the more sophisticated [ways] .

Techniques include fault tree analysis and event tree analysis ( see Glossary ) .
[ways] include fault tree analysis and event tree analysis ( see glossary ) .

References to the above techniques are provided in the Bibliography .
references to the above [ways] are provided in the bibliography .

As part of your continuing professional development , seek education and training in risk management techniques .
as part of your continuing professional development , seek education and training in risk management [ways] .

The novel techniques that had appeared represented a refinement of existing procedures , in particular the development of school record cards .
the novel [ways] that had appeared represented a refinement of existing procedures , in particular the development of school record cards .

One of the most impressive techniques for investigating autobiographical memory is the personal study of the experimenter 's own memory .
one of the most impressive [ways] for investigating autobiographical memory is the personal study of the experimenter 's own memory .

Our International Trading business is a leader in applying risk management techniques to the buying and selling of crude oil and products .
our international trading business is a leader in applying risk management [ways] to the buying and selling of crude oil and products .

To identify changes and trends in trade and consumer practices and as a consequence research and recommend appropriate enforcement/advisory techniques .
to identify changes and trends in trade and consumer practices and as a consequence research and recommend appropriate enforcement/advisory [ways] .

The papacy used similar techniques and by the ninth century , perhaps even before , pictorial schemes were found in the papal palace and in the basilica at the Lateran .
the papacy used similar [ways] and by the ninth century , perhaps even before , pictorial schemes were found in the papal palace and in the basilica at the lateran .

First aid boxes are held by selected staff who are trained in first aid techniques .
first aid boxes are held by selected staff who are trained in first aid [ways] .

Differences due to different methodologies or techniques ought to be identifiable ( e.g. remote sensing vs. direct measurements ) .
differences due to different methodologies or [ways] ought to be identifiable ( e.g. remote sensing vs. direct measurements ) .

Devonian plants , the earliest known terrestrial plants , are seen at Rhynie , and are regularly used by palaeobotanists to develop techniques and expertise .
devonian plants , the earliest known terrestrial plants , are seen at rhynie , and are regularly used by palaeobotanists to develop [ways] and expertise .

Criticism by many research workers has led to the development of ancillary measures , involving more sophisticated techniques .
criticism by many research workers has led to the development of ancillary measures , involving more sophisticated [ways] .

This author 's subsequent papers made no mention of Scotland , but made use of techniques developed during the course of his fieldwork .
this author 's subsequent papers made no mention of scotland , but made use of [ways] developed during the course of his fieldwork .

Since then , techniques such as seismic surveys , mechanised geochemical analysis , and isotopic research , have become available , and the theoretical framework of research in these geologically interesting areas has provided the potential for a great deal of re-interpretation , some of it of a fundamental nature , contributing to theoretical developments in geology .
since then , [ways] such as seismic surveys , mechanised geochemical analysis , and isotopic research , have become available , and the theoretical framework of research in these geologically interesting areas has provided the potential for a great deal of re-interpretation , some of it of a fundamental nature , contributing to theoretical developments in geology .

To identify methodology , techniques and equipment
to identify methodology , [ways] and equipment

It is in fact the case that , provided the analyst is aware of the theoretical and methodological imperfections and limitations of the techniques , and takes these into account , citation analysis has provided science with a very powerful tool for investigating its own internal communication processes .
it is in fact the case that , provided the analyst is aware of the theoretical and methodological imperfections and limitations of the [ways] , and takes these into account , citation analysis has provided science with a very powerful tool for investigating its own internal communication processes .

In a study of citation analysis and scientific productivity , Lawani suggested that the techniques of citation analysis would be particularly appropriate in ascertaining the relative quality of the productivity of large groups , and much less in judging individuals .
in a study of citation analysis and scientific productivity , lawani suggested that the [ways] of citation analysis would be particularly appropriate in ascertaining the relative quality of the productivity of large groups , and much less in judging individuals .

The possibility offered by rapid electronic communication across networks has led to some other new ways of collaborating in science , through bulletin boards and other e-mail techniques , some of which are direct analogues of personal communication and others resemble publication pathways .
the possibility offered by rapid electronic communication across networks has led to some other new ways of collaborating in science , through bulletin boards and other e-mail [ways] , some of which are direct analogues of personal communication and others resemble publication pathways .

The sub-discipline , if such it is , can be regarded as an aspect of stratigraphy , although it makes use of geochemical and geophysical techniques .
the sub-discipline , if such it is , can be regarded as an aspect of stratigraphy , although it makes use of geochemical and geophysical [ways] .

It is possible to determine the most appropriate sub-disciplinary research method for each area , or at least those techniques most often used .
it is possible to determine the most appropriate sub-disciplinary research method for each area , or at least those [ways] most often used .

In Offshore areas , geophysical techniques predominate .
in offshore areas , geophysical [ways] predominate .

In the Western Isles , the total number of theses is much higher , and the diversity of research techniques is much larger .
in the western isles , the total number of theses is much higher , and the diversity of research [ways] is much larger .

Geochemistry is the sub-discipline most used for research , with igneous , structural and geophysical studies on Scotland 's oldest metamorphic rocks , and her youngest volcanoes , still yielding new information , and forming unique training grounds in geological field techniques .
geochemistry is the sub-discipline most used for research , with igneous , structural and geophysical studies on scotland 's oldest metamorphic rocks , and her youngest volcanoes , still yielding new information , and forming unique training grounds in geological field [ways] .

Perhaps the most ambitious application of co-citation techniques is described by Small and Sweeney , where ‘ clustering of clusters ’ leads , after four iterations , to an overall map of science .
perhaps the most ambitious application of co-citation [ways] is described by small and sweeney , where ‘ clustering of clusters ’ leads , after four iterations , to an overall map of science .

The literatures of stable sciences show longer half-lives than those undergoing major changes in content and techniques .
the literatures of stable sciences show longer half-lives than those undergoing major changes in content and [ways] .

Sub-fields in geology are characterised by differences in techniques , survey methods , and entities studied .
sub-fields in geology are characterised by differences in [ways] , survey methods , and entities studied .

It seems likely that librarians , bibliographers , and the scientists themselves , will have to live with increased quantities of publications for the foreseeable future , and should instead develop their critical faculties and use other techniques for evaluating the worthwhile , and rejecting the worthless .
it seems likely that librarians , bibliographers , and the scientists themselves , will have to live with increased quantities of publications for the foreseeable future , and should instead develop their critical faculties and use other [ways] for evaluating the worthwhile , and rejecting the worthless .

Research processes vary between and within discipline ; most really significant advances in knowledge come about through the application of several techniques .
research processes vary between and within discipline ; most really significant advances in knowledge come about through the application of several [ways] .

Earthquake evidence refined the concepts , together with ocean-floor drilling , analysing material recovered by classical geological and palaeontological techniques , until the unifying concept of plate tectonics resulted .
earthquake evidence refined the concepts , together with ocean-floor drilling , analysing material recovered by classical geological and palaeontological [ways] , until the unifying concept of plate tectonics resulted .

The writing of an extensive dissertation , with arguments put forward and defended , may demonstrate the writer 's possession of intellectual abilities , erudition in scholarship , and the attainment of proficiency in research techniques or methodology at a very advanced level , but it does not , of itself , prove that the researcher has made an original contribution to knowledge .
the writing of an extensive dissertation , with arguments put forward and defended , may demonstrate the writer 's possession of intellectual abilities , erudition in scholarship , and the attainment of proficiency in research [ways] or methodology at a very advanced level , but it does not , of itself , prove that the researcher has made an original contribution to knowledge .

This led to the incorporation of statistical techniques of inference into empirical social science .
this led to the incorporation of statistical [ways] of inference into empirical social science .

It was this `` vague image `` which had to be translated into a form which could be explored , even tested , empirically using the pattern-searching techniques of variable analysis .
it was this `` vague image `` which had to be translated into a form which could be explored , even tested , empirically using the pattern-searching [ways] of variable analysis .

Its advent was auspicious in that following the Second World War the strenuous efforts of many social scientists , especially in the United States , to secure a more acceptable place for social science , which itself contributed to many of the techniques which became part of variable analysis , was served by a way of thinking which seemed to offer a way of emulating some of the crucial features of the scientific method .
its advent was auspicious in that following the second world war the strenuous efforts of many social scientists , especially in the united states , to secure a more acceptable place for social science , which itself contributed to many of the [ways] which became part of variable analysis , was served by a way of thinking which seemed to offer a way of emulating some of the crucial features of the scientific method .

The `` social psychological survey `` , for example , used survey designs and questionnaires to investigate the distribution of personality via various kinds of attitude measurement techniques .
the `` social psychological survey `` , for example , used survey designs and questionnaires to investigate the distribution of personality via various kinds of attitude measurement [ways] .

Though the whole population remained the focus of interest , sampling techniques enabled it to be studied economically .
though the whole population remained the focus of interest , sampling [ways] enabled it to be studied economically .

This particular development of the census , along with other official data and information-gathering techniques as an integral part of the welfare state , is a comparatively recent development in Britain .
this particular development of the census , along with other official data and information-gathering [ways] as an integral part of the welfare state , is a comparatively recent development in britain .

Also , the census was slow to be influenced by the techniques of survey method , both in the use of sampling designs and in the search for more appropriate data .
also , the census was slow to be influenced by the [ways] of survey method , both in the use of sampling designs and in the search for more appropriate data .

Sampling techniques were refined throughout the early decades of the twentieth century by Bowley , Hilton , and others .
sampling [ways] were refined throughout the early decades of the twentieth century by bowley , hilton , and others .

Sampling techniques were adopted from statisticians working in the fields of biology and botany .
sampling [ways] were adopted from statisticians working in the fields of biology and botany .

Since the population of adult males in Britain is many million , there are obvious savings to be made using these techniques .
since the population of adult males in britain is many million , there are obvious savings to be made using these [ways] .

There are several techniques for this , the most common being to select a sample from a list , called a sampling frame , according to numbers generated by tables of random numbers .
there are several [ways] for this , the most common being to select a sample from a list , called a sampling frame , according to numbers generated by tables of random numbers .

The great achievement of the early survey researchers was to provide and encourage the development of techniques for surveying large populations cheaply and within calculable degrees of accuracy ; although to a large degree the emphasis in social science has shifted from descriptive to analytic surveys , the legacies of sampling and survey design remain .
the great achievement of the early survey researchers was to provide and encourage the development of [ways] for surveying large populations cheaply and within calculable degrees of accuracy ; although to a large degree the emphasis in social science has shifted from descriptive to analytic surveys , the legacies of sampling and survey design remain .

These were scarcely more analytic or explanatory in their approach but were interested in different kinds of data , and , as a result , developed different techniques for dealing with the problem of representativeness .
these were scarcely more analytic or explanatory in their approach but were interested in different kinds of data , and , as a result , developed different [ways] for dealing with the problem of representativeness .

Today , and at least in academic circles though not solely these , both of these uses have been developed by a greater use of social scientific theory and by more advanced statistical techniques .
today , and at least in academic circles though not solely these , both of these uses have been developed by a greater use of social scientific theory and by more advanced statistical [ways] .

The study which pushed the techniques discussed here furthest in the direction of theorising about personality on the basis of attitude survey data was the celebrated work of Adorno and his colleagues reported in The Authoritarian Personality .
the study which pushed the [ways] discussed here furthest in the direction of theorising about personality on the basis of attitude survey data was the celebrated work of adorno and his colleagues reported in the authoritarian personality .

These developments in social psychology and social research made available a whole series of highly sophisticated techniques for measuring attitudes and other social properties .
these developments in social psychology and social research made available a whole series of highly sophisticated [ways] for measuring attitudes and other social properties .

The social psychological survey embodied the practical use of scaling techniques by which the attitudes of respondents were held to exemplify positions on basic dimensions and , in this respect , has profoundly affected the way in which social researchers think about the constitution of `` things `` that constitute the social world .
the social psychological survey embodied the practical use of scaling [ways] by which the attitudes of respondents were held to exemplify positions on basic dimensions and , in this respect , has profoundly affected the way in which social researchers think about the constitution of `` things `` that constitute the social world .

There are a whole set of statistical techniques for assessing the probability that the observed differences between the two groups could have resulted from chance .
there are a whole set of statistical [ways] for assessing the probability that the observed differences between the two groups could have resulted from chance .

Many of the techniques , and importantly the theories , used to analyse such data make assumptions about the nature of such processes , particularly that they are symmetrical and reversible .
many of the [ways] , and importantly the theories , used to analyse such data make assumptions about the nature of such processes , particularly that they are symmetrical and reversible .

As with survey techniques , interviewing practices have also evolved .
as with survey [ways] , interviewing practices have also evolved .

During the closures the authorities were reported to have sent 2,096 university teachers on special training courses in techniques of student management and control .
during the closures the authorities were reported to have sent 2,096 university teachers on special training courses in [ways] of student management and control .

In particular , the convention committed signatory states to ( i ) adopting the best available techniques for controlling marine pollution ; ( ii ) reducing discharges of toxic waste to harmless levels by the end of the century ; and ( iii ) observing a 15-year moratorium on the dumping of radioactive waste .
in particular , the convention committed signatory states to ( i ) adopting the best available [ways] for controlling marine pollution ; ( ii ) reducing discharges of toxic waste to harmless levels by the end of the century ; and ( iii ) observing a 15-year moratorium on the dumping of radioactive waste .

This brief survey of medical developments demonstrates that once again information technology is at the heart of them , both in terms of diagnostic and therapeutic techniques and in linking patient data across hospital , community and primary care settings .
this brief survey of medical developments demonstrates that once again information technology is at the heart of them , both in terms of diagnostic and therapeutic [ways] and in linking patient data across hospital , community and primary care settings .

Methods and techniques at Key Stage 1
methods and [ways] at key stage 1

While it has been demonstrated by the work of Piaget and others that , at primary school age , children 's understanding functions at the concrete operational stage , more recent research in primary history has tended to suggest that children 's `` historical `` thinking can be developed and encouraged by certain teaching techniques .
while it has been demonstrated by the work of piaget and others that , at primary school age , children 's understanding functions at the concrete operational stage , more recent research in primary history has tended to suggest that children 's `` historical `` thinking can be developed and encouraged by certain teaching [ways] .

The preceding approaches are means by which the techniques applied in the classroom can be varied but effective teaching must go beyond this .
the preceding approaches are means by which the [ways] applied in the classroom can be varied but effective teaching must go beyond this .

The introduction of National Curriculum History will have an impact on teachers ' methodologies and on classroom management techniques .
the introduction of national curriculum history will have an impact on teachers ' methodologies and on classroom management [ways] .

Methods and techniques for using pictorial sources
methods and [ways] for using pictorial sources

Various techniques can be employed in this process : ( 1 ) How do we look at pictures ?
various [ways] can be employed in this process : ( 1 ) how do we look at pictures ?

Close first-hand contact with a small number of genuine artefacts is of tremendous value , allowing pupils to see and touch , and to develop techniques of questioning .
close first-hand contact with a small number of genuine artefacts is of tremendous value , allowing pupils to see and touch , and to develop [ways] of questioning .

( 2 ) How will the information be recorded ? Discuss with pupils various techniques of recording information during a visit : making notes ; making sketches ; making a plan ; noting down measurements , etc. ; taking photographs ; using a video camera ; speaking into a cassette recorder ; recording various sounds on the site ; brass rubbings or stone rubbings ; artwork of various kinds ; collecting vocabulary to describe the place ; completing questions on a worksheet ; taking compass bearings .
( 2 ) how will the information be recorded ? discuss with pupils various [ways] of recording information during a visit : making notes ; making sketches ; making a plan ; noting down measurements , etc. ; taking photographs ; using a video camera ; speaking into a cassette recorder ; recording various sounds on the site ; brass rubbings or stone rubbings ; artwork of various kinds ; collecting vocabulary to describe the place ; completing questions on a worksheet ; taking compass bearings .

However techniques need to be developed to make best use of the opportunities .
however [ways] need to be developed to make best use of the opportunities .

The rhythms and tones of a public speaker , for instance , can help pupils to appreciate his techniques of rousing an audience , even if we can not understand the words .
the rhythms and tones of a public speaker , for instance , can help pupils to appreciate his [ways] of rousing an audience , even if we can not understand the words .

Appraisal Techniques ,
appraisal [ways] ,

Because it is concerned with questions of meaning , social behaviour and structure , and problems of cultural value , it directs you not only towards a wide range of examples of writing but also towards a greater awareness of moral and social questions underlying the techniques through which analysis and persuasion are achieved .
because it is concerned with questions of meaning , social behaviour and structure , and problems of cultural value , it directs you not only towards a wide range of examples of writing but also towards a greater awareness of moral and social questions underlying the [ways] through which analysis and persuasion are achieved .

The techniques of scanning and skimming can both be used to gain a rough idea of what an article or book contains , so that you can read parts in more detail if you want to .
the [ways] of scanning and skimming can both be used to gain a rough idea of what an article or book contains , so that you can read parts in more detail if you want to .

Both of these reading techniques are examples of how reading is a selective activity .
both of these reading [ways] are examples of how reading is a selective activity .

The advantage of having a text in computerised form is that you can find things in it very easily using computerised search techniques , and you can do more complicated searches than you ever could with a printed concordance .
the advantage of having a text in computerised form is that you can find things in it very easily using computerised search [ways] , and you can do more complicated searches than you ever could with a printed concordance .

It should be said , nevertheless , that powerful search techniques , across such large databases , will still only contribute effectively to your essay-writing or research if you maintain a clear sense of what you are looking for and why — a guiding principle which is itself independent of the technology .
it should be said , nevertheless , that powerful search [ways] , across such large databases , will still only contribute effectively to your essay-writing or research if you maintain a clear sense of what you are looking for and why — a guiding principle which is itself independent of the technology .

* Use the flexibility of computerised texts and search techniques if you can ( see pp. 45 – 6 ) .
* use the flexibility of computerised texts and search [ways] if you can ( see pp. 45 – 6 ) .

In Chapters 4 and 5 we consider in more detail the writing techniques through which you can present to best effect the kinds of argument described here .
in chapters 4 and 5 we consider in more detail the writing [ways] through which you can present to best effect the kinds of argument described here .

We now consider how the substance of those different sorts of essay is organised and presented , starting with techniques for commenting on a given passage .
we now consider how the substance of those different sorts of essay is organised and presented , starting with [ways] for commenting on a given passage .

105 – 7 , for techniques which enable you to do this ) .
105 – 7 , for [ways] which enable you to do this ) .

For this reason , the footnote-reference system has been widely displaced by other accepted techniques , such as the system which we now describe , and which we would recommend .
for this reason , the footnote-reference system has been widely displaced by other accepted [ways] , such as the system which we now describe , and which we would recommend .

We have suggested techniques for creating continuity through the different sections of your essay , by linking together and signposting for a reader the various points you make .
we have suggested [ways] for creating continuity through the different sections of your essay , by linking together and signposting for a reader the various points you make .

One of the techniques of cohesion ( see Chapter 5 , p. 100 ) is that instead of repeating a phrase , it is possible to use what are called grammatical words like pronouns `` it `` , `` he `` , `` she `` , `` they `` , or demonstratives like `` this `` .
one of the [ways] of cohesion ( see chapter 5 , p. 100 ) is that instead of repeating a phrase , it is possible to use what are called grammatical words like pronouns `` it `` , `` he `` , `` she `` , `` they `` , or demonstratives like `` this `` .

Schmidt , Hunter and their associates applied their new techniques to data from many samples drawn from a large number of different occupations .
schmidt , hunter and their associates applied their new [ways] to data from many samples drawn from a large number of different occupations .

Adapting techniques
adapting [ways]

It was hardly surprising that in the bad old days , the adverse and misleading consumer publicity which surrounded microwaves was enough to discourage many a traditionally trained chef from learning new techniques .
it was hardly surprising that in the bad old days , the adverse and misleading consumer publicity which surrounded microwaves was enough to discourage many a traditionally trained chef from learning new [ways] .

Coupled with the fact that over half the households in Great Britain have a microwave and surveys suggest that most catering establishments use a microwave at some time , the techniques of microwaving can hardly be a mystery by now .
coupled with the fact that over half the households in great britain have a microwave and surveys suggest that most catering establishments use a microwave at some time , the [ways] of microwaving can hardly be a mystery by now .

Sociolinguists working in the variationist paradigm have concentrated on studying phonological variation , and it is doubtful whether variationist techniques can be applied to grammatical variation at all .
sociolinguists working in the variationist paradigm have concentrated on studying phonological variation , and it is doubtful whether variationist [ways] can be applied to grammatical variation at all .

There have been only a small number of studies which have applied these techniques to bilingual data , for example : Auer 1981 , 1984a , 1984b ; Auer and Di Luzio 1983a , 1983b ; Tate 1984 ; Sebba and Wootton 1984 ; Milroy and Li Wei ( forthcoming ) .
there have been only a small number of studies which have applied these [ways] to bilingual data , for example : auer 1981 , 1984a , 1984b ; auer and di luzio 1983a , 1983b ; tate 1984 ; sebba and wootton 1984 ; milroy and li wei ( forthcoming ) .

For example , one of the techniques of persuasion available to late Anglo-Saxon kings was that of harrying .
for example , one of the [ways] of persuasion available to late anglo-saxon kings was that of harrying .

The ability to use a range of arithmetical and basic statistical techniques to reach conclusions in practical situations .
the ability to use a range of arithmetical and basic statistical [ways] to reach conclusions in practical situations .

Woods ( 1982 ) reports that , with the addition of certain efficiency techniques to island-driving , there was little difference in the success rates of their hybrid strategy starting near the left of the utterance , and their island driving strategy starting anywhere along the time-dimension .
woods ( 1982 ) reports that , with the addition of certain efficiency [ways] to island-driving , there was little difference in the success rates of their hybrid strategy starting near the left of the utterance , and their island driving strategy starting anywhere along the time-dimension .

The remainder of the search space can be ordered by using scoring techniques to rank competing hypotheses and to schedule the exploration of the possible extensions .
the remainder of the search space can be ordered by using scoring [ways] to rank competing hypotheses and to schedule the exploration of the possible extensions .

Since the Chart is just a recursive , directed , labelled graph , we could use graph-based techniques to probe the extent of the search problem .
since the chart is just a recursive , directed , labelled graph , we could use graph-based [ways] to probe the extent of the search problem .

However , the primary aim of this research is to explore some of the problems of speech processing , rather than to explore new computational techniques .
however , the primary aim of this research is to explore some of the problems of speech processing , rather than to explore new computational [ways] .

We then discussed the conditions under which breadth-first strategies with forward and backward pruning techniques would be successful .
we then discussed the conditions under which breadth-first strategies with forward and backward pruning [ways] would be successful .

Computer programmers and analysts will be allowed to make use of programming techniques and skills which they have learnt and which have become part of their own skill and experience , unless there is something very special about them or they have expressly agreed not to make further use of them .
computer programmers and analysts will be allowed to make use of programming [ways] and skills which they have learnt and which have become part of their own skill and experience , unless there is something very special about them or they have expressly agreed not to make further use of them .

The courts developed techniques to limit the effects of exclusion clauses , including the interpretation of an ambiguous clause to the disadvantage of the party seeking to rely on it .
the courts developed [ways] to limit the effects of exclusion clauses , including the interpretation of an ambiguous clause to the disadvantage of the party seeking to rely on it .

The company take great pride in their recruitment techniques which , for catering site managers , include psychometric personality testing , matching character assessment , aptitude and intelligence with a predetermined profile .
the company take great pride in their recruitment [ways] which , for catering site managers , include psychometric personality testing , matching character assessment , aptitude and intelligence with a predetermined profile .

In response to this tuition in examination techniques was introduced for the 1981 cohort and the statistical difference between matriculated and non matriculated students was eliminated .
in response to this tuition in examination [ways] was introduced for the 1981 cohort and the statistical difference between matriculated and non matriculated students was eliminated .

The case of Etruria warns us that the assimilation of many techniques and notions does not necessarily imply a real understanding between two civilizations .
the case of etruria warns us that the assimilation of many [ways] and notions does not necessarily imply a real understanding between two civilizations .

All available communication channels should be used to promote these techniques .
all available communication channels should be used to promote these [ways] .

Rational reproductive behaviour , supported by intelligent application of family planning techniques , will modify these demographic patterns and reduce their maleffects .
rational reproductive behaviour , supported by intelligent application of family planning [ways] , will modify these demographic patterns and reduce their maleffects .

See under classroom techniques .
see under classroom [ways] .

classroom techniques
classroom [ways]

New dating techniques had been developed and these were used on Piltdown Man so exposing him as a fraud .
new dating [ways] had been developed and these were used on piltdown man so exposing him as a fraud .

Particular attention is given to the techniques applied for sampling , interviewing and drawing up questionnaires .
particular attention is given to the [ways] applied for sampling , interviewing and drawing up questionnaires .

Clearly much more work is required on the development of techniques to observe the user during the search activity in order to make the necessary assessments .
clearly much more work is required on the development of [ways] to observe the user during the search activity in order to make the necessary assessments .

Whatever display and interaction techniques are used , it seems clear that a system which aims to satisfy the widely differing needs of widely differing types of user must already incorporate some degree of adaptivity .
whatever display and interaction [ways] are used , it seems clear that a system which aims to satisfy the widely differing needs of widely differing types of user must already incorporate some degree of adaptivity .

Apply the same techniques as if you were visiting them , and make each `` interruption `` work for you .
apply the same [ways] as if you were visiting them , and make each `` interruption `` work for you .

For this reason , if for no other , the study of polymers is difficult and many techniques must be used .
for this reason , if for no other , the study of polymers is difficult and many [ways] must be used .

Nature herself feels free to impose secrecy as regards the composition of some of her polymers and one of the most interesting fields of polymer research today is that of bio-polymers , where the techniques of the explorer are as important for the researcher as those of the polymer chemist .
nature herself feels free to impose secrecy as regards the composition of some of her polymers and one of the most interesting fields of polymer research today is that of bio-polymers , where the [ways] of the explorer are as important for the researcher as those of the polymer chemist .

Such averages are found from techniques which effectively count the number of molecules in a given mass or volume , such as end group analysis or studies of osmotic pressure .
such averages are found from [ways] which effectively count the number of molecules in a given mass or volume , such as end group analysis or studies of osmotic pressure .

There are therefore some techniques of measurement preferred by the engineer or other materials user as giving the information he or she needs in design , whereas different techniques may be used by the materials scientist in probing the microstructure and molecular structure of the material .
there are therefore some [ways] of measurement preferred by the engineer or other materials user as giving the information he or she needs in design , whereas different [ways] may be used by the materials scientist in probing the microstructure and molecular structure of the material .

Sometimes these techniques are the same , but very often , and particularly in polymers , they are not .
sometimes these [ways] are the same , but very often , and particularly in polymers , they are not .

Three techniques have been used to determine mechanical properties of solids by ultrasonics .
three [ways] have been used to determine mechanical properties of solids by ultrasonics .

Indeed we may speak of a ‘ new culture ’ created by modern communications , which affects everyone , particularly the younger generation , and is itself largely the result of technological advances which have created ‘ new ways of communicating , with new languages , new techniques and a new psychology ’ ( cf .
indeed we may speak of a ‘ new culture ’ created by modern communications , which affects everyone , particularly the younger generation , and is itself largely the result of technological advances which have created ‘ new ways of communicating , with new languages , new [ways] and a new psychology ’ ( cf .

Other techniques have been developed to enhance bile duct clearance including mechanical lithotripsy , electrohydraulic lithotripsy , chemical dissolution using methylterbutylether through a biliary catheter , extracorporeal shockwave lithotripsy and laser fragmentation .
other [ways] have been developed to enhance bile duct clearance including mechanical lithotripsy , electrohydraulic lithotripsy , chemical dissolution using methylterbutylether through a biliary catheter , extracorporeal shockwave lithotripsy and laser fragmentation .

This may be caused by the use of different techniques , for example , continuous rectal filling with a certain infusion rate up to the maximal tolerable volume .
this may be caused by the use of different [ways] , for example , continuous rectal filling with a certain infusion rate up to the maximal tolerable volume .

This was comparable with the interpatient variation reported by others using laser Doppler , venous outflow collection , and isotope clearance techniques in the gastrointestinal tract .
this was comparable with the interpatient variation reported by others using laser doppler , venous outflow collection , and isotope clearance [ways] in the gastrointestinal tract .

Various techniques to promote reflux while imaging have been attempted , such as abdominal cuffing , in which a binder is placed over the abdomen and the pressure is increased by inflating it with air .
various [ways] to promote reflux while imaging have been attempted , such as abdominal cuffing , in which a binder is placed over the abdomen and the pressure is increased by inflating it with air .

To overcome these problems , techniques have recently been developed that permit prolonged recordings ( 24 hours or more ) of myoelectrical and contractile activity of the human colon , with both perfused and solid-state manometric systems .
to overcome these problems , [ways] have recently been developed that permit prolonged recordings ( 24 hours or more ) of myoelectrical and contractile activity of the human colon , with both perfused and solid-state manometric systems .

Agarose gel electrophoresis , ribonucleic acid transfer , and hybridisation of blots were performed by standard techniques .
agarose gel electrophoresis , ribonucleic acid transfer , and hybridisation of blots were performed by standard [ways] .

We feel therefore that imaging techniques are required in this situation .
we feel therefore that imaging [ways] are required in this situation .

Development of successful primary culture techniques for mammalian cells , have permitted the study of basic molecular mechanisms governing physiological and pathological cellular processes .
development of successful primary culture [ways] for mammalian cells , have permitted the study of basic molecular mechanisms governing physiological and pathological cellular processes .

Central to the application of these techniques in renewal tissues has been the isolation and maintenance ex vivo of progenitor or pluripotent stem cells , which by definition have the capacity for both self maintenance and for production of distinct functional cell lineages .
central to the application of these [ways] in renewal tissues has been the isolation and maintenance ex vivo of progenitor or pluripotent stem cells , which by definition have the capacity for both self maintenance and for production of distinct functional cell lineages .

Comprehension of stem cell biology of specific tissues has aided development of the above methods and may be approporiate for development of similar techniques , for the small bowel .
comprehension of stem cell biology of specific tissues has aided development of the above methods and may be approporiate for development of similar [ways] , for the small bowel .

To study changes in rectal mucosa that might be attribtable to the effects of gluten , rectal biopsy specimens from untreated and treated gluten sensitised subjects were analysed morphometrically and by immunohistochemical techniques and were compared with a series of disease control mucosae .
to study changes in rectal mucosa that might be attribtable to the effects of gluten , rectal biopsy specimens from untreated and treated gluten sensitised subjects were analysed morphometrically and by immunohistochemical [ways] and were compared with a series of disease control mucosae .

Although morphometry showed increased populations of plasma cells , lymphocytes , and mast cells in the mucosae of untreated patients , which were reduced ( except for mast cells ) by dietary gluten restriction , immunohistochemical techniques were far more sensitive in defining these changes .
although morphometry showed increased populations of plasma cells , lymphocytes , and mast cells in the mucosae of untreated patients , which were reduced ( except for mast cells ) by dietary gluten restriction , immunohistochemical [ways] were far more sensitive in defining these changes .

The data also show that immunohistochemical techniques were much better than histological analysis , despite measurements performed on 1 µm epon sections observed under oil-immersion opics .
the data also show that immunohistochemical [ways] were much better than histological analysis , despite measurements performed on 1 µm epon sections observed under oil-immersion opics .

Informed written consent was obtained and the experimental techniques were approved by the Salford Health Authority Ethics Committee .
informed written consent was obtained and the experimental [ways] were approved by the salford health authority ethics committee .

Several lobules of small tubuloacinar glands drain into a common duct that leads to the surface of the squamous epithelium , and with histological techniques , use of acid toluidine blue has identified irregular longitudinal rows of ductal ostia in the human oesophagus .
several lobules of small tubuloacinar glands drain into a common duct that leads to the surface of the squamous epithelium , and with histological [ways] , use of acid toluidine blue has identified irregular longitudinal rows of ductal ostia in the human oesophagus .

Perfusion techniques have been used to investigate secretion and absorption in the human gut in vivo .
perfusion [ways] have been used to investigate secretion and absorption in the human gut in vivo .

This may be a difficult question to answer , and indeed these techniques may not be comparable , unless one could simultaneously measure function and visualise the squamous columnar junction , which is very difficult .
this may be a difficult question to answer , and indeed these [ways] may not be comparable , unless one could simultaneously measure function and visualise the squamous columnar junction , which is very difficult .

Success of extracorporeal shock wave lithotripsy was mitigated by the increasing importance of laparoscopic cholecystectomy , and in comparing new techniques projected costs must be analysed .
success of extracorporeal shock wave lithotripsy was mitigated by the increasing importance of laparoscopic cholecystectomy , and in comparing new [ways] projected costs must be analysed .

These cases can usually be rapidly identified and diagnosed using non-invasive techniques such as ultrasound or computed tomography , and since the prognosis of these patients is so poor , management shuld be directed towards symptomatic relief alone .
these cases can usually be rapidly identified and diagnosed using non-invasive [ways] such as ultrasound or computed tomography , and since the prognosis of these patients is so poor , management shuld be directed towards symptomatic relief alone .

Insight into abnormalities of transit and pressure activity in constipation or diarrhoea has been obtained with these techniques .
insight into abnormalities of transit and pressure activity in constipation or diarrhoea has been obtained with these [ways] .

However , application of molecular biological techniques has recently uielded information regarding the molecular structure of these transport systems .
however , application of molecular biological [ways] has recently uielded information regarding the molecular structure of these transport systems .

Yet another advance has been the application of molecular biological techniques to the study of gastrointestinal acid-base transport systems .
yet another advance has been the application of molecular biological [ways] to the study of gastrointestinal acid-base transport systems .

In the event of a discrepancy between the two techniques , decisions about the presence or absence of recurrent stones were based on oral cholecystectography rather than on ultrasonagraphy .
in the event of a discrepancy between the two [ways] , decisions about the presence or absence of recurrent stones were based on oral cholecystectography rather than on ultrasonagraphy .

In the results section , however , the outcome is shown based on both imaging techniques .
in the results section , however , the outcome is shown based on both imaging [ways] .

The overall gall stone recurrence rates , independent of treatment , are considered in three ways based on different diagnostic techniques : ( i ) according to the trial criteria ( mainly oral cholecystectography — see above ) ; ( ii ) ultrasonagraphy alone ; and ( iii ) either method .
the overall gall stone recurrence rates , independent of treatment , are considered in three ways based on different diagnostic [ways] : ( i ) according to the trial criteria ( mainly oral cholecystectography — see above ) ; ( ii ) ultrasonagraphy alone ; and ( iii ) either method .

Comparative sensitivity of different imaging techniques in detecting gall stone recurrence — Ultrasound detected gall stone recurrence earlier and more frequently than did either the trial criteria or oral cholecystectography alone ( Fig 3 ) .
comparative sensitivity of different imaging [ways] in detecting gall stone recurrence — ultrasound detected gall stone recurrence earlier and more frequently than did either the trial criteria or oral cholecystectography alone ( fig 3 ) .

In 16 patients who had had both imaging techniques , gall stones recurrence was identified simultaneously in only five .
in 16 patients who had had both imaging [ways] , gall stones recurrence was identified simultaneously in only five .

One possibility is that some patients thought to be stone free may , in reality , have had residual debris despite our use of the best available techniques ( ultrasonagraphy+oral cholecystectography ) to ‘ confirm ’ complete gall stone dissolution .
one possibility is that some patients thought to be stone free may , in reality , have had residual debris despite our use of the best available [ways] ( ultrasonagraphy+oral cholecystectography ) to ‘ confirm ’ complete gall stone dissolution .

This electrical control activity can be detected by electrodes placed surgically in the bowel wall or by electrodes placed against the mucosal surface by intubation techniques .
this electrical control activity can be detected by electrodes placed surgically in the bowel wall or by electrodes placed against the mucosal surface by intubation [ways] .

The latter suffers from unstable mucosal contact , although the use of improved fixation techniques such as magnetic stabilisation has reduced this problem .
the latter suffers from unstable mucosal contact , although the use of improved fixation [ways] such as magnetic stabilisation has reduced this problem .

The invasive nature of intubation techniques , however , restricts its usefulness in pediatric practice .
the invasive nature of intubation [ways] , however , restricts its usefulness in pediatric practice .

The advent of powerful desktop computers and the introduction of the technique of running spectal analysis by Van der Schee has allowed objective analysis of the recorded signals , superceding the use of visual analysis techniques .
the advent of powerful desktop computers and the introduction of the technique of running spectal analysis by van der schee has allowed objective analysis of the recorded signals , superceding the use of visual analysis [ways] .

The course taught the correct techniques .
the course taught the correct [ways] .

Surgeons , for example , could change their techniques and some of their equipment or materials , and use surgical staples or adhesives instead of sharp and potentially hazardous needles and thread .
surgeons , for example , could change their [ways] and some of their equipment or materials , and use surgical staples or adhesives instead of sharp and potentially hazardous needles and thread .

The information pack includes a free new booklet , ‘ Getting to Grips with Manual Handling ’ , which briefly describes the main legal requirements and gives guidance on when risk assessments are needed , on simple and cost-effective steps that might be taken to reduce risk and on handling techniques .
the information pack includes a free new booklet , ‘ getting to grips with manual handling ’ , which briefly describes the main legal requirements and gives guidance on when risk assessments are needed , on simple and cost-effective steps that might be taken to reduce risk and on handling [ways] .

There is some evidence that the incidence of radiation bowel disease has increased in recent years as a result of changes in long established techniques .
there is some evidence that the incidence of radiation bowel disease has increased in recent years as a result of changes in long established [ways] .

The techniques of indium-111 labelled neutrophils and chromium-51 red cells are well described and are accurate , specific , and sensitive methods for quantitating intestinal inflammation and blood loss .
the [ways] of indium-111 labelled neutrophils and chromium-51 red cells are well described and are accurate , specific , and sensitive methods for quantitating intestinal inflammation and blood loss .

Population studies of gastric acid secretion in children at risk from undernutrition are clearly not possible using conventional intubation techniques .
population studies of gastric acid secretion in children at risk from undernutrition are clearly not possible using conventional intubation [ways] .

All other established techniques involve the measurement of luminal acidity in response to varied stimuli , none of which can be considered to be truly physiological .
all other established [ways] involve the measurement of luminal acidity in response to varied stimuli , none of which can be considered to be truly physiological .

Biopsy specimens were fixed in formalin and examined using haematoxylin and eosin , Giemsa , and Warthin-Starry staining techniques .
biopsy specimens were fixed in formalin and examined using haematoxylin and eosin , giemsa , and warthin-starry staining [ways] .

The molecular techniques used are reproducible and highly discriminatory .
the molecular [ways] used are reproducible and highly discriminatory .

Although various endoscopic treatments have been developed in the past 10 years , heat probe thermocoagulation and multipolar electrocoagulation are the two most promising techniques for treating bleeding peptic ulcers .
although various endoscopic treatments have been developed in the past 10 years , heat probe thermocoagulation and multipolar electrocoagulation are the two most promising [ways] for treating bleeding peptic ulcers .

Analysis of oncogenes and tumour suppressor genesmay provide a better guide to tumour behaviour than conventional techniques .
analysis of oncogenes and tumour suppressor genesmay provide a better guide to tumour behaviour than conventional [ways] .

Early studies supporting this concept were done using suboptimal techniques on small numbers of subjects , most of whom were hospital inpatients or outpatients with a variety of medical conditions , rather than healthy asymptomatic subjects .
early studies supporting this concept were done using suboptimal [ways] on small numbers of subjects , most of whom were hospital inpatients or outpatients with a variety of medical conditions , rather than healthy asymptomatic subjects .

The use of simultaneous 24 hour intraoesophageal pH measurement and four channel manometry , objective and highly reproducible techniques for assessing acid reflux and oesophageal motor function , allowed us to find whether the effect of treatment onoesophageal pH was attributable to changes in oesophageal body motility .
the use of simultaneous 24 hour intraoesophageal ph measurement and four channel manometry , objective and highly reproducible [ways] for assessing acid reflux and oesophageal motor function , allowed us to find whether the effect of treatment onoesophageal ph was attributable to changes in oesophageal body motility .

Although these techniques are valuable for transport studies , they provide little information on the biological properties of the gall bladder epithelial cell itself .
although these [ways] are valuable for transport studies , they provide little information on the biological properties of the gall bladder epithelial cell itself .

The cells were fixed in 48 % glutaraldehyde for 24 hours , then fixed in osmium tetroxide , and stained with uranyl acetate on nickel grids using standard techniques .
the cells were fixed in 48 % glutaraldehyde for 24 hours , then fixed in osmium tetroxide , and stained with uranyl acetate on nickel grids using standard [ways] .

Oesophageal transit measured by scintigraphic techniques has similarly been shown to be slower in this condition .
oesophageal transit measured by scintigraphic [ways] has similarly been shown to be slower in this condition .

Early studies using crude fibrinolytic activity assays and histochemical fibrin slide techniques revealed plasminogen activators to be present in cancer tissue and cell lines obtained from the oral cavity and stomach .
early studies using crude fibrinolytic activity assays and histochemical fibrin slide [ways] revealed plasminogen activators to be present in cancer tissue and cell lines obtained from the oral cavity and stomach .

Molecular techniques are now being applied to the clinical diagnosis of infections after much use in the experimental field .
molecular [ways] are now being applied to the clinical diagnosis of infections after much use in the experimental field .

Why use these techniques when to many conventional methods such as culture and serology are available ?
why use these [ways] when to many conventional methods such as culture and serology are available ?

Other molecular techniques are making their impact feclt in microbiology .
other molecular [ways] are making their impact feclt in microbiology .

This would , or course , only be justified for serious disease , but if more benign targetting techniques could be devised , it might be possible to use the liver as a target tissue for any interaction with serum metabolites , such as cholesterol .
this would , or course , only be justified for serious disease , but if more benign targetting [ways] could be devised , it might be possible to use the liver as a target tissue for any interaction with serum metabolites , such as cholesterol .

Most of these studies , however , comprised patient populations treated by varying surgical techniques , in the period before our study .
most of these studies , however , comprised patient populations treated by varying surgical [ways] , in the period before our study .

While the antigen ( s ) seems to be proteinaceous , the failure to identify a consistent band on western blotting suggests the antigen ( s ) may be very labile and therefore destroyed or denatured by the lysis or the western blot techniques .
while the antigen ( s ) seems to be proteinaceous , the failure to identify a consistent band on western blotting suggests the antigen ( s ) may be very labile and therefore destroyed or denatured by the lysis or the western blot [ways] .

Bile acids may be mutagenic , but some of the techniques used have been questioned .
bile acids may be mutagenic , but some of the [ways] used have been questioned .

Again differences in analytical techniques , patient selection , and other variables makes the interpretation of some of these studies difficult .
again differences in analytical [ways] , patient selection , and other variables makes the interpretation of some of these studies difficult .

These limitations , which have the potential to bias the results , are concerned with the techniques used to select patients for study , the methods used to ensure a representative sample of oesophageal mucosal diseases , and the technique employed for diagnosing the presence or absence of hiatal hernia .
these limitations , which have the potential to bias the results , are concerned with the [ways] used to select patients for study , the methods used to ensure a representative sample of oesophageal mucosal diseases , and the technique employed for diagnosing the presence or absence of hiatal hernia .

Immunohistological methods of assessing cell proliferation have particular advantages over other techniques because of the maintenance of cellular and tissue architecture , the relative simplicity of the methodology , and the rapidity of results .
immunohistological methods of assessing cell proliferation have particular advantages over other [ways] because of the maintenance of cellular and tissue architecture , the relative simplicity of the methodology , and the rapidity of results .

Using immunomorphological techniques , smooth muscle antibodies with antiactin specificity visualise the microfilamentous component of the cell cytoskeleton .
using immunomorphological [ways] , smooth muscle antibodies with antiactin specificity visualise the microfilamentous component of the cell cytoskeleton .

The use of endoscopic biopsy specimens in histopathological diagnosis and of imaging techniques in staging disease extent avoids the need for laparotomy and gastrectomy which consequently can be reserved for a minority of cases .
the use of endoscopic biopsy specimens in histopathological diagnosis and of imaging [ways] in staging disease extent avoids the need for laparotomy and gastrectomy which consequently can be reserved for a minority of cases .

Lesser degrees of hyposplenism can be detected by other techniques including the clearance of isotopically labelled heated erythrocytes or differential interference contrast microscopy .
lesser degrees of hyposplenism can be detected by other [ways] including the clearance of isotopically labelled heated erythrocytes or differential interference contrast microscopy .

The Group recognises the importance of continuing to invest in research and development programmes bringing improvements to the Group both in products supplied to the consumer and in production techniques .
the group recognises the importance of continuing to invest in research and development programmes bringing improvements to the group both in products supplied to the consumer and in production [ways] .

Despite this , further investment has been made in automating welding techniques , the benefits of which will be apparent when the company secures larger volumes of work .
despite this , further investment has been made in automating welding [ways] , the benefits of which will be apparent when the company secures larger volumes of work .

Initially , the techniques will be presented in a world of certainty .
initially , the [ways] will be presented in a world of certainty .

Having outlined the basic techniques for evaluating securities , we may now remove the assumption of certainty .
having outlined the basic [ways] for evaluating securities , we may now remove the assumption of certainty .

We can now build on the techniques presented in the last section to examine two contentious issues in investment ( and corporate ) finance .
we can now build on the [ways] presented in the last section to examine two contentious issues in investment ( and corporate ) finance .

We are particularly interested in how you support people to become self-monitoring , self-objective and the kind of tools and techniques they have available to them .
we are particularly interested in how you support people to become self-monitoring , self-objective and the kind of tools and [ways] they have available to them .

The effect of analysis techniques on the ranking of investments is shown in Table 4.9 where it can be seen that each method produces a different ranking .
the effect of analysis [ways] on the ranking of investments is shown in table 4.9 where it can be seen that each method produces a different ranking .

The planning and monitoring techniques described in this chapter are aimed at aiding the achievement of these conditions .
the planning and monitoring [ways] described in this chapter are aimed at aiding the achievement of these conditions .

One of the earliest resource planning techniques , due to Henry Gantt in 1903 , is illustrated in Figure 6.3 .
one of the earliest resource planning [ways] , due to henry gantt in 1903 , is illustrated in figure 6.3 .

X-ray techniques were well understood and the mathematical basis for Hounsfield 's approach had been established in 1917 by the Austrian Radon .
x-ray [ways] were well understood and the mathematical basis for hounsfield 's approach had been established in 1917 by the austrian radon .

For the first time , archaeologists have been able to study in detail the techniques used by post-medieval builders to construct the typical ‘ cob ’ houses for which the West Country is famous .
for the first time , archaeologists have been able to study in detail the [ways] used by post-medieval builders to construct the typical ‘ cob ’ houses for which the west country is famous .

The new techniques were used to ‘ improve ’ existing therapy , while fundamental research into the causes of diabetes has only recently begun to yield important results .
the new [ways] were used to ‘ improve ’ existing therapy , while fundamental research into the causes of diabetes has only recently begun to yield important results .

Anyone who has heard the dialect of the Bronx , New Orleans or Albuquerque will be able to affirm the failure of those techniques .
anyone who has heard the dialect of the bronx , new orleans or albuquerque will be able to affirm the failure of those [ways] .

For example , subjects ( which can be people or , with suitable techniques , animals ) are asked whether two complex shapes , presented in different orientations , are or are not the same .
for example , subjects ( which can be people or , with suitable [ways] , animals ) are asked whether two complex shapes , presented in different orientations , are or are not the same .

Recent studies rely on the one hand on techniques of transplanting tissues , or cells , or even individual genes , from one site to another , and on the other of identifying the genes concerned in particular processes .
recent studies rely on the one hand on [ways] of transplanting tissues , or cells , or even individual genes , from one site to another , and on the other of identifying the genes concerned in particular processes .

Others , visiting Paris , would sit in Notre Dame to observe the pulpit techniques of French preachers although the listeners would have found it impossible to order a bifteck from a tolerant waiter .
others , visiting paris , would sit in notre dame to observe the pulpit [ways] of french preachers although the listeners would have found it impossible to order a bifteck from a tolerant waiter .

Certainly , the multi-studio techniques used for the famous 1959 Decca Aida were meat and drink to Karajan ; and although he sometimes thought he knew more than he did , occasionally putting paid to expensive equipment , his mastery was of an order not previously seen in a working musician .
certainly , the multi-studio [ways] used for the famous 1959 decca aida were meat and drink to karajan ; and although he sometimes thought he knew more than he did , occasionally putting paid to expensive equipment , his mastery was of an order not previously seen in a working musician .

Before him lies a dark , trackless , formless , chaotic field , which he probes with the antennae of his techniques and ideas , seeking by his action to transform it into pure presence .
before him lies a dark , trackless , formless , chaotic field , which he probes with the antennae of his [ways] and ideas , seeking by his action to transform it into pure presence .

As mentioned in Chapter 10 under ‘ Parallax ’ , the techniques perfected during the 1939–45 War for taking synchronous photographs are now performed automatically by satellites .
as mentioned in chapter 10 under ‘ parallax ’ , the [ways] perfected during the 1939–45 war for taking synchronous photographs are now performed automatically by satellites .

One flaw in the techniques of vertical thinking is that they proceed from the known into the unknown .
one flaw in the [ways] of vertical thinking is that they proceed from the known into the unknown .

It is as though the information , induced and deduced by the techniques , were observed through tinted spectacles that obscure certain types of information .
it is as though the information , induced and deduced by the [ways] , were observed through tinted spectacles that obscure certain types of information .

Although you can shrink a hall by various techniques , it is not ideal .
although you can shrink a hall by various [ways] , it is not ideal .

They had learned the principles and techniques necessary to focus all the attention onto the VIPs , and to make it easy for presenters , audiences and the news media .
they had learned the principles and [ways] necessary to focus all the attention onto the vips , and to make it easy for presenters , audiences and the news media .

While councils were defining the central doctrines of the faith , the Fathers of the fourth and fifth centuries were bringing the conceptual equipment of antique thought and the rhetorical techniques of classical literature to its exposition and interpretation .
while councils were defining the central doctrines of the faith , the fathers of the fourth and fifth centuries were bringing the conceptual equipment of antique thought and the rhetorical [ways] of classical literature to its exposition and interpretation .

However , this volume , which appeared in 1916 , can remind us how techniques of archaeology have changed over this century , since the volume included hardly any of the small and often illegible coins which have been found and published in the more recent ( 1981 ) volume of Sardis finds .
however , this volume , which appeared in 1916 , can remind us how [ways] of archaeology have changed over this century , since the volume included hardly any of the small and often illegible coins which have been found and published in the more recent ( 1981 ) volume of sardis finds .

Along life 's way you pick up little techniques that help you control your behaviour , get your own way , become strong-willed .
along life 's way you pick up little [ways] that help you control your behaviour , get your own way , become strong-willed .

It just so happens that some people get taught or pick up techniques without too much problem ( because of circumstances and the people they interact with and learn from ) but some individuals simply do not get exposed to the right experiences to learn these things in quite the same way .
it just so happens that some people get taught or pick up [ways] without too much problem ( because of circumstances and the people they interact with and learn from ) but some individuals simply do not get exposed to the right experiences to learn these things in quite the same way .

Modern refining techniques mean that for every barrel of crude oil refined , there will be a split between diesel and petrol fuels that can only be varied a small amount .
modern refining [ways] mean that for every barrel of crude oil refined , there will be a split between diesel and petrol fuels that can only be varied a small amount .

However , the engine should be quieter because of new noise reduction techniques isolating the rocker box cover .
however , the engine should be quieter because of new noise reduction [ways] isolating the rocker box cover .

What he discovered is that these ‘ disciplines ’ were not really about uncovering truth for its own sake ; the ‘ knowledge ’ they generated was inseparable from and instrumental in ‘ techniques of domination ’ .
what he discovered is that these ‘ disciplines ’ were not really about uncovering truth for its own sake ; the ‘ knowledge ’ they generated was inseparable from and instrumental in ‘ [ways] of domination ’ .

The narwhal has developed other techniques to capture its food , such as sucking or blowing .
the narwhal has developed other [ways] to capture its food , such as sucking or blowing .

The development of sophisticated photographic techniques and new technologies like DNA-fingerprinting have encouraged an increasing number of cetacean studies in the wild , gathering information not only from a wider range of species , but also in a wider range of contexts and environments .
the development of sophisticated photographic [ways] and new technologies like dna-fingerprinting have encouraged an increasing number of cetacean studies in the wild , gathering information not only from a wider range of species , but also in a wider range of contexts and environments .

In 1981 , the fishing industry lobbied for changes in the Act , asserting that the goal of zero mortality would be satisfied by the ‘ application of safety techniques and equipment that are economically and technologically feasible .
in 1981 , the fishing industry lobbied for changes in the act , asserting that the goal of zero mortality would be satisfied by the ‘ application of safety [ways] and equipment that are economically and technologically feasible .

Commercial gill-net fisheries should be phased out wherever suitable alternative techniques are available .
commercial gill-net fisheries should be phased out wherever suitable alternative [ways] are available .

Some plugged into the energy and popularity of rock ' n ' roll ; others borrowed techniques from contemporary classical music .
some plugged into the energy and popularity of rock ' n ' roll ; others borrowed [ways] from contemporary classical music .

The party has been using some bright capitalist techniques to get itself in election-fighting mettle .
the party has been using some bright capitalist [ways] to get itself in election-fighting mettle .

The early travellers who returned from all parts of the world with new recipes and ideas for incorporating herbs and spices did much to widen the knowledge of cheesemaking techniques .
the early travellers who returned from all parts of the world with new recipes and ideas for incorporating herbs and spices did much to widen the knowledge of cheesemaking [ways] .

Much of the equipment — and many of the management techniques — now supplying troops in the desert are the same as those working in factories back at home .
much of the equipment — and many of the management [ways] — now supplying troops in the desert are the same as those working in factories back at home .

The most infuriating charge was that the health service was different from business and therefore did not need the benefit of the techniques that had been developed in business and industry .
the most infuriating charge was that the health service was different from business and therefore did not need the benefit of the [ways] that had been developed in business and industry .

Were the necessary factors to be applied , would there not be a great upsurge of outside experience and help , from Nordic cold-weather techniques , Israeli water-usage , Japanese capital and many trained young people eager to meet modern challenges ?
were the necessary factors to be applied , would there not be a great upsurge of outside experience and help , from nordic cold-weather [ways] , israeli water-usage , japanese capital and many trained young people eager to meet modern challenges ?

It provides a series of rules and techniques for ensuring that each piece of information is stored in only one place in the database .
it provides a series of rules and [ways] for ensuring that each piece of information is stored in only one place in the database .

Object-oriented programming offers techniques for boosting efficiency and hiding complexity .
object-oriented programming offers [ways] for boosting efficiency and hiding complexity .

Computer-aided design companies , by contrast , have concentrated on tapping the speed offered by object-oriented techniques in assembling and modifying vast quantities of blueprints and design data .
computer-aided design companies , by contrast , have concentrated on tapping the speed offered by object-oriented [ways] in assembling and modifying vast quantities of blueprints and design data .

New and simple techniques of rehydration make most deaths — except of the very young and old — preventable .
new and simple [ways] of rehydration make most deaths — except of the very young and old — preventable .

The story of the Polgars is therefore much more one of educational techniques , a unique and deliberate experiment in environmental conditioning , than it is of chess .
the story of the polgars is therefore much more one of educational [ways] , a unique and deliberate experiment in environmental conditioning , than it is of chess .

His laconic manner concealed an immense energy in the mastery of techniques .
his laconic manner concealed an immense energy in the mastery of [ways] .

He claims that adopting certain Buddhist practices and yoga techniques has helped him find peace of mind .
he claims that adopting certain buddhist practices and yoga [ways] has helped him find peace of mind .

‘ We want a boat that gives a good grounding in trapeze and spinnaker techniques , in all weather conditions , but that is n't too demanding for youngsters joining the class .
‘ we want a boat that gives a good grounding in trapeze and spinnaker [ways] , in all weather conditions , but that is n't too demanding for youngsters joining the class .

Pauper pedigree studies totally lost their credibility because of criticism based on more sophisticated mathematical and statistical techniques im ported from Germany .
pauper pedigree studies totally lost their credibility because of criticism based on more sophisticated mathematical and statistical [ways] im ported from germany .

Some therapists have extended this to such controversial techniques as ‘ re-parenting ’ , in which patients are urged to reject their parents and adopt the therapists .
some therapists have extended this to such controversial [ways] as ‘ re-parenting ’ , in which patients are urged to reject their parents and adopt the therapists .

Modern farming techniques have diminished the number and quality of the wetlands which remain .
modern farming [ways] have diminished the number and quality of the wetlands which remain .

In my experience schools are very bad at teaching the exam techniques that give this sort of child confidence .
in my experience schools are very bad at teaching the exam [ways] that give this sort of child confidence .

Add to this some newly-evolved simple techniques , and this year we can work according to the calendar , independent of the weather .
add to this some newly-evolved simple [ways] , and this year we can work according to the calendar , independent of the weather .

The same techniques and ground preparation suits them , though of course the fleece has to be removed when the seedlings are up .
the same [ways] and ground preparation suits them , though of course the fleece has to be removed when the seedlings are up .

Using new ‘ viral engineering ’ techniques , researchers would use the protein ‘ coat ’ of the Aids virus but remove harmful genes wrapped inside it .
using new ‘ viral engineering ’ [ways] , researchers would use the protein ‘ coat ’ of the aids virus but remove harmful genes wrapped inside it .

Only traditional cultivation techniques are used .
only traditional cultivation [ways] are used .

That we look not for detailed application of single techniques in a piecemeal fashion , but rather that we look for the general developments from which we can build school specific approaches which translate the experience into usable school practice .
that we look not for detailed application of single [ways] in a piecemeal fashion , but rather that we look for the general developments from which we can build school specific approaches which translate the experience into usable school practice .

The major management concern according to Peters is not a concern with techniques but rather a concern with people , and with the division between management and non-management .
the major management concern according to peters is not a concern with [ways] but rather a concern with people , and with the division between management and non-management .

Strategic planning tasks such as the setting of aims may be seen as essentially a people/politics-rich area where sophisticated techniques are not appropriate .
strategic planning tasks such as the setting of aims may be seen as essentially a people/politics-rich area where sophisticated [ways] are not appropriate .

At the tactical level there are planning techniques and technologies which may prove valuable , for example the use of clash tables and computerised timetable systems .
at the tactical level there are planning [ways] and technologies which may prove valuable , for example the use of clash tables and computerised timetable systems .

These techniques can be found in a variety of texts , for example Dobson et al .
these [ways] can be found in a variety of texts , for example dobson et al .

The use of active learning , experiential training techniques so that skills are developed in a non-threatening environment .
the use of active learning , experiential training [ways] so that skills are developed in a non-threatening environment .

There are techniques , then , for minimizing damage to the Earth 's waterways , even though we may choose to exploit them .
there are [ways] , then , for minimizing damage to the earth 's waterways , even though we may choose to exploit them .

Fishing techniques can have a devastating effect on marine life .
fishing [ways] can have a devastating effect on marine life .

We need to develop techniques to allow tourists to see animals and plants , without destroying them ; to devise systems of farming that deliberately create opportunities for wildlife , and to design our cities with wildlife in mind .
we need to develop [ways] to allow tourists to see animals and plants , without destroying them ; to devise systems of farming that deliberately create opportunities for wildlife , and to design our cities with wildlife in mind .

In their extreme forms the ‘ techniques ’ school would have it that an actor 's performance is detached from his own feelings during performance , that he represents a distillation of what he understands of the character 's feelings ; the Stanislavkian actor , on the other hand , becomes emotionally involved as he performs his role .
in their extreme forms the ‘ [ways] ’ school would have it that an actor 's performance is detached from his own feelings during performance , that he represents a distillation of what he understands of the character 's feelings ; the stanislavkian actor , on the other hand , becomes emotionally involved as he performs his role .

Protective techniques
protective [ways]

We are establishing an ethical committee to look at the effects of advanced techniques in animal breeding .
we are establishing an ethical committee to look at the effects of advanced [ways] in animal breeding .

Large seeds , such as sweet peas , are easily spaced by hand , but other techniques are needed for finer seeds .
large seeds , such as sweet peas , are easily spaced by hand , but other [ways] are needed for finer seeds .

Knowledge of coaching techniques and how learning occurs .
knowledge of coaching [ways] and how learning occurs .

Specific techniques that each require your attention and practice include : questioning ; discussing ; listening ; summarizing ; delegating ; appraising and observing .
specific [ways] that each require your attention and practice include : questioning ; discussing ; listening ; summarizing ; delegating ; appraising and observing .

Problem people may justify the use of some or all of the following techniques :
problem people may justify the use of some or all of the following [ways] :

There are broadly four key areas to become familiar with when dealing in statistics and then there are some specific techniques you can profitably learn . You need to understand in broad terms :
there are broadly four key areas to become familiar with when dealing in statistics and then there are some specific [ways] you can profitably learn . you need to understand in broad terms :

when to use and when to refrain from using certain basic statistical techniques .
when to use and when to refrain from using certain basic statistical [ways] .

At the other end , a training manager may occasionally use some basic sampling methods and various evaluation techniques incorporating statistical methods .
at the other end , a training manager may occasionally use some basic sampling methods and various evaluation [ways] incorporating statistical methods .

Confidence that you can understand and benefit from using statistical techniques in a particular situation
confidence that you can understand and benefit from using statistical [ways] in a particular situation

The techniques mentioned above are well explained in the recommended reading and there is no substitute for practising the skills on the job .
the [ways] mentioned above are well explained in the recommended reading and there is no substitute for practising the skills on the job .

This may stem partly from ignorance about specific techniques but some of it goes back further to past failures at school with arithmetic .
this may stem partly from ignorance about specific [ways] but some of it goes back further to past failures at school with arithmetic .

Many of the techniques listed earlier help identify these patterns .
many of the [ways] listed earlier help identify these patterns .

To discover in more detail what information is relevant to the needs of employees requires a systematic investigation , often on a continuous basis . Various techniques available to managers include :
to discover in more detail what information is relevant to the needs of employees requires a systematic investigation , often on a continuous basis . various [ways] available to managers include :

For example , to maintain channels of communication both upwards and downwards ; to monitor their effectiveness and advise on any necessary improvements ; to refine and advise on messages from senior management to employees ; to advise staff on communication techniques and messages .
for example , to maintain channels of communication both upwards and downwards ; to monitor their effectiveness and advise on any necessary improvements ; to refine and advise on messages from senior management to employees ; to advise staff on communication [ways] and messages .

message to be communicated is best conveyed using a variety of visual and aural techniques
message to be communicated is best conveyed using a variety of visual and aural [ways]

There are innumerable guides to public speaking that offer advice not only on preparing the material but how to make your voice resonant , ways to use your eyes in order to hold your audience , microphone techniques , and so on .
there are innumerable guides to public speaking that offer advice not only on preparing the material but how to make your voice resonant , ways to use your eyes in order to hold your audience , microphone [ways] , and so on .

And remember , it is not necessary to be asleep in order to refresh your mind and body ; you simply need to be mentally and physically relaxed — and there are techniques you can learn to help you achieve this .
and remember , it is not necessary to be asleep in order to refresh your mind and body ; you simply need to be mentally and physically relaxed — and there are [ways] you can learn to help you achieve this .

Because this treatment is a holistic therapy , the person as a whole will be treated rather than a specific problem area and this treatment often involves a combination of techniques , such as dietary therapy , water treatment , hot or cold water packs and massage .
because this treatment is a holistic therapy , the person as a whole will be treated rather than a specific problem area and this treatment often involves a combination of [ways] , such as dietary therapy , water treatment , hot or cold water packs and massage .

It also includes the use of meditation and visualisation techniques .
it also includes the use of meditation and visualisation [ways] .

In the next chapter you will find exercises and techniques which will enable you to improve your mental agility .
in the next chapter you will find exercises and [ways] which will enable you to improve your mental agility .

These are two simple techniques which may help you .
these are two simple [ways] which may help you .

For the most part it consists of a series of simple techniques combined with a new way of looking at the subject .
for the most part it consists of a series of simple [ways] combined with a new way of looking at the subject .

The rest of it can be reduced to a combination of techniques and practice .
the rest of it can be reduced to a combination of [ways] and practice .

Discovering new treatments and techniques in the fight against cancer is the aim of the Tenovus research teams .
discovering new treatments and [ways] in the fight against cancer is the aim of the tenovus research teams .

She 'd been using these for years , ever since a practical demonstration by an art-school technician fired her to experiment with felting techniques .
she 'd been using these for years , ever since a practical demonstration by an art-school technician fired her to experiment with felting [ways] .

Many people practice relaxation techniques , take a long soak in a bath of warm ( not hot or cold ) water , or have a quiet read in bed before turning out the light .
many people practice relaxation [ways] , take a long soak in a bath of warm ( not hot or cold ) water , or have a quiet read in bed before turning out the light .

Although many of the massage techniques in this illustrated guide are for two people to practise on each other , as you can clearly see from the simple techniques over the page , massage is something that you can successfully achieve alone .
although many of the massage [ways] in this illustrated guide are for two people to practise on each other , as you can clearly see from the simple [ways] over the page , massage is something that you can successfully achieve alone .

Nor does the book confine itself to a run-down of the different massage strokes ; it also ventures in to the territory of relaxation tips , body awareness exercises and meditation techniques to instill a sense of calm .
nor does the book confine itself to a run-down of the different massage strokes ; it also ventures in to the territory of relaxation tips , body awareness exercises and meditation [ways] to instill a sense of calm .

Drayton Controls offers such a system which claims to have overcome the line noise problems experienced by earlier mains-data-line techniques .
drayton controls offers such a system which claims to have overcome the line noise problems experienced by earlier mains-data-line [ways] .

Allen-Martin includes in its range advanced energy management systems using techniques such as sonic sensors to determine when a room is occupied , but the company also has a more down-to-earth suggestion .
allen-martin includes in its range advanced energy management systems using [ways] such as sonic sensors to determine when a room is occupied , but the company also has a more down-to-earth suggestion .

These two techniques , and the addition of steel side or cross-rods respectively to strengthen individual beams or entire joisted floors at mid-span , all involve the substitution of metal for overstressed wood in the part of the member that is subject to tensile stress .
these two [ways] , and the addition of steel side or cross-rods respectively to strengthen individual beams or entire joisted floors at mid-span , all involve the substitution of metal for overstressed wood in the part of the member that is subject to tensile stress .

If such techniques appear to have been used , the structure should be regarded as suspect , because all reputable Victorian engineers were aware of the risks of making connections by these methods .
if such [ways] appear to have been used , the structure should be regarded as suspect , because all reputable victorian engineers were aware of the risks of making connections by these methods .

They have been on exercise for a week , learning and practising the techniques of counterrevolutionary warfare in a rural setting .
they have been on exercise for a week , learning and practising the [ways] of counterrevolutionary warfare in a rural setting .

It started early for some with a trip to just north of the Scottish border to practise demolition techniques .
it started early for some with a trip to just north of the scottish border to practise demolition [ways] .

Confidence is the most important thing when applying make-up and you must experiment with new colours , techniques and brands until you find what suits you .
confidence is the most important thing when applying make-up and you must experiment with new colours , [ways] and brands until you find what suits you .

He also imported cameramen , make-up staff and editors from Europe and America , so that those working at the studio could learn the more advanced techniques .
he also imported cameramen , make-up staff and editors from europe and america , so that those working at the studio could learn the more advanced [ways] .

You do n't want to lose what you have worked so long to achieve , so beware of hard-sell techniques .
you do n't want to lose what you have worked so long to achieve , so beware of hard-sell [ways] .

Their debut album provides a fine introduction to a pair who avoid grand production techniques , preferring clear vocals , a good tune and simple accompaniments .
their debut album provides a fine introduction to a pair who avoid grand production [ways] , preferring clear vocals , a good tune and simple accompaniments .

It is worth mentioning the techniques by which a minority of respondents sought to impose limits from below .
it is worth mentioning the [ways] by which a minority of respondents sought to impose limits from below .

Such techniques were therefore popular amongst the work-shy , as other officers explained .
such [ways] were therefore popular amongst the work-shy , as other officers explained .

Other stalling techniques are also deployed to detain them in the station on such days ( prolonging station business , extended conversations in parts of the station where they are less visible to management , carrying messages , and so on ) .
other stalling [ways] are also deployed to detain them in the station on such days ( prolonging station business , extended conversations in parts of the station where they are less visible to management , carrying messages , and so on ) .

Again , the Lions combination which won the series against Australia was — despite differences in the forwards ' techniques — essentially England and Scotland plus Robert Jones .
again , the lions combination which won the series against australia was — despite differences in the forwards ' [ways] — essentially england and scotland plus robert jones .

Furthermore , artists who are also critics are especially likely to make vivid comments on the methods and techniques of old art .
furthermore , artists who are also critics are especially likely to make vivid comments on the methods and [ways] of old art .

Modern art historians strive to analyze , interpret , and evaluate works of art by identifying their materials and techniques , makers , time and place of creation , and meaning or function .
modern art historians strive to analyze , interpret , and evaluate works of art by identifying their materials and [ways] , makers , time and place of creation , and meaning or function .

They even attacked art — especially ‘ modern art ’ — but while they made fun of the pre-War Cubists , Expressionists and futurists , they borrowed and transformed many of the principles and techniques of these earlier movements .
they even attacked art — especially ‘ modern art ’ — but while they made fun of the pre-war cubists , expressionists and futurists , they borrowed and transformed many of the principles and [ways] of these earlier movements .

The only virtue of these latter newspaper techniques is to bring an event to the attention of a reader .
the only virtue of these latter newspaper [ways] is to bring an event to the attention of a reader .

There are some aspects of a work of art which can be measured , for example its size , natural or chemical composition , and some facts can be discovered about works through specialist techniques such as infra-red photography .
there are some aspects of a work of art which can be measured , for example its size , natural or chemical composition , and some facts can be discovered about works through specialist [ways] such as infra-red photography .

There will probably also be some classes in radio , television and film techniques and perhaps singing too , but by far the largest proportion of time will be allotted to the production exercise which is part of every term 's work .
there will probably also be some classes in radio , television and film [ways] and perhaps singing too , but by far the largest proportion of time will be allotted to the production exercise which is part of every term 's work .

Most schools now offer classes on radio , television and film techniques .
most schools now offer classes on radio , television and film [ways] .

Drama school is n't going to teach anybody to act but it does give the vital techniques with which to act and gives you a chance to make mistakes , experiment and find out about yourself .
drama school is n't going to teach anybody to act but it does give the vital [ways] with which to act and gives you a chance to make mistakes , experiment and find out about yourself .

But many of the techniques which computers are enabling us to exploit are not new .
but many of the [ways] which computers are enabling us to exploit are not new .

Another exciting window on the mind seemed to open up in Chicago in the 1950s when Nathaniel Kleitman and Bill Dement began using the techniques of electroencephalography to investigate sleep .
another exciting window on the mind seemed to open up in chicago in the 1950s when nathaniel kleitman and bill dement began using the [ways] of electroencephalography to investigate sleep .

Work such as that of Young et al ( 1988 ) has even shown us how something that was traditionally assumed to be as intangible and subjective as the nature of conscious awareness itself can be disrupted by physical damage to the brain and can be successfully studied by the observational techniques of cognitive psychology .
work such as that of young et al ( 1988 ) has even shown us how something that was traditionally assumed to be as intangible and subjective as the nature of conscious awareness itself can be disrupted by physical damage to the brain and can be successfully studied by the observational [ways] of cognitive psychology .

First of all , there have been important advances in experimental methods : single cell recordings with exquisitely fine electrodes ; novel methods of imaging the internal structure of neurons and the connections between them ; cell culture techniques permitting the growth and development of nervous systems to be studied in great detail ; and sophisticated computational and statistical analysis of data permitting better mathematical modelling of large and small scale events in the nervous system and its functional connections .
first of all , there have been important advances in experimental methods : single cell recordings with exquisitely fine electrodes ; novel methods of imaging the internal structure of neurons and the connections between them ; cell culture [ways] permitting the growth and development of nervous systems to be studied in great detail ; and sophisticated computational and statistical analysis of data permitting better mathematical modelling of large and small scale events in the nervous system and its functional connections .

New surgical techniques mean a hospital stay of less than 48 hours .
new surgical [ways] mean a hospital stay of less than 48 hours .

Instructors and senior pilots have a big responsibility to pass on their experience and knowledge and to look out for poor airmanship and flying techniques in others which could lead to mishaps in the future .
instructors and senior pilots have a big responsibility to pass on their experience and knowledge and to look out for poor airmanship and flying [ways] in others which could lead to mishaps in the future .

Most gliding clubs have a system of re-checking pilots during the first few hours of solo flying , but then pilots are left very much to their own devices to improve their soaring techniques .
most gliding clubs have a system of re-checking pilots during the first few hours of solo flying , but then pilots are left very much to their own devices to improve their soaring [ways] .

Some have been due to the aircraft getting into a new mode of spin , but others have been due to poor recovery techniques .
some have been due to the aircraft getting into a new mode of spin , but others have been due to poor recovery [ways] .

’ Commented Al Purdy , ‘ with ( this book ) Cohen brought to near perfection the techniques and rhythms of his first book ’ ; Eli Mandel — one of Canada 's most astute critics — speaks of it as ‘ a kind of gloss ’ to the Sabbath service , noting its rich diversity in subject and tone , and emphasising that it is ‘ not a random collection of lyrics .
’ commented al purdy , ‘ with ( this book ) cohen brought to near perfection the [ways] and rhythms of his first book ’ ; eli mandel — one of canada 's most astute critics — speaks of it as ‘ a kind of gloss ’ to the sabbath service , noting its rich diversity in subject and tone , and emphasising that it is ‘ not a random collection of lyrics .

the most often scored techniques , explaining why they scored
the most often scored [ways] , explaining why they scored

why techniques failed to score when you felt they should have
why [ways] failed to score when you felt they should have

If you and the opponent land scoring techniques on each other at precisely the same time , then neither score will be given .
if you and the opponent land scoring [ways] on each other at precisely the same time , then neither score will be given .

Some referees appear to see only one half of a pair of techniques and , while reverse punches are seldom missed , snap punches to the face often are .
some referees appear to see only one half of a pair of [ways] and , while reverse punches are seldom missed , snap punches to the face often are .

Where the points score is equal , a decision can still be given if the panel thinks that one contestant used better techniques , used a greater variety of effective techniques , or made more of the running .
where the points score is equal , a decision can still be given if the panel thinks that one contestant used better [ways] , used a greater variety of effective [ways] , or made more of the running .

Prohibited techniques
prohibited [ways]

Certain techniques are , by their nature , prohibited .
certain [ways] are , by their nature , prohibited .

The ascending scale of penalties described above is also used for all other prohibited techniques and actions .
the ascending scale of penalties described above is also used for all other prohibited [ways] and actions .

Hip mobility is essential if you are to make the maximum use of effective kicking techniques
hip mobility is essential if you are to make the maximum use of effective kicking [ways]

Even during flurries of techniques , both hands remain on their respective sides of the centre-line .
even during flurries of [ways] , both hands remain on their respective sides of the centre-line .

Circular techniques do not produce the same flinch and are correspondingly less effective at disguising a follow-up .
circular [ways] do not produce the same flinch and are correspondingly less effective at disguising a follow-up .

This is an important point given that otherwise effective techniques sometimes fail to score because they are delivered without a shout .
this is an important point given that otherwise effective [ways] sometimes fail to score because they are delivered without a shout .

There are two main requirements for these last two techniques .
there are two main requirements for these last two [ways] .

Foot sweeps and hooks are essential techniques in the repertoire of the would-be karate champion .
foot sweeps and hooks are essential [ways] in the repertoire of the would-be karate champion .

Combination techniques
combination [ways]

Perform combination techniques on the move so that you are able to work effectively in a retreating as well as an advancing mode .
perform combination [ways] on the move so that you are able to work effectively in a retreating as well as an advancing mode .

Remember that the competitor who can use all his limbs equally well is able to use a complete range of techniques .
remember that the competitor who can use all his limbs equally well is able to use a complete range of [ways] .

Though you may pick up some new techniques , the national squads are basically designed to select already gifted karateka rather than teach karate tactics or techniques .
though you may pick up some new [ways] , the national squads are basically designed to select already gifted karateka rather than teach karate tactics or [ways] .

More techniques are taught and there is ample opportunity to demonstrate your ability .
more [ways] are taught and there is ample opportunity to demonstrate your ability .

Do not bandage too tightly but arrange it so that you can move your ankle sufficiently to use foot techniques .
do not bandage too tightly but arrange it so that you can move your ankle sufficiently to use foot [ways] .

Try to fight in the lightest category you can manage without heavy dieting because , theoretically , the heavier you are within the weight limit , the more power you can pack into techniques .
try to fight in the lightest category you can manage without heavy dieting because , theoretically , the heavier you are within the weight limit , the more power you can pack into [ways] .

Amnesty groups ' work responded to the challenge with new techniques such as networks focusing on abuses in specific areas of the world and campaigns on whole countries or themes .
amnesty groups ' work responded to the challenge with new [ways] such as networks focusing on abuses in specific areas of the world and campaigns on whole countries or themes .

Such classificatory techniques and use of social binaries seem all too obvious in police practice and undoubtedly enhance ideological barriers and present further opportunities for the powerful to encourage their agents in the police to pursue bigotry and authoritarian measures in their contests with the dispossessed .
such classificatory [ways] and use of social binaries seem all too obvious in police practice and undoubtedly enhance ideological barriers and present further opportunities for the powerful to encourage their agents in the police to pursue bigotry and authoritarian measures in their contests with the dispossessed .

If the philosophical discontinuity Foucault describes is truly occurring , then an inside or reflexive exploration of police practice should reveal the strength of these divisive classificatory techniques , for any binary separation of man by his contemporaries into the non-human categories suggested by Leach ( 1982 ) is the very stuff of anthropology .
if the philosophical discontinuity foucault describes is truly occurring , then an inside or reflexive exploration of police practice should reveal the strength of these divisive classificatory [ways] , for any binary separation of man by his contemporaries into the non-human categories suggested by leach ( 1982 ) is the very stuff of anthropology .

It should come as no surprise , therefore , to find that most insider participant observation of policing is almost always confined to discussion on management techniques and to the implementation of new systems .
it should come as no surprise , therefore , to find that most insider participant observation of policing is almost always confined to discussion on management [ways] and to the implementation of new systems .

Their need for thick-lensed ‘ John Lennon ’ spectacles implies they are physically imperfect as they slouch or lean against props ; for these lazy , untidy creatures have techniques of the body which reveal major structuring principles of police thinking .
their need for thick-lensed ‘ john lennon ’ spectacles implies they are physically imperfect as they slouch or lean against props ; for these lazy , untidy creatures have [ways] of the body which reveal major structuring principles of police thinking .

This ancient Chinese process is a fish preserving method comparable to smoking , and is just one of the techniques that catering students from the Norwich Hotel School will soon be taught .
this ancient chinese process is a fish preserving method comparable to smoking , and is just one of the [ways] that catering students from the norwich hotel school will soon be taught .

Jermey 's aim is not to turn out chefs who can produce Chinese wedding feasts , but adventurous chefs who can borrow techniques where appropriate and incorporate them into their own style : ‘ They 'll see new ways of finishing dishes , new combinations of flavours . ’
jermey 's aim is not to turn out chefs who can produce chinese wedding feasts , but adventurous chefs who can borrow [ways] where appropriate and incorporate them into their own style : ‘ they 'll see new ways of finishing dishes , new combinations of flavours . ’

Xu 's generation is now categorised as ‘ middle-age ’ — chefs who have gained their qualification through professional training which enhances areas of traditional standards and techniques passed down through the generations .
xu 's generation is now categorised as ‘ middle-age ’ — chefs who have gained their qualification through professional training which enhances areas of traditional standards and [ways] passed down through the generations .

Spoonerisms : Bertie Somme is planning spooncarving classes in September , teaching techniques for making functional spoons .
spoonerisms : bertie somme is planning spooncarving classes in september , teaching [ways] for making functional spoons .

Last year the judges debated at length how to mark entries that did not follow the drawings to the letter , but showed evidence of good economical production turning techniques .
last year the judges debated at length how to mark entries that did not follow the drawings to the letter , but showed evidence of good economical production turning [ways] .

With a sharp edge this method of power carving offers a degree of control more difficult to achieve with conventional carving techniques .
with a sharp edge this method of power carving offers a degree of control more difficult to achieve with conventional carving [ways] .

The miniature class shows a spread of subject matter and techniques .
the miniature class shows a spread of subject matter and [ways] .

It can often be enhanced by introducing some of the techniques discussed under ‘ grain markings ’ above .
it can often be enhanced by introducing some of the [ways] discussed under ‘ grain markings ’ above .

But as time went on he realised he could not convey how the style had evolved without understanding the techniques at first hand .
but as time went on he realised he could not convey how the style had evolved without understanding the [ways] at first hand .

For woodworkers inspired by furniture and cabinetmaking , the September issue of Woodworker will be filled with potential projects , ideas and techniques .
for woodworkers inspired by furniture and cabinetmaking , the september issue of woodworker will be filled with potential projects , ideas and [ways] .

This rather bald account has left out the intense excitement felt by both sexes , the progression to orgasm and the various positions and techniques that may be used .
this rather bald account has left out the intense excitement felt by both sexes , the progression to orgasm and the various positions and [ways] that may be used .

Part 11 consists of a series of more advanced lectures , building on the theory and techniques introduced in part 1 .
part 11 consists of a series of more advanced lectures , building on the theory and [ways] introduced in part 1 .

It might almost have been planned deliberately by a machiavellian priesthood trained in deep psychological indoctrination techniques .
it might almost have been planned deliberately by a machiavellian priesthood trained in deep psychological indoctrination [ways] .

Although they were all very different ( Boy spent a lot of time noticing the differences in their physiques , techniques , cars and living rooms ) , they were also all the same in one respect .
although they were all very different ( boy spent a lot of time noticing the differences in their physiques , [ways] , cars and living rooms ) , they were also all the same in one respect .

Modern counselling techniques can mislead us even further , as we turn to our ‘ paid friend ’ for advice about our problems .
modern counselling [ways] can mislead us even further , as we turn to our ‘ paid friend ’ for advice about our problems .

It was the triumphant and majestic application of the techniques perfected by Joseph Paxton for the Crystal Palace ( 1851 ) , an arching rib-cage of iron to support a skin-covering of glass , admitting light but excluding the elements .
it was the triumphant and majestic application of the [ways] perfected by joseph paxton for the crystal palace ( 1851 ) , an arching rib-cage of iron to support a skin-covering of glass , admitting light but excluding the elements .

Even if the building is in poor repair , modern building techniques are able to solve many structural problems that were deemed insoluble some years ago .
even if the building is in poor repair , modern building [ways] are able to solve many structural problems that were deemed insoluble some years ago .

Progress was easier because many new techniques were available .
progress was easier because many new [ways] were available .

It seems incredible that they were allowed to go up and jump out without any rudimentary training in landing techniques .
it seems incredible that they were allowed to go up and jump out without any rudimentary training in landing [ways] .

So long as there is one copy somewhere modern techniques of microphotography can make the text widely and rapidly available if there is a demand for it .
so long as there is one copy somewhere modern [ways] of microphotography can make the text widely and rapidly available if there is a demand for it .

It enables adaptation of plants and animals to human purposes that would be beyond the reach of traditional breeding techniques ; an example is the insertion of toxin genes from bacteria into plants to give them an in-built system for poisoning pests .
it enables adaptation of plants and animals to human purposes that would be beyond the reach of traditional breeding [ways] ; an example is the insertion of toxin genes from bacteria into plants to give them an in-built system for poisoning pests .

Some techniques for international marketing research
some [ways] for international marketing research

Comparisons between countries might be based on qualitative judgement , but a variety of quantitative techniques can be used for analysis .
comparisons between countries might be based on qualitative judgement , but a variety of quantitative [ways] can be used for analysis .

Some of the simpler techniques will be mentioned later .
some of the simpler [ways] will be mentioned later .

Some techniques for international marketing research
some [ways] for international marketing research

There are several techniques that might be used in international marketing research that would not normally be used for research into ‘ domestic ’ markets .
there are several [ways] that might be used in international marketing research that would not normally be used for research into ‘ domestic ’ markets .

Some techniques will be described here .
some [ways] will be described here .

Statistical techniques can be used to compare survey data ( primary data ) collected in one country with survey data from another country , in order to test for similarities or differences between the countries .
statistical [ways] can be used to compare survey data ( primary data ) collected in one country with survey data from another country , in order to test for similarities or differences between the countries .

Some of the simpler techniques are mentioned here .
some of the simpler [ways] are mentioned here .

It might be apparent to you from a description of marketing research techniques that many of these techniques depend on comparisons between different countries . For effective and useful comparisons to be made :
it might be apparent to you from a description of marketing research [ways] that many of these [ways] depend on comparisons between different countries . for effective and useful comparisons to be made :

The first calls for psephological analysis , using modern statistical techniques , of the 1931 general election .
the first calls for psephological analysis , using modern statistical [ways] , of the 1931 general election .

His somewhat thankless task was to attempt to introduce private-sector techniques into the Civil Service by setting up the Property Services Agency .
his somewhat thankless task was to attempt to introduce private-sector [ways] into the civil service by setting up the property services agency .

The important issue for me as chairman throughout that period was to remember that once the Prime Minister had said that Westland was a private-sector problem which must be solved by private-sector measures and techniques , one 's interests were obviously the shareholders , the employees , the customers and the banks , since the company was heavily indebted .
the important issue for me as chairman throughout that period was to remember that once the prime minister had said that westland was a private-sector problem which must be solved by private-sector measures and [ways] , one 's interests were obviously the shareholders , the employees , the customers and the banks , since the company was heavily indebted .

Yet it is hardly likely that even if links had been made a ramshackle group of peasant armies using antiquated military techniques could have stood out for long against the Red Army .
yet it is hardly likely that even if links had been made a ramshackle group of peasant armies using antiquated military [ways] could have stood out for long against the red army .

the friars discovered that the Indians were deeply impressed by sacred images created with the newest artistic techniques brought from the Old World …
the friars discovered that the indians were deeply impressed by sacred images created with the newest artistic [ways] brought from the old world …

here , the pressure of population growth within the confines of a small island of only 29 square miles led to the development of an innovatory , intensive system based on very effective soil conservation techniques — including the integration of fodder and arable crops and livestock .
here , the pressure of population growth within the confines of a small island of only 29 square miles led to the development of an innovatory , intensive system based on very effective soil conservation [ways] — including the integration of fodder and arable crops and livestock .

Now , in the bitter 1980s they found themselves facing the impact of annual cuts in real funding , and pressures to apply new codes of managerial techniques and short-term profit-making out of tune with the traditional practices of British universities .
now , in the bitter 1980s they found themselves facing the impact of annual cuts in real funding , and pressures to apply new codes of managerial [ways] and short-term profit-making out of tune with the traditional practices of british universities .

Oystercatchers use their bright orange bills to open shellfish , but use two distinct types of opening techniques .
oystercatchers use their bright orange bills to open shellfish , but use two distinct types of opening [ways] .

Subsequent chapters are devoted to mastering various techniques and manoeuvres .
subsequent chapters are devoted to mastering various [ways] and manoeuvres .

Quality ? The Orientals are masters of the art of the illusion of quality , nice fit and finish of trim , while employing cost-cutting techniques deep inside the car where they are not readily apparent .
quality ? the orientals are masters of the art of the illusion of quality , nice fit and finish of trim , while employing cost-cutting [ways] deep inside the car where they are not readily apparent .

This combination of various voices , including the choric , makes the fifth section distinctly dramatic in its fragmentation , and , clearly deriving from the techniques employed in The Waste Land , also paves the way for the fragmentary drama of Sweeney Agonistes .
this combination of various voices , including the choric , makes the fifth section distinctly dramatic in its fragmentation , and , clearly deriving from the [ways] employed in the waste land , also paves the way for the fragmentary drama of sweeney agonistes .

More interestingly , Eliot returns to employing music-hall techniques at times reminiscent of Sweeney Agonistes and the ‘ Marie Lloyd ’ essay which had pointed out how music hall encouraged sympathetic collaboration between performer and audience .
more interestingly , eliot returns to employing music-hall [ways] at times reminiscent of sweeney agonistes and the ‘ marie lloyd ’ essay which had pointed out how music hall encouraged sympathetic collaboration between performer and audience .

There are , of course , various techniques of privatization .
there are , of course , various [ways] of privatization .

This chapter uses two techniques to investigate media influence .
this chapter uses two [ways] to investigate media influence .

These new techniques brought about an increase in the things which people needed to control for production , especially land , herds , tools , and even the slaves who became of importance at this stage .
these new [ways] brought about an increase in the things which people needed to control for production , especially land , herds , tools , and even the slaves who became of importance at this stage .

Rome and Greece , for Engels , develop classes ( slaves ) in response to the development of agricultural techniques and the growth of manufacturing , both of which cause an increase in the division of labour .
rome and greece , for engels , develop classes ( slaves ) in response to the development of agricultural [ways] and the growth of manufacturing , both of which cause an increase in the division of labour .

For example , the Eskimos , who as hunters and fishermen are right at the bottom of Marx 's and Engels 's technological scale , have a kinship terminology which does not classify relatives any more than the English system does — a sign for Morgan of the presence of monogamy — while the Malays , who have possessed for a very long time highly advanced agricultural techniques , use a kinship terminology which Morgan and Engels associated with the earliest stages of evolution .
for example , the eskimos , who as hunters and fishermen are right at the bottom of marx 's and engels 's technological scale , have a kinship terminology which does not classify relatives any more than the english system does — a sign for morgan of the presence of monogamy — while the malays , who have possessed for a very long time highly advanced agricultural [ways] , use a kinship terminology which morgan and engels associated with the earliest stages of evolution .

Why not create an exhibition centre inside a perfectly restored exterior for exhibitions of all that is best in furnishings in National Trust ownership - a Burrell within a Claverton ? There could be exhibitions of the best tapestries and textiles , the finest portraiture , the most outstanding silver ; or the best of a certain period drawn together from National Trust houses ; and perhaps linked displays on craftmanship , techniques , restoration and conservation .
why not create an exhibition centre inside a perfectly restored exterior for exhibitions of all that is best in furnishings in national trust ownership - a burrell within a claverton ? there could be exhibitions of the best tapestries and textiles , the finest portraiture , the most outstanding silver ; or the best of a certain period drawn together from national trust houses ; and perhaps linked displays on craftmanship , [ways] , restoration and conservation .

In addition , they promote fast-track , prefabricated building techniques that further restrict the architect 's freedom .
in addition , they promote fast-track , prefabricated building [ways] that further restrict the architect 's freedom .

This booklet focuses on using tissue analysis , which depends on metal accumulation , to monitor heavy metal levels , but also mentions the use of bioassays and toxicity tests and the measurement of genetic tolerance and community structure ( these methods are based on techniques other than accumulation ) .
this booklet focuses on using tissue analysis , which depends on metal accumulation , to monitor heavy metal levels , but also mentions the use of bioassays and toxicity tests and the measurement of genetic tolerance and community structure ( these methods are based on [ways] other than accumulation ) .

For advanced protein modelling , techniques such as sequence homology mapping , geometric fragment searching and replacement , and local geometry regularisation are invaluable .
for advanced protein modelling , [ways] such as sequence homology mapping , geometric fragment searching and replacement , and local geometry regularisation are invaluable .

This is because other techniques , by themselves , are either inadequate ( eg pump-and-treat ) , do not permanently solve the problem ( eg immobilisation or containment ) , or have the potential to be very expensive ( eg incineration ) .
this is because other [ways] , by themselves , are either inadequate ( eg pump-and-treat ) , do not permanently solve the problem ( eg immobilisation or containment ) , or have the potential to be very expensive ( eg incineration ) .

All bioremediation techniques involve using microorganisms to degrade the pollutants , and the use of microorganisms has emerged as one of the most promising technologies for treating contaminated groundwater .
all bioremediation [ways] involve using microorganisms to degrade the pollutants , and the use of microorganisms has emerged as one of the most promising technologies for treating contaminated groundwater .

The combination of biological treatment with physicochemical techniques .
the combination of biological treatment with physicochemical [ways] .

Of these bioremediation techniques , doing nothing is ( of course ) the least expensive , but may not be environmentally , politically , or socially acceptable .
of these bioremediation [ways] , doing nothing is ( of course ) the least expensive , but may not be environmentally , politically , or socially acceptable .

it is inexpensive compared with other treatment techniques ;
it is inexpensive compared with other treatment [ways] ;

Their production staff is experienced in a wide variety of techniques including but not limited to ; acylation , alkylation , amination , bioconversion chlorosulfonation , condensation , conjugation , dehydration , diazotisation , esterification , Grignard methods , halogenation , hydroboration , hydrogenation , oxidation , peptide synthesis , phosgenation , quaternisation , reduction , saponification and sulfonation .
their production staff is experienced in a wide variety of [ways] including but not limited to ; acylation , alkylation , amination , bioconversion chlorosulfonation , condensation , conjugation , dehydration , diazotisation , esterification , grignard methods , halogenation , hydroboration , hydrogenation , oxidation , peptide synthesis , phosgenation , quaternisation , reduction , saponification and sulfonation .

Hickson & Welch Ltd is a world leader in nitration technology , with expertise in sulphonation , chlorination , phosgenation , catalytic hydrogenation , heterocyclic chemistry plus other techniques .
hickson & welch ltd is a world leader in nitration technology , with expertise in sulphonation , chlorination , phosgenation , catalytic hydrogenation , heterocyclic chemistry plus other [ways] .

Again , although not guaranteed to be foolproof , the basic philosophy of the techniques described should provide a good starting point for the work of others .
again , although not guaranteed to be foolproof , the basic philosophy of the [ways] described should provide a good starting point for the work of others .

Chapter 2 : The state of the natural environment in the Union Republics and selected regions of the country covers the scientific principles of new techniques and technologies to ensure the ecological safety of national economic complexes and includes the concept of a regional system of ecological safety as applied in the Urals ; trends of change in the natural environment of Siberia and associated ecological studies ; ecological challenges in Byelorussia and scientific solutions , and some pressing ecological problems in the Ukraine .
chapter 2 : the state of the natural environment in the union republics and selected regions of the country covers the scientific principles of new [ways] and technologies to ensure the ecological safety of national economic complexes and includes the concept of a regional system of ecological safety as applied in the urals ; trends of change in the natural environment of siberia and associated ecological studies ; ecological challenges in byelorussia and scientific solutions , and some pressing ecological problems in the ukraine .

Not too many recent books have specifically attempted to provide an introduction to the interpretation of the spectra produced by the title techniques when applied to inorganic compounds .
not too many recent books have specifically attempted to provide an introduction to the interpretation of the spectra produced by the title [ways] when applied to inorganic compounds .

The afternoon session began with a lecture by Professor Brian Heaton ( Liverpool ) , on how the mechanisms of certain important metal-catalysed industrial processes are now being understood using modern spectroscopic techniques .
the afternoon session began with a lecture by professor brian heaton ( liverpool ) , on how the mechanisms of certain important metal-catalysed industrial processes are now being understood using modern spectroscopic [ways] .

Advice was available from the socio-economic advisers of the Advisory Services but training might well be provided in the techniques of grant application , building skills for ‘ kit ’ house erection , and on the detailed legal , financial and management problems of handing over the farm .
advice was available from the socio-economic advisers of the advisory services but training might well be provided in the [ways] of grant application , building skills for ‘ kit ’ house erection , and on the detailed legal , financial and management problems of handing over the farm .

Confidence will play a vital role in most projects undertaken with training courses possibly providing an aid to both production and marketing techniques .
confidence will play a vital role in most projects undertaken with training courses possibly providing an aid to both production and marketing [ways] .

One farmer in North Wales admitted that it was his wife who had trained him in lambing techniques after having been on a training course .
one farmer in north wales admitted that it was his wife who had trained him in lambing [ways] after having been on a training course .

However , without the attendance of a senior member of the family and his appreciation of the value of the training , the younger members might not be able to put their training to best use or to introduce new techniques or ideas on to the farm .
however , without the attendance of a senior member of the family and his appreciation of the value of the training , the younger members might not be able to put their training to best use or to introduce new [ways] or ideas on to the farm .

Examples of the satisfaction gained ranged from ‘ being able to use condition scoring techniques to monitor feeding of the ewes ’ to ‘ being able to undertake major welding repairs and construct an ‘ A-frame ’ structure for a roof '' .
examples of the satisfaction gained ranged from ‘ being able to use condition scoring [ways] to monitor feeding of the ewes ’ to ‘ being able to undertake major welding repairs and construct an ‘ a-frame ’ structure for a roof '' .

The range of subject matter suitable for updating knowledge and skills could be more limited than above , e. g. high tensile fencing ; new machines , particularly tractors , and changes in materials and techniques .
the range of subject matter suitable for updating knowledge and skills could be more limited than above , e. g. high tensile fencing ; new machines , particularly tractors , and changes in materials and [ways] .

They needed , therefore , a greater awareness of financial management techniques .
they needed , therefore , a greater awareness of financial management [ways] .

Possible ways of improving the situation included : the provision of a welfare scheme of holiday and sickness relief like that in Norway ; the identification and training of a farmer substitute ; and the provision of alternative work techniques and better handling facilities .
possible ways of improving the situation included : the provision of a welfare scheme of holiday and sickness relief like that in norway ; the identification and training of a farmer substitute ; and the provision of alternative work [ways] and better handling facilities .

As well as the mixed delights of the Glasgow Fair and a wee burst of the cholera mixed in with bread riots , the 1850s saw giant strides in the techniques of battleship-building , and the amount of noise that could be generated in the interests of progress .
as well as the mixed delights of the glasgow fair and a wee burst of the cholera mixed in with bread riots , the 1850s saw giant strides in the [ways] of battleship-building , and the amount of noise that could be generated in the interests of progress .

From an increasing understanding of soils and how to improve their nutrient status for increased plant production and associated work , a number of techniques have been developed for the reclamation of hill land ( 6 ) .
from an increasing understanding of soils and how to improve their nutrient status for increased plant production and associated work , a number of [ways] have been developed for the reclamation of hill land ( 6 ) .

The effects of a range of techniques suitable for unimproved rough grazings are shown in Table 3 .
the effects of a range of [ways] suitable for unimproved rough grazings are shown in table 3 .

But it is extremely difficult to predict the developments in market demands and production techniques which will occur in the next 25 years and which might contribute to determining the size of each of these industries .
but it is extremely difficult to predict the developments in market demands and production [ways] which will occur in the next 25 years and which might contribute to determining the size of each of these industries .

Although these techniques developed by Sibbald et al ( 25 ) using a computer programme to determine the optimum allocation of land to agriculture and forestry make it possible to reach a more objective decision about the allocation of land to agriculture or forestry in an integrated scheme we , as yet , know little or nothing about the impact of agriculture or forest development on rural communities .
although these [ways] developed by sibbald et al ( 25 ) using a computer programme to determine the optimum allocation of land to agriculture and forestry make it possible to reach a more objective decision about the allocation of land to agriculture or forestry in an integrated scheme we , as yet , know little or nothing about the impact of agriculture or forest development on rural communities .

Rothman ( 1989 ) extends Bernstein 's critique and suggests that many social workers use manipulative and directive techniques under the guise of self-determination .
rothman ( 1989 ) extends bernstein 's critique and suggests that many social workers use manipulative and directive [ways] under the guise of self-determination .

Wandersman ( 1979b ) outlines five dimensions : the setting and the scale of the activity , the stage in the process at which participation takes place , the identity and the representativeness of the participants , the level of participation ( as described above in Wandersman , 1979a ) , and the different techniques used by the change agent in achieving participation .
wandersman ( 1979b ) outlines five dimensions : the setting and the scale of the activity , the stage in the process at which participation takes place , the identity and the representativeness of the participants , the level of participation ( as described above in wandersman , 1979a ) , and the different [ways] used by the change agent in achieving participation .

All of the dimensions from the literature are measurable , and many of the authors present operative techniques for their measurement .
all of the dimensions from the literature are measurable , and many of the authors present operative [ways] for their measurement .

However , the literature so far described is concerned almost entirely with social work at the micro level : individuals , families and small groups , much of it using techniques that are of little relevance to community work , for example behaviour modification .
however , the literature so far described is concerned almost entirely with social work at the micro level : individuals , families and small groups , much of it using [ways] that are of little relevance to community work , for example behaviour modification .

The lack of specialist knowledge on the part of art historians no longer justifies ignoring certain important scientific techniques given that consultants are available in universities and the chemical industry .
the lack of specialist knowledge on the part of art historians no longer justifies ignoring certain important scientific [ways] given that consultants are available in universities and the chemical industry .

Fresco painting , one of the oldest pictorial techniques , also presents one of the most difficult restoration and preservation challenges .
fresco painting , one of the oldest pictorial [ways] , also presents one of the most difficult restoration and preservation challenges .

Increasingly sophisticated techniques have been used to solve these problems .
increasingly sophisticated [ways] have been used to solve these problems .

It undertook feasibility studies to determine the usefulness of various techniques as applied to frescos and plasterwork .
it undertook feasibility studies to determine the usefulness of various [ways] as applied to frescos and plasterwork .

Last year an exhibition was mounted at the National Gallery , which showed how impressionist paintings were actually made , and investigated the materials and techniques used .
last year an exhibition was mounted at the national gallery , which showed how impressionist paintings were actually made , and investigated the materials and [ways] used .

The laboratory at the National Gallery , under the direction of Dr Ashok Roy , used some of the most sophisticated analytical techniques available to reveal the ‘ secrets ’ of these great painters .
the laboratory at the national gallery , under the direction of dr ashok roy , used some of the most sophisticated analytical [ways] available to reveal the ‘ secrets ’ of these great painters .

Science may not always provide the answers to the problems of studying artists ' techniques , or conservation .
science may not always provide the answers to the problems of studying artists ' [ways] , or conservation .

The team at the Sistine have admitted that the cleaning techniques used involving removal of the solvent gel with large amounts of water has introduced solvent into the fabric of the fresco .
the team at the sistine have admitted that the cleaning [ways] used involving removal of the solvent gel with large amounts of water has introduced solvent into the fabric of the fresco .

An important lesson that has been learnt from the Beck case is that it is time for art historians to stop standing by in cowardice and make responsible evaluations of the restoration techniques used .
an important lesson that has been learnt from the beck case is that it is time for art historians to stop standing by in cowardice and make responsible evaluations of the restoration [ways] used .

It has also prompted laboratory managers to volunteer to carry out unfamiliar analyses , where the techniques involved are not well established .
it has also prompted laboratory managers to volunteer to carry out unfamiliar analyses , where the [ways] involved are not well established .

Would it be worthwhile for each discipline to set up think tanks — if one does not already exist — of their most imaginative scientists , engineers etc , with , perhaps , three remits : ( i ) to identify major problems for which current and foreseeable knowledge offers no solution ; ( ii ) to pinpoint what basic knowledge is needed , what would be the characteristics of the ideal chemical or other material , together with the relevant techniques for using them ; ( iii ) recognising that what is being considered may be so far out of sight as to be beyond worthwhile research based on existing knowledge and know-how , to organise a system that will recognise the first appearance of the new knowledge and then steer research in the right direction without delay .
would it be worthwhile for each discipline to set up think tanks — if one does not already exist — of their most imaginative scientists , engineers etc , with , perhaps , three remits : ( i ) to identify major problems for which current and foreseeable knowledge offers no solution ; ( ii ) to pinpoint what basic knowledge is needed , what would be the characteristics of the ideal chemical or other material , together with the relevant [ways] for using them ; ( iii ) recognising that what is being considered may be so far out of sight as to be beyond worthwhile research based on existing knowledge and know-how , to organise a system that will recognise the first appearance of the new knowledge and then steer research in the right direction without delay .

By using chromatofocusing techniques and enzyme assays , the enzymes involved in the biocontrol action of Trichoderma have been shown to be chitinases .
by using chromatofocusing [ways] and enzyme assays , the enzymes involved in the biocontrol action of trichoderma have been shown to be chitinases .

Molecular mechanics and molecular dynamics are also covered in this chapter but with no mention of the important new perturbation techniques aimed at estimating free energy differences .
molecular mechanics and molecular dynamics are also covered in this chapter but with no mention of the important new perturbation [ways] aimed at estimating free energy differences .

The papers are grouped into seven sections : dietary fibre ; health and the consumer ; the chemistry of dietary fibre ; analytical techniques ; fibre and the small intestine ; fibre and the large intestine ; fibre and lipid metabolism ; and fibre and the food and pharmaceutical industries .
the papers are grouped into seven sections : dietary fibre ; health and the consumer ; the chemistry of dietary fibre ; analytical [ways] ; fibre and the small intestine ; fibre and the large intestine ; fibre and lipid metabolism ; and fibre and the food and pharmaceutical industries .

This book is essential reading for any researcher new to the subject or requiring access to the myriad techniques used and studies undertaken .
this book is essential reading for any researcher new to the subject or requiring access to the myriad [ways] used and studies undertaken .

X-ray diffraction and spectroscopic techniques continue to provide important clues , leading towards an understanding of the remarkable specificity of enzymatic catalysis .
x-ray diffraction and spectroscopic [ways] continue to provide important clues , leading towards an understanding of the remarkable specificity of enzymatic catalysis .

Little attention is given in social work education to team models of practice , team leadership skills , supervisory techniques appropriate for different types of paraprofessionals , etc .
little attention is given in social work education to team models of practice , team leadership skills , supervisory [ways] appropriate for different types of paraprofessionals , etc .

On the other hand , professionals must be trained in group leadership and team building skills , supervisory techniques appropriate for work with paraprofessionals , and methods of conceptualizing and organizing the helping function that enable it to be accomplished by the combined efforts of professionals and paraprofessionals .
on the other hand , professionals must be trained in group leadership and team building skills , supervisory [ways] appropriate for work with paraprofessionals , and methods of conceptualizing and organizing the helping function that enable it to be accomplished by the combined efforts of professionals and paraprofessionals .

They show how the complexity level of the techniques used can be varied to suit the client .
they show how the complexity level of the [ways] used can be varied to suit the client .

It is probable that this was a transitional period , in which cavalry techniques and the use of stirrups were being developed , while the earlier form of the armed group and shield wall was still extensively used .
it is probable that this was a transitional period , in which cavalry [ways] and the use of stirrups were being developed , while the earlier form of the armed group and shield wall was still extensively used .

To gain the upper hand Charles had to repeatedly invade and conquer the four Saxon regions ; he used drastic techniques of extermination and punishment ; he transplanted entire tribes forcibly to weaken any sense of identity and revolution ; he built towns , churches and castles wherever possible , and supported large numbers of Christian missionaries to the pagans by force of arms .
to gain the upper hand charles had to repeatedly invade and conquer the four saxon regions ; he used drastic [ways] of extermination and punishment ; he transplanted entire tribes forcibly to weaken any sense of identity and revolution ; he built towns , churches and castles wherever possible , and supported large numbers of christian missionaries to the pagans by force of arms .

Many windsurfing texts that aim to make you a better sailor explain the skills and techniques you need to master in a ‘ how to do it ’ format , with numerous photographic sequences of the manoeuvres involved .
many windsurfing texts that aim to make you a better sailor explain the skills and [ways] you need to master in a ‘ how to do it ’ format , with numerous photographic sequences of the manoeuvres involved .

After the frantic design years of the early 1980s board design has now settled down to a fairly stable format and it is only construction techniques that are still changing slightly .
after the frantic design years of the early 1980s board design has now settled down to a fairly stable format and it is only construction [ways] that are still changing slightly .

Improving Techniques
improving [ways]

Only competent sailors can take advantage of the mast track , so if you are still mastering other techniques it is best to leave it in the middle and forget about it .
only competent sailors can take advantage of the mast track , so if you are still mastering other [ways] it is best to leave it in the middle and forget about it .

It does not follow that in owning a funboard you should only learn funboard techniques .
it does not follow that in owning a funboard you should only learn funboard [ways] .

This is not so much an attribute but a requirement since , as we shall see later , it is essential for any of the more complicated techniques to be attempted .
this is not so much an attribute but a requirement since , as we shall see later , it is essential for any of the more complicated [ways] to be attempted .

Shorter boards have slightly different techniques .
shorter boards have slightly different [ways] .

The techniques and skills that follow can be performed on all funboards but are best suited to boards under 3.20m as they are more controllable in strong winds .
the [ways] and skills that follow can be performed on all funboards but are best suited to boards under 3.20m as they are more controllable in strong winds .

The developing countries have three needs : to acquire the techniques of energy efficiency , to improve their usership practices in transport , manufacturing industry and agriculture , and to exploit fully their indigenous energy resources .
the developing countries have three needs : to acquire the [ways] of energy efficiency , to improve their usership practices in transport , manufacturing industry and agriculture , and to exploit fully their indigenous energy resources .

Despite the sophisticated techniques involved in enhanced recovery of oil and recovery of heavy oil , both investment and production costs are lower than for tar sands , oil shale and for the renewables .
despite the sophisticated [ways] involved in enhanced recovery of oil and recovery of heavy oil , both investment and production costs are lower than for tar sands , oil shale and for the renewables .

Looking to the future however some significant studies in the storage of electricity must be made before solar generation — or any of the other renewable techniques which can not produce power on demand — will really come into its own .
looking to the future however some significant studies in the storage of electricity must be made before solar generation — or any of the other renewable [ways] which can not produce power on demand — will really come into its own .

They were expert in basic birth techniques and in the laying out of corpses .
they were expert in basic birth [ways] and in the laying out of corpses .

the close-up , fast cutting , the sophistication of modern make-up and special effects techniques , the heightening effect of sound effects and music all combine on the large screen to produce an impact which no other medium can create . ( quoted in Kuhn 1982 , p , 124 )
the close-up , fast cutting , the sophistication of modern make-up and special effects [ways] , the heightening effect of sound effects and music all combine on the large screen to produce an impact which no other medium can create . ( quoted in kuhn 1982 , p , 124 )

Running a farm on green lines will mean much more planning ahead and developing such techniques as homeopathic treatment for sick cows , though as a last resort medication will be given .
running a farm on green lines will mean much more planning ahead and developing such [ways] as homeopathic treatment for sick cows , though as a last resort medication will be given .

Modern drainage and farming techniques make cultivation possible , but with the agreement of local farmers this has not been done and the water level is artificially maintained to protect the wildlife that has developed .
modern drainage and farming [ways] make cultivation possible , but with the agreement of local farmers this has not been done and the water level is artificially maintained to protect the wildlife that has developed .

Other farmers have signed management agreements and accepted annual payments of between £30 and £70 per acre not to use modern farming techniques on the land .
other farmers have signed management agreements and accepted annual payments of between £30 and £70 per acre not to use modern farming [ways] on the land .

Adopting techniques long employed by the solicitors ' profession , the brochure sets out personal accounts of government legal work by serving lawyers .
adopting [ways] long employed by the solicitors ' profession , the brochure sets out personal accounts of government legal work by serving lawyers .

In other respects American firms brought American techniques to bear in the opposite direction .
in other respects american firms brought american [ways] to bear in the opposite direction .

In difficult cases all three techniques might be combined .
in difficult cases all three [ways] might be combined .

In the third and final phase apprentices are trained in advanced guide dog preparation and client instruction techniques .
in the third and final phase apprentices are trained in advanced guide dog preparation and client instruction [ways] .

Exhibits at the show explained the latest breeding techniques , business analysis and how to steer clear of pollution
exhibits at the show explained the latest breeding [ways] , business analysis and how to steer clear of pollution

Spreading slurry above ground with a tanker and splashplate may be quick and easy , but it is n't the most environment-friendly of techniques .
spreading slurry above ground with a tanker and splashplate may be quick and easy , but it is n't the most environment-friendly of [ways] .

What is needed for all application techniques is an accurate , low-cost method of setting and maintaining the spread rate .
what is needed for all application [ways] is an accurate , low-cost method of setting and maintaining the spread rate .

NOx production is substantial too , but controllable by lean-burn techniques and catalysts .
nox production is substantial too , but controllable by lean-burn [ways] and catalysts .

Micropropagation , the technique used to multiply plants in vast numbers from tiny pieces of tissue , can produce more vigorous strawberry plants giving higher yields than conventional propagating techniques , according to American researchers .
micropropagation , the technique used to multiply plants in vast numbers from tiny pieces of tissue , can produce more vigorous strawberry plants giving higher yields than conventional propagating [ways] , according to american researchers .

An illustrated guide to the range of propagation techniques , from cutting and layering to grafting and budding .
an illustrated guide to the range of propagation [ways] , from cutting and layering to grafting and budding .

Any number of plants can be had for free by mastering the techniques described on these pages
any number of plants can be had for free by mastering the [ways] described on these pages

Leaf-bud cuttings : these combine stem and leaf cutting techniques , and can be used with various refinements for subjects such as ficus ( rubber plant ) , camellia , clematis and briar fruits .
leaf-bud cuttings : these combine stem and leaf cutting [ways] , and can be used with various refinements for subjects such as ficus ( rubber plant ) , camellia , clematis and briar fruits .

All grafting techniques depend on preparing matching surfaces at the ends of stock and scion so that they quickly fuse .
all grafting [ways] depend on preparing matching surfaces at the ends of stock and scion so that they quickly fuse .

He charges scientists and corporations involved in it with basic misrepresentation especially when they claim that the techniques are no more than sophisticated extensions of classical breeding skills .
he charges scientists and corporations involved in it with basic misrepresentation especially when they claim that the [ways] are no more than sophisticated extensions of classical breeding skills .

With the help of genetic finger-printing and the composite embryo techniques the experiment involved , extinct species such as the Dodo may once again be brought to life from tissue preserved in museums .
with the help of genetic finger-printing and the composite embryo [ways] the experiment involved , extinct species such as the dodo may once again be brought to life from tissue preserved in museums .

The deep economic depression , particularly of the late 1920s and the early 1930s , may well have discouraged the continued raising of large families and encouraged the greater use of birth-control techniques .
the deep economic depression , particularly of the late 1920s and the early 1930s , may well have discouraged the continued raising of large families and encouraged the greater use of birth-control [ways] .

In addition the development of birth-control techniques provided the opportunity for the above changes of attitudes to be encouraged .
in addition the development of birth-control [ways] provided the opportunity for the above changes of attitudes to be encouraged .

The pro-birth control movement had begun in the late nineteenth century with the formation of the Malthusian League and the trial and work of Annie Besant and Charles Bradlaugh , events which encouraged the dissemination of knowledge about birth-control techniques .
the pro-birth control movement had begun in the late nineteenth century with the formation of the malthusian league and the trial and work of annie besant and charles bradlaugh , events which encouraged the dissemination of knowledge about birth-control [ways] .

Did they in fact have access to the new birth-control methods or did they practice older nineteenth-century birth-control techniques , more suited to the pockets of the working class ?
did they in fact have access to the new birth-control methods or did they practice older nineteenth-century birth-control [ways] , more suited to the pockets of the working class ?

There is ample evidence that in the Victorian and Edwardian ages working-class women were knowledgeable about techniques by which they could control family size .
there is ample evidence that in the victorian and edwardian ages working-class women were knowledgeable about [ways] by which they could control family size .

… knowledge of abortive techniques was widespread in factory districts and spreading due to the interchange of information in the mills , to increase in therapeutic abortions carried out by surgeons , and to the publicity of quacks for their abortifacients .
… knowledge of abortive [ways] was widespread in factory districts and spreading due to the interchange of information in the mills , to increase in therapeutic abortions carried out by surgeons , and to the publicity of quacks for their abortifacients .

If such knowledge and techniques were readily available in pre-war years then it is obvious that the same techniques were known about and used during the inter-war years .
if such knowledge and [ways] were readily available in pre-war years then it is obvious that the same [ways] were known about and used during the inter-war years .

It may be true , as some suggest , that working-class budgets would not stretch to paying for the regular use of new birth-control methods but old , tried and cheap techniques might still be used .
it may be true , as some suggest , that working-class budgets would not stretch to paying for the regular use of new birth-control methods but old , tried and cheap [ways] might still be used .

Indeed , it seems highly likely that working-class families would have controlled family size through the old , rather than new , techniques .
indeed , it seems highly likely that working-class families would have controlled family size through the old , rather than new , [ways] .

The evidence of the 1949 Royal Commission on Population on the use of birth control techniques , recognised to be inadequate on the matter , suggests that only 40 per cent of women married between 1910 and 1919 used some form of birth control at some time in their marriage compared with 66 per cent of those married between 1935 and 1939 .
the evidence of the 1949 royal commission on population on the use of birth control [ways] , recognised to be inadequate on the matter , suggests that only 40 per cent of women married between 1910 and 1919 used some form of birth control at some time in their marriage compared with 66 per cent of those married between 1935 and 1939 .

Arsenic is very volatile and was unobtainable by ancient smelting techniques , but arsenic minerals commonly occur in association with copper ores and an alloy with a few per cent can be obtained by smelting these .
arsenic is very volatile and was unobtainable by ancient smelting [ways] , but arsenic minerals commonly occur in association with copper ores and an alloy with a few per cent can be obtained by smelting these .

Manufacturing techniques
manufacturing [ways]

Joining techniques
joining [ways]

Metal lends itself to a wider range of decorative techniques than most other materials because of its physical properties , particularly its ductility , which allows it to be twisted into wire or inlaid with other metals and even other materials such as gemstones .
metal lends itself to a wider range of decorative [ways] than most other materials because of its physical properties , particularly its ductility , which allows it to be twisted into wire or inlaid with other metals and even other materials such as gemstones .

The range of decorative techniques which have been at some time applied to metalwork is a subject for many books , not just a few pages .
the range of decorative [ways] which have been at some time applied to metalwork is a subject for many books , not just a few pages .

This section will therefore only touch on some of the techniques which have become better understood as the result of scientific research .
this section will therefore only touch on some of the [ways] which have become better understood as the result of scientific research .

The scientific research into the history of plating technology relies almost entirely on microscopy and element analysis , but these techniques can not provide a complete picture of many of the non-metallic inlays used by the ancient metalworkers .
the scientific research into the history of plating technology relies almost entirely on microscopy and element analysis , but these [ways] can not provide a complete picture of many of the non-metallic inlays used by the ancient metalworkers .

Study of manufacturing and decorative techniques can provide an insight into contacts between cultures .
study of manufacturing and decorative [ways] can provide an insight into contacts between cultures .

All such cases need an alternative approach to the problem of origin and it is natural to turn to scientific techniques to see if they have something to offer .
all such cases need an alternative approach to the problem of origin and it is natural to turn to scientific [ways] to see if they have something to offer .

This requirement eliminates a lot of the older classical chemical techniques and indeed some of the ultra-modern high-tech instruments which can only handle a few objects per day .
this requirement eliminates a lot of the older classical chemical [ways] and indeed some of the ultra-modern high-tech instruments which can only handle a few objects per day .

Different techniques are chosen for different materials .
different [ways] are chosen for different materials .

There is a continual need to appraise existing techniques , to seek refinements and to search out new instrumental methods of examination which have more to offer in speed , accuracy or range of elements found .
there is a continual need to appraise existing [ways] , to seek refinements and to search out new instrumental methods of examination which have more to offer in speed , accuracy or range of elements found .

In ten years ' time we shall no doubt still be using the techniques discussed in this chapter but we may also have opened up new avenues of research by widening the range of materials examined and by using other scientific techniques which at present are only at the development stage .
in ten years ' time we shall no doubt still be using the [ways] discussed in this chapter but we may also have opened up new avenues of research by widening the range of materials examined and by using other scientific [ways] which at present are only at the development stage .

Mass-spectrometry techniques ( see glossary ) are currently receiving attention because they are superior to other methods in sensitivity and the range of chemical elements to which they can be applied .
mass-spectrometry [ways] ( see glossary ) are currently receiving attention because they are superior to other methods in sensitivity and the range of chemical elements to which they can be applied .

The results were then evaluated using several statistical techniques mentioned in Chapter 9 ( see page 158 ) .
the results were then evaluated using several statistical [ways] mentioned in chapter 9 ( see page 158 ) .

Considerable technical skills were needed to make the bronzes , but the metalworkers used a very small range of techniques .
considerable technical skills were needed to make the bronzes , but the metalworkers used a very small range of [ways] .

This chapter has outlined the range of materials to which scientific techniques have been applied in order to discover a particular object 's provenance .
this chapter has outlined the range of materials to which scientific [ways] have been applied in order to discover a particular object 's provenance .

However , the range of scientific techniques will also grow , no doubt enabling us to provenance materials with greater speed and accuracy in the future .
however , the range of scientific [ways] will also grow , no doubt enabling us to provenance materials with greater speed and accuracy in the future .

Dating techniques are many and varied , with similarly diverse applications .
dating [ways] are many and varied , with similarly diverse applications .

Dendrochronology , varves and ice core dating are such techniques , based respectively on the annual formation of tree rings , lake sediment layers and polar ice-cap layers .
dendrochronology , varves and ice core dating are such [ways] , based respectively on the annual formation of tree rings , lake sediment layers and polar ice-cap layers .

Less frequent rhythms in the earth 's orbit produce more dramatic climatic changes and form the basis of some of the relative dating techniques .
less frequent rhythms in the earth 's orbit produce more dramatic climatic changes and form the basis of some of the relative dating [ways] .

From this brief summary of a small proportion of the scientific dating techniques , some common principles of their application emerge .
from this brief summary of a small proportion of the scientific dating [ways] , some common principles of their application emerge .

a whole book could be written on any one of the scientific dating techniques , so selectivity must be exercised when covering the subject in a single chapter .
a whole book could be written on any one of the scientific dating [ways] , so selectivity must be exercised when covering the subject in a single chapter .

Only radiocarbon and thermoluminescence , the techniques which the British Museum has ‘ in house ’ , will be discussed in any detail .
only radiocarbon and thermoluminescence , the [ways] which the british museum has ‘ in house ’ , will be discussed in any detail .

The radioactive components in the pottery and the soil are uranium , thorium and potassium , which can be readily detected by analytical techniques such as neutron activation analysis ( see glossary ) , and their contributions to the dose rate then calculated from knowledge of how they decay radioactively .
the radioactive components in the pottery and the soil are uranium , thorium and potassium , which can be readily detected by analytical [ways] such as neutron activation analysis ( see glossary ) , and their contributions to the dose rate then calculated from knowledge of how they decay radioactively .

Scientific dating techniques , and none more than radiocarbon , have revolutionised the archaeologist 's understanding of human cultural development .
scientific dating [ways] , and none more than radiocarbon , have revolutionised the archaeologist 's understanding of human cultural development .

There is another less obvious reason why other techniques might be applied in an authenticity study , even when a dating method can be used .
there is another less obvious reason why other [ways] might be applied in an authenticity study , even when a dating method can be used .

The main approaches to the scientific detection of fakes are : the study of composition and methods of construction to see if they match the supposed age of the object ; examination for evidence of aging , such as the formation of a patina ; and the application of archaeological dating techniques , which can at least give an indication of age and in some cases an actual date .
the main approaches to the scientific detection of fakes are : the study of composition and methods of construction to see if they match the supposed age of the object ; examination for evidence of aging , such as the formation of a patina ; and the application of archaeological dating [ways] , which can at least give an indication of age and in some cases an actual date .

Scientific dating techniques
scientific dating [ways]

The most widely used dating techniques for authenticity testing are thermoluminescence , radiocarbon and dendrochronology : how they work is outlined in Chapter 7 .
the most widely used dating [ways] for authenticity testing are thermoluminescence , radiocarbon and dendrochronology : how they work is outlined in chapter 7 .

Thus the techniques used to manufacture and decorate an object are indicative of its authenticity .
thus the [ways] used to manufacture and decorate an object are indicative of its authenticity .

These techniques were developed for the perfectly legitimate ‘ bronzing ’ and ‘ antiquing ’ of patently modern metalwork , but could also be used by the faker with less honest motives .
these [ways] were developed for the perfectly legitimate ‘ bronzing ’ and ‘ antiquing ’ of patently modern metalwork , but could also be used by the faker with less honest motives .

Changes in taste , coupled with a general decline in craft techniques , have meant that the use and range of chemical treatments has declined in this century , although in the Far East the beautiful patinated Shakudo alloys ( see p. 95 ) are still produced by the traditional chemical treatments .
changes in taste , coupled with a general decline in craft [ways] , have meant that the use and range of chemical treatments has declined in this century , although in the far east the beautiful patinated shakudo alloys ( see p. 95 ) are still produced by the traditional chemical treatments .

Increasingly , the practical application of many mathematical techniques depends on the computer 's ability to carry out calculations with faultless accuracy at ever more extraordinary speeds .
increasingly , the practical application of many mathematical [ways] depends on the computer 's ability to carry out calculations with faultless accuracy at ever more extraordinary speeds .

For example , neutron activation analysis ( see glossary ) , one of the techniques used to determine the composition of ancient ceramics , would be impossible without a computer program , since the calculations required are so complex and extensive that not even the most resilient individual armed with a pocket calculator could possibly complete them in a single lifetime .
for example , neutron activation analysis ( see glossary ) , one of the [ways] used to determine the composition of ancient ceramics , would be impossible without a computer program , since the calculations required are so complex and extensive that not even the most resilient individual armed with a pocket calculator could possibly complete them in a single lifetime .

The outline of such an axe can be measured very precisely and processed by various techniques of coordinate geometry ( including , incidentally , one originally invented by marine engineers to measure the shape of ship hulls ) to give a final mathematical ‘ fingerprint ’ of the axe 's shape .
the outline of such an axe can be measured very precisely and processed by various [ways] of coordinate geometry ( including , incidentally , one originally invented by marine engineers to measure the shape of ship hulls ) to give a final mathematical ‘ fingerprint ’ of the axe 's shape .

Modern scientific excavation techniques yield prodigious quantities of data , and the abilities of even quite simple personal computer database programs to organise , tabulate and sort this information offer the archaeologist very obvious benefits .
modern scientific excavation [ways] yield prodigious quantities of data , and the abilities of even quite simple personal computer database programs to organise , tabulate and sort this information offer the archaeologist very obvious benefits .

The mathematical techniques for doing this were invented fairly recently , and , unlike most of those we have so far mentioned , were developed from scratch to solve a particular archaeological problem .
the mathematical [ways] for doing this were invented fairly recently , and , unlike most of those we have so far mentioned , were developed from scratch to solve a particular archaeological problem .

Provided that enough information was recorded at the time , we can indeed use the techniques of three-dimensional computer graphics to achieve this .
provided that enough information was recorded at the time , we can indeed use the [ways] of three-dimensional computer graphics to achieve this .

There is greater incentive in archaeology than in many other disciplines for applied mathematicians and statisticians to develop new techniques , or to apply existing ones in novel situations .
there is greater incentive in archaeology than in many other disciplines for applied mathematicians and statisticians to develop new [ways] , or to apply existing ones in novel situations .

Information about materials and techniques of manufacture , geography of find-spot and manufacture , and a short free-text description of the object are examples of the information categories currently included in the British Museum 's inventory .
information about materials and [ways] of manufacture , geography of find-spot and manufacture , and a short free-text description of the object are examples of the information categories currently included in the british museum 's inventory .

This apparent conflict is resolved only by the application of materials and techniques brought about by scientific developments and , in this context , cleaning is a science .
this apparent conflict is resolved only by the application of materials and [ways] brought about by scientific developments and , in this context , cleaning is a science .

As far as possible monitoring should be undertaken by the person in charge of the trial except where specialist techniques or material are needed such as bacteriological monitoring for disinfectant performance .
as far as possible monitoring should be undertaken by the person in charge of the trial except where specialist [ways] or material are needed such as bacteriological monitoring for disinfectant performance .

Methods and Techniques
methods and [ways]

Most people have cleaned something and have employed basic cleaning techniques .
most people have cleaned something and have employed basic cleaning [ways] .

For the main part , however , basic techniques are not employed correctly yet within the framework of a method the standard achieved is dependent on technique .
for the main part , however , basic [ways] are not employed correctly yet within the framework of a method the standard achieved is dependent on technique .

Some of the basic and advanced techniques required are as follows :
some of the basic and advanced [ways] required are as follows :

Wiping techniques : These will vary according to the chemical used .
wiping [ways] : these will vary according to the chemical used .

Spraying : Techniques centre around making the most of the sprayer .
spraying : [ways] centre around making the most of the sprayer .

In manual techniques it is important to position the body so that maximum leverage can be applied and so that body weight can be used to supplement muscle .
in manual [ways] it is important to position the body so that maximum leverage can be applied and so that body weight can be used to supplement muscle .

Spray-wipe techniques with a solvent hard surface cleaner or solvent degreaser can be used on light soiling but for moderate or heavy soiling a brush applied alkali degreaser is more suitable .
spray-wipe [ways] with a solvent hard surface cleaner or solvent degreaser can be used on light soiling but for moderate or heavy soiling a brush applied alkali degreaser is more suitable .

Cold stores : Treat like small rooms in their own right using floor wall and ceiling techniques as appropriate .
cold stores : treat like small rooms in their own right using floor wall and ceiling [ways] as appropriate .

Techniques are thus modified by reducing the amount of water applied and lighter brushing strokes .
[ways] are thus modified by reducing the amount of water applied and lighter brushing strokes .

Pressure jetting can physically damage belting as can abrasive or scraping techniques .
pressure jetting can physically damage belting as can abrasive or scraping [ways] .

By far the greatest part of maintenance research developed by institutions of state for marginal areas has been soil conservation techniques ( outlined in Ch .
by far the greatest part of maintenance research developed by institutions of state for marginal areas has been soil conservation [ways] ( outlined in ch .

Belshaw ( 1979 ) illustrates the contradiction between research station agronomic techniques which favour planting crops in pure stands , and inter-cropping techniques which are by far the most satisfactory from the point of view of the reduction of soil erosion .
belshaw ( 1979 ) illustrates the contradiction between research station agronomic [ways] which favour planting crops in pure stands , and inter-cropping [ways] which are by far the most satisfactory from the point of view of the reduction of soil erosion .

At the outset there is an important distinction to be made between techniques on the one hand and soil conservation projects , programmes or policies on the other .
at the outset there is an important distinction to be made between [ways] on the one hand and soil conservation projects , programmes or policies on the other .

This implies that evaluation of techniques should be a sub-set of more ambitious terms of reference .
this implies that evaluation of [ways] should be a sub-set of more ambitious terms of reference .

It is not surprising that for every evaluation of a conservation programme or policy , there are perhaps ten of conservation techniques .
it is not surprising that for every evaluation of a conservation programme or policy , there are perhaps ten of conservation [ways] .

Second , trials of conservation techniques usually originate under controlled conditions of the research station , or large plantation , where there are facilities for detailed and undisturbed instrumentation .
second , trials of conservation [ways] usually originate under controlled conditions of the research station , or large plantation , where there are facilities for detailed and undisturbed instrumentation .

This further encourages the evaluation of techniques in terms of physical targets rather than of other wider objectives in actual practice ( i.e .
this further encourages the evaluation of [ways] in terms of physical targets rather than of other wider objectives in actual practice ( i.e .

The techniques themselves
the [ways] themselves

This section reviews briefly the range of techniques which are available at present .
this section reviews briefly the range of [ways] which are available at present .

Agronomic techniques of conservation are perhaps more in terms of preventing the start of the process of removal of soil particles , by the introduction of farming practices which will provide stable yields through time .
agronomic [ways] of conservation are perhaps more in terms of preventing the start of the process of removal of soil particles , by the introduction of farming practices which will provide stable yields through time .

Most conservation schemes combine both mechanical and agronomic techniques , and in many instances they are complementary .
most conservation schemes combine both mechanical and agronomic [ways] , and in many instances they are complementary .

Agronomic techniques were developed rather later than mechanical ones , following the identification of the importance of rainsplash as a major element in the erosion process .
agronomic [ways] were developed rather later than mechanical ones , following the identification of the importance of rainsplash as a major element in the erosion process .

Restriction of livestock with similar variations is also a frequent negative element in combinations of conservation techniques .
restriction of livestock with similar variations is also a frequent negative element in combinations of conservation [ways] .

Maybe techniques of evaluation ( important though they are ) need not be sharp when faced with a strong weight of empirical and impressionist evidence of the failure of conservation efforts to halt the deteriorating environmental situation in substantial areas of the world .
maybe [ways] of evaluation ( important though they are ) need not be sharp when faced with a strong weight of empirical and impressionist evidence of the failure of conservation efforts to halt the deteriorating environmental situation in substantial areas of the world .

The theme of this paper is that knowledge of soil conservation techniques should be improved , but the most pressing need is to put into practice what is already known .
the theme of this paper is that knowledge of soil conservation [ways] should be improved , but the most pressing need is to put into practice what is already known .

In a less dramatic and analogous fashion , soil conservationists of all kinds should be able to take a social view of conservation techniques .
in a less dramatic and analogous fashion , soil conservationists of all kinds should be able to take a social view of conservation [ways] .

Conservation techniques do not conserve soil in practice because of technical failures through inadequate or misapplied research .
conservation [ways] do not conserve soil in practice because of technical failures through inadequate or misapplied research .

Conservation techniques do not fit into agricultural and pastoral practices and therefore are not applied by farmers or pastoralists .
conservation [ways] do not fit into agricultural and pastoral practices and therefore are not applied by farmers or pastoralists .

An extended example of local conservation techniques being neglected or even discouraged and government initiated ones being encouraged ( and later on forced upon the local population ) is given by Berry and Townshend ( 1973 ) .
an extended example of local conservation [ways] being neglected or even discouraged and government initiated ones being encouraged ( and later on forced upon the local population ) is given by berry and townshend ( 1973 ) .

Table 4.2 , adapted and added to the original ( ibid : 246 ) indicates the techniques , their origin and their acceptance .
table 4.2 , adapted and added to the original ( ibid : 246 ) indicates the [ways] , their origin and their acceptance .

Inspection of Table 4.2 shows that those techniques already practised by local farmers , which the colonial government also encouraged and wished to extend , were accepted .
inspection of table 4.2 shows that those [ways] already practised by local farmers , which the colonial government also encouraged and wished to extend , were accepted .

The clinical approach to family planning in which medical staff advised upon and provided services at the hospital was replaced by an extension approach in which a vast array of extension agents and network of services in the countryside was set up , using many techniques of marketing and advertising adapted to the Indian context .
the clinical approach to family planning in which medical staff advised upon and provided services at the hospital was replaced by an extension approach in which a vast array of extension agents and network of services in the countryside was set up , using many [ways] of marketing and advertising adapted to the indian context .

Polaroid 's fourth free guide to instant imaging , ‘ Darkroom Techniques ’ , is now available .
polaroid 's fourth free guide to instant imaging , ‘ darkroom [ways] ’ , is now available .

Darkroom Techniques explains how to apply Polaroid techniques to conventional materials , such as making instant prints from slides , and also how to produce conventional prints and slides from Polaroid materials .
darkroom [ways] explains how to apply polaroid [ways] to conventional materials , such as making instant prints from slides , and also how to produce conventional prints and slides from polaroid materials .

For your free copy of the ‘ Polaroid Guide to Instant Imaging : Darkroom Techniques ’ write to :
for your free copy of the ‘ polaroid guide to instant imaging : darkroom [ways] ’ write to :

Since the monks were thrown out of Prague in 1954 , the cloisters of the monastery have been given over to a display of Czech illuminated manuscripts , printing techniques and modern literature .
since the monks were thrown out of prague in 1954 , the cloisters of the monastery have been given over to a display of czech illuminated manuscripts , printing [ways] and modern literature .

The nouveau roman has played a central role in the debates surrounding postmodernism : the metafictional techniques and strategies associated with the writers commonly identified with this movement have come to be regarded as , in many ways , synonymous with what constitutes postmodernist fiction .
the nouveau roman has played a central role in the debates surrounding postmodernism : the metafictional [ways] and strategies associated with the writers commonly identified with this movement have come to be regarded as , in many ways , synonymous with what constitutes postmodernist fiction .

Tous les éléments techniques du récit-emploi systématique du passé simple et de la troisième personne , adoption sans condition du déroulement chronologique , intrigues linéaires , courbe régulière des passions , tension de chaque épisode vers une fin , etc — tout visait à imposer l'image d'un univers stable , cohérent , continu , univoque , entièrement déchiffrable .
tous les éléments [ways] du récit-emploi systématique du passé simple et de la troisième personne , adoption sans condition du déroulement chronologique , intrigues linéaires , courbe régulière des passions , tension de chaque épisode vers une fin , etc — tout visait à imposer l'image d'un univers stable , cohérent , continu , univoque , entièrement déchiffrable .

Even as recently as 1982 , Robbe-Grillet would explain his transgressive narrative techniques by relying on the Sartrean concept of contingency ( see Oppenheim 1986 ) : the disruptive narrative syntax conveys the fragmentation of man in the world , the absence of meaning in his novels can thus be said to correspond to the gratuitousness of existence .
even as recently as 1982 , robbe-grillet would explain his transgressive narrative [ways] by relying on the sartrean concept of contingency ( see oppenheim 1986 ) : the disruptive narrative syntax conveys the fragmentation of man in the world , the absence of meaning in his novels can thus be said to correspond to the gratuitousness of existence .

These tales are told with an extraordinary lightness : the frequency of the present or the perfect as narrative tenses ; the adoption of a simple but precise vocabulary ; the sparing use of adjectives ; the composition of short , essential paragraphs added one to the other , not like bricks , in the conventional metaphor of story-building , but more like transparent balloons lifting the story off the ground — with all of these techniques , Celati has created a mode of story-telling which shakes off the weight of narrative in what is a conscious and consistent effort to pare away the superstructure of ideology and ‘ that homogeneous and totalizing continuity that is called history ’ ( Celati 1975 : 14 ; cf .
these tales are told with an extraordinary lightness : the frequency of the present or the perfect as narrative tenses ; the adoption of a simple but precise vocabulary ; the sparing use of adjectives ; the composition of short , essential paragraphs added one to the other , not like bricks , in the conventional metaphor of story-building , but more like transparent balloons lifting the story off the ground — with all of these [ways] , celati has created a mode of story-telling which shakes off the weight of narrative in what is a conscious and consistent effort to pare away the superstructure of ideology and ‘ that homogeneous and totalizing continuity that is called history ’ ( celati 1975 : 14 ; cf .

In some cases , the author seeks to disguise his presence and distances himself from the narrative by employing techniques such as interior monologue , dialogue and intermediaries , which simultaneously highlight the subjective nature of the material presented and create the impression of an autonomous narration .
in some cases , the author seeks to disguise his presence and distances himself from the narrative by employing [ways] such as interior monologue , dialogue and intermediaries , which simultaneously highlight the subjective nature of the material presented and create the impression of an autonomous narration .

As Brian Richards says , the range of techniques for improving movement in cities has never been so great .
as brian richards says , the range of [ways] for improving movement in cities has never been so great .

In this process , the use of modern conveniences , techniques , when required , are not denied .
in this process , the use of modern conveniences , [ways] , when required , are not denied .

Craftsmen from Morocco and Pakistan carved these beautiful columns for the mosque at Qiblatain , Medinah , using their traditional plaster techniques .
craftsmen from morocco and pakistan carved these beautiful columns for the mosque at qiblatain , medinah , using their traditional plaster [ways] .

All the roofs will be surveyed using traditional techniques , but detailed investigation , using a range of monitoring equipment including infra-red thermography , ultrasonic pulse-echo testing and strain gauges , will be carried out on a smaller sample .
all the roofs will be surveyed using traditional [ways] , but detailed investigation , using a range of monitoring equipment including infra-red thermography , ultrasonic pulse-echo testing and strain gauges , will be carried out on a smaller sample .

This will allow comparison to be made between different survey techniques .
this will allow comparison to be made between different survey [ways] .

The cheapness of a photographic reproduction as opposed to traditional litho-printing techniques also helped the party budgets .
the cheapness of a photographic reproduction as opposed to traditional litho-printing [ways] also helped the party budgets .

He was an inspired teacher , his lectures notable for their outstanding clarity and for his frequent excursions into the historical background of the techniques he was discussing .
he was an inspired teacher , his lectures notable for their outstanding clarity and for his frequent excursions into the historical background of the [ways] he was discussing .

‘ His game still has a way to go , which is fortunate because most players his age have grooved techniques and there is not a lot more to come .
‘ his game still has a way to go , which is fortunate because most players his age have grooved [ways] and there is not a lot more to come .

It is probable that the hook was initially a weapon , a spin-off from techniques of spearing , and gradually replaced the more primitive ‘ gorges ’ that relied on wedging rather than penetration .
it is probable that the hook was initially a weapon , a spin-off from [ways] of spearing , and gradually replaced the more primitive ‘ gorges ’ that relied on wedging rather than penetration .

Although Barrett described himself as an ‘ antiques dealer ’ , the way he handled Miss Prinsep had more in common with the foot-in-the-door techniques employed by what the Sussex police wearily refer to as the ‘ knocker boys ’ .
although barrett described himself as an ‘ antiques dealer ’ , the way he handled miss prinsep had more in common with the foot-in-the-door [ways] employed by what the sussex police wearily refer to as the ‘ knocker boys ’ .

They have recently introduced two one-day courses : an Introduction to Decorative Paint Finishes covers dragging and stippling , as well as colourwashing and sponging ; an Introduction to Painted Furniture covers the basic techniques of antiquing , simple faux finishes and preparation .
they have recently introduced two one-day courses : an introduction to decorative paint finishes covers dragging and stippling , as well as colourwashing and sponging ; an introduction to painted furniture covers the basic [ways] of antiquing , simple faux finishes and preparation .

‘ The new mega brewers introduced new techniques and they were conscious of the raw materials handled in the brewery .
‘ the new mega brewers introduced new [ways] and they were conscious of the raw materials handled in the brewery .

When you are tackling a larger area — a whole wall , or perhaps even a complete room — you use exactly the same techniques ; the big difference is the sheer scale of the job , which makes the preliminary setting-out by far the most important part .
when you are tackling a larger area — a whole wall , or perhaps even a complete room — you use exactly the same [ways] ; the big difference is the sheer scale of the job , which makes the preliminary setting-out by far the most important part .

Your second option is to go for tailor-made and professionallyinstalled doors that combine the latest design and construction techniques with materials that promise minimal maintenance , and which include the bonus of having extra-wide sealed-unit double glazing and built-in weather-stripping .
your second option is to go for tailor-made and professionallyinstalled doors that combine the latest design and construction [ways] with materials that promise minimal maintenance , and which include the bonus of having extra-wide sealed-unit double glazing and built-in weather-stripping .

Such policies also pay only for hospital-related treatment , and many exclude treatment which does not include invasive techniques .
such policies also pay only for hospital-related treatment , and many exclude treatment which does not include invasive [ways] .

In a new survey of the industry he said : ‘ Housebuilders appear to be using techniques to remove unsold homes from their balance sheets , including ‘ selling ’ houses to associate companies .
in a new survey of the industry he said : ‘ housebuilders appear to be using [ways] to remove unsold homes from their balance sheets , including ‘ selling ’ houses to associate companies .

Your dog is responding beautifully to the ‘ do and be rewarded ’ training techniques just as he should .
your dog is responding beautifully to the ‘ do and be rewarded ’ training [ways] just as he should .

Indeed , there is very little in the real world of electronics which does n't involve digital techniques and computing .
indeed , there is very little in the real world of electronics which does n't involve digital [ways] and computing .

Plasma etching and ion implantation techniques are then used to build up transistor structures , rather than diffusing them into the substrate material .
plasma etching and ion implantation [ways] are then used to build up transistor structures , rather than diffusing them into the substrate material .

Techniques such as object oriented design and structured programming will have to be followed to conform to engineering practice .
[ways] such as object oriented design and structured programming will have to be followed to conform to engineering practice .

Mackenzie is also looking at other mathematical techniques for analysing and synthesising waveforms .
mackenzie is also looking at other mathematical [ways] for analysing and synthesising waveforms .

Perhaps it was hardly surprising that the British had a near-monopoly on both cable technology and signal equipment techniques .
perhaps it was hardly surprising that the british had a near-monopoly on both cable technology and signal equipment [ways] .

Initially views differed on the technology to be employed and the cable-laying techniques .
initially views differed on the technology to be employed and the cable-laying [ways] .

The Board of Trade promptly set up an enquiry into the industry and its methods and techniques .
the board of trade promptly set up an enquiry into the industry and its methods and [ways] .

Thanks also to the mathematical work of Oliver Heaviside , transmission techniques were steadily improved .
thanks also to the mathematical work of oliver heaviside , transmission [ways] were steadily improved .

Mr Cocks predicted that advocates would have to adapt their techniques in cases involving children and other vulnerable witnesses , but warned : ‘ It would be disastrous for an excessive preoccupation with welfare to erode the defendant 's rights and to undermine the role of his advocate . ’
mr cocks predicted that advocates would have to adapt their [ways] in cases involving children and other vulnerable witnesses , but warned : ‘ it would be disastrous for an excessive preoccupation with welfare to erode the defendant 's rights and to undermine the role of his advocate . ’

Mr Cocks went on to criticise video interviewing techniques of police and social workers .
mr cocks went on to criticise video interviewing [ways] of police and social workers .

Patients must practise the techniques for up to 20 minutes a day .
patients must practise the [ways] for up to 20 minutes a day .

He was nearing 60 , with warnings of ill health , but immediately undertook with his departmental colleagues an imaginative restructuring of anatomical teaching , introducing new techniques and persuading the university to fund new posts .
he was nearing 60 , with warnings of ill health , but immediately undertook with his departmental colleagues an imaginative restructuring of anatomical teaching , introducing new [ways] and persuading the university to fund new posts .

He was vital to much of the department 's internationally distinguished research in comparative endocrinology , assaying minuscule levels of hormones in experimental animals by physico-chemical techniques .
he was vital to much of the department 's internationally distinguished research in comparative endocrinology , assaying minuscule levels of hormones in experimental animals by physico-chemical [ways] .

Scientists working for Britain 's Central Electricity Generating Board also found flaws in the experimental techniques used by Prinz and his colleagues .
scientists working for britain 's central electricity generating board also found flaws in the experimental [ways] used by prinz and his colleagues .

Choreographers must have been dancers themselves if they are to understand and feel the natural abilities of the body and to allow fur the influence of the techniques in which they have been trained .
choreographers must have been dancers themselves if they are to understand and feel the natural abilities of the body and to allow fur the influence of the [ways] in which they have been trained .

Whichever style is used in plotless ballets the choreographer should submit to the structure of the music , particularly if the score develops according to the classical techniques of composition .
whichever style is used in plotless ballets the choreographer should submit to the structure of the music , particularly if the score develops according to the classical [ways] of composition .

Even those basing their work on modern techniques seek to create a total picture with all the movements in harmony , as in ancient Greek sculptures .
even those basing their work on modern [ways] seek to create a total picture with all the movements in harmony , as in ancient greek sculptures .

In the modern style used by choreographers , they are to an increasing extent trying to do away with all the conventions inherent in the traditional techniques of classical and other styles .
in the modern style used by choreographers , they are to an increasing extent trying to do away with all the conventions inherent in the traditional [ways] of classical and other styles .

Valenzuela himself was instructed in interrogation techniques .
valenzuela himself was instructed in interrogation [ways] .

Once you have the GEMs on the polystyrene spheres they can be washed off and cultured for testing with catechol or other techniques .
once you have the gems on the polystyrene spheres they can be washed off and cultured for testing with catechol or other [ways] .

Harsh measures — putting an entire community under an absolute curfew for a continuous lengthy period of time , demolishing homes , uprooting olive or citrus trees , physical intimidation and terror tactics employed by raiding army units , shooting , killing , cutting off water or electricity supplies and telephone links to villages or towns , mass arrests , intimidatory interrogation techniques — can either create a temporary lull or activate an eruption .
harsh measures — putting an entire community under an absolute curfew for a continuous lengthy period of time , demolishing homes , uprooting olive or citrus trees , physical intimidation and terror tactics employed by raiding army units , shooting , killing , cutting off water or electricity supplies and telephone links to villages or towns , mass arrests , intimidatory interrogation [ways] — can either create a temporary lull or activate an eruption .

Marketing as a series of techniques
marketing as a series of [ways]

The most important of these techniques being the application of market research , market analysis and the use of effective and efficient communications .
the most important of these [ways] being the application of market research , market analysis and the use of effective and efficient communications .

There are marketing techniques that are totally inappropriate to education , these include : cut throat competition , volume discounts , aggressive advertising , free coupons , ‘ two for the price of one ’ and money back offers .
there are marketing [ways] that are totally inappropriate to education , these include : cut throat competition , volume discounts , aggressive advertising , free coupons , ‘ two for the price of one ’ and money back offers .

Through the selective use of marketing techniques , particularly through listening and responding , schools can be as effective at marketing as the most successful commercial organisations .
through the selective use of marketing [ways] , particularly through listening and responding , schools can be as effective at marketing as the most successful commercial organisations .

There has been a revolution in printing techniques , and stationery with well designed bold letter headings is inexpensive to purchase , gives identity , creates impact , reinforcing the message of quality and care .
there has been a revolution in printing [ways] , and stationery with well designed bold letter headings is inexpensive to purchase , gives identity , creates impact , reinforcing the message of quality and care .

Both of these techniques involve moving or removing atoms on the surface of the crystal .
both of these [ways] involve moving or removing atoms on the surface of the crystal .

Besides eraseability , a storage device based on trimers would have other advantages over previous techniques of atomic manipulation .
besides eraseability , a storage device based on trimers would have other advantages over previous [ways] of atomic manipulation .

Ideas and techniques from developing countries could have special value in the energy-conscious future .
ideas and [ways] from developing countries could have special value in the energy-conscious future .

Involvement with projects like these , and the engagement in regular discussions with national authorities such as the English and Wales Tourist Boards , the National Park Authorities and the Countryside Commission , means that the Trust can share its conservation expertise and at the same time encourage and learn from others in helping to develop more sophisticated techniques in caring for and educating visitors .
involvement with projects like these , and the engagement in regular discussions with national authorities such as the english and wales tourist boards , the national park authorities and the countryside commission , means that the trust can share its conservation expertise and at the same time encourage and learn from others in helping to develop more sophisticated [ways] in caring for and educating visitors .

Pictured here is National Trust warden Phil Dyke who was on hand to explain techniques to interested onlookers .
pictured here is national trust warden phil dyke who was on hand to explain [ways] to interested onlookers .

Such preventive methods can clearly have some impact on the incidence of mental handicap , but this is comparatively small compared with the possible effects of screening techniques in conjunction with abortion .
such preventive methods can clearly have some impact on the incidence of mental handicap , but this is comparatively small compared with the possible effects of screening [ways] in conjunction with abortion .

The overall change in the contribution of these causes to mental handicap could be considerable , but only if screening techniques were widely employed and acted upon .
the overall change in the contribution of these causes to mental handicap could be considerable , but only if screening [ways] were widely employed and acted upon .

This exclusion entailed that women writers would be less burdened by long-established literary models and possibly more disposed to develop their own forms and techniques .
this exclusion entailed that women writers would be less burdened by long-established literary models and possibly more disposed to develop their own forms and [ways] .

Leapor , whose own techniques and interests have been deeply influenced by both poets , nonetheless disputes their general understanding of women 's unhappiness .
leapor , whose own [ways] and interests have been deeply influenced by both poets , nonetheless disputes their general understanding of women 's unhappiness .

’ The willingness of painters and poets to improve a prospect through various techniques is related to the ideology of improvement underlying the enclosure movement .
’ the willingness of painters and poets to improve a prospect through various [ways] is related to the ideology of improvement underlying the enclosure movement .

In Better Schools ( 1985 ) the Government drew attention to the need to reconsider traditional teaching techniques in order to promote and encourage the development of oral skills : ‘ In the majority of primary and middle schools there is an over-concentration on practising skills in literacy and numeracy … much work is too closely directed by the teacher and there is little chance for oral discussion . ’
in better schools ( 1985 ) the government drew attention to the need to reconsider traditional teaching [ways] in order to promote and encourage the development of oral skills : ‘ in the majority of primary and middle schools there is an over-concentration on practising skills in literacy and numeracy … much work is too closely directed by the teacher and there is little chance for oral discussion . ’

It is a prerequisite of successful teaching of reading , especially in the early stages , that whenever techniques are taught , or books are chosen for children 's use , meaning should always be in the foreground .
it is a prerequisite of successful teaching of reading , especially in the early stages , that whenever [ways] are taught , or books are chosen for children 's use , meaning should always be in the foreground .

Make an independent selection from a comprehensive range of reference materials , eg encyclopaedia , adult dictionary or data bank , retrieve information from them using techniques such as skim-reading ; and synthesise information from different parts of a text or different texts .
make an independent selection from a comprehensive range of reference materials , eg encyclopaedia , adult dictionary or data bank , retrieve information from them using [ways] such as skim-reading ; and synthesise information from different parts of a text or different texts .

Make an independent and discriminating selection from a range of reference materials ; retrieve information from them using techniques such as skim-reading ; evaluate and synthesise information from different parts of a text or different texts .
make an independent and discriminating selection from a range of reference materials ; retrieve information from them using [ways] such as skim-reading ; evaluate and synthesise information from different parts of a text or different texts .

Recognise and write about some of the techniques and conventions of presentation in non-literary and media texts , and the effectiveness of their use in specific instances — eg structure of news stories , or the way television programmes and newspapers match style and content to targeted audiences .
recognise and write about some of the [ways] and conventions of presentation in non-literary and media texts , and the effectiveness of their use in specific instances — eg structure of news stories , or the way television programmes and newspapers match style and content to targeted audiences .

Make an independent and discriminating selection from a range of reference materials ; retrieve information from them using techniques such as skim-reading ; evaluate and synthesise information from different parts of a text or different texts .
make an independent and discriminating selection from a range of reference materials ; retrieve information from them using [ways] such as skim-reading ; evaluate and synthesise information from different parts of a text or different texts .

Show that they are beginning to adopt a critical stance towards some of the techniques and conventions of presentation used in non-literary and media texts .
show that they are beginning to adopt a critical stance towards some of the [ways] and conventions of presentation used in non-literary and media texts .

Make an independent and discriminating selection from a range of reference materials ; retrieve information from them using techniques such as skim-reading ; evaluate and synthesise information from different parts of a text or different texts .
make an independent and discriminating selection from a range of reference materials ; retrieve information from them using [ways] such as skim-reading ; evaluate and synthesise information from different parts of a text or different texts .

They should be taught how to recognise authorial viewpoint and — where relevant — persuasive or rhetorical techniques in a range of texts , and how to use evidence when explaining their conclusions .
they should be taught how to recognise authorial viewpoint and — where relevant — persuasive or rhetorical [ways] in a range of texts , and how to use evidence when explaining their conclusions .

the techniques to encourage successful examples of language use ;
the [ways] to encourage successful examples of language use ;

Counselling and relaxation techniques , Sat , 7 July .
counselling and relaxation [ways] , sat , 7 july .

Who developed the idea that childbirth is much less frightening if you know what is going on ? Who maintains that pregnancy is not an illness ? Who is taking positive measures to prevent mothers in the third world feeding formula made with contaminated water to their babies ? Who got fathers into the labour wards ? Who is spearheading the government 's breastfeeding policy ? Who helped the Royal College of Midwives to write their textbook on breastfeeding ? Who is going into schools and colleges and making real sense of ‘ sex ’ education ? Who recognises the postnatal period as one of unique sensitivity , when peer group support is vital ? Whose research is improving sterile techniques on postnatal wards . Who is constantly arguing for proper scientific evaluation of all the interventions which have become a matter of habit with many midwives and obstetricians , like artificial membrane rupture ? Who is asking why 70% is a good average for cut or torn perineums ? Who seeks to support and encourage midwives in their struggle for recognition as independent practitioners ? Who has the most comprehensive information in the country on every aspect of childbirth , breastfeeding and postnatal care , all of which is available to the public free of charge ? who has comprehensive information for parents with disabilities ? Who is working at top levels within health authorities all over the country to improve maternity services for all those other mothers out there ? Who trains health professionals to give better antenatal and breastfeeding support as well as training and sustaining over a thousand of its own teachers and breastfeeding counsellors ?
who developed the idea that childbirth is much less frightening if you know what is going on ? who maintains that pregnancy is not an illness ? who is taking positive measures to prevent mothers in the third world feeding formula made with contaminated water to their babies ? who got fathers into the labour wards ? who is spearheading the government 's breastfeeding policy ? who helped the royal college of midwives to write their textbook on breastfeeding ? who is going into schools and colleges and making real sense of ‘ sex ’ education ? who recognises the postnatal period as one of unique sensitivity , when peer group support is vital ? whose research is improving sterile [ways] on postnatal wards . who is constantly arguing for proper scientific evaluation of all the interventions which have become a matter of habit with many midwives and obstetricians , like artificial membrane rupture ? who is asking why 70% is a good average for cut or torn perineums ? who seeks to support and encourage midwives in their struggle for recognition as independent practitioners ? who has the most comprehensive information in the country on every aspect of childbirth , breastfeeding and postnatal care , all of which is available to the public free of charge ? who has comprehensive information for parents with disabilities ? who is working at top levels within health authorities all over the country to improve maternity services for all those other mothers out there ? who trains health professionals to give better antenatal and breastfeeding support as well as training and sustaining over a thousand of its own teachers and breastfeeding counsellors ?

In other areas , like the Peruvian and Bolivian Andes , traditional farming techniques , such as the digging stick , machete and hoe , are used .
in other areas , like the peruvian and bolivian andes , traditional farming [ways] , such as the digging stick , machete and hoe , are used .

In some cases , firms , such as Nestlé in regions of Brazil , having purchased haciendas , are now running them with modern agricultural techniques .
in some cases , firms , such as nestlé in regions of brazil , having purchased haciendas , are now running them with modern agricultural [ways] .

Secondly , in order to make redistribution successful , both in economic terms and for the beneficiary , the implementation of modern , efficient and productive techniques is needed .
secondly , in order to make redistribution successful , both in economic terms and for the beneficiary , the implementation of modern , efficient and productive [ways] is needed .

Tourists are now bused in their thousands to the Sellafield Visitors ' Centre , where all the slick techniques of modern exhibitions are brought to bear on radioactivity .
tourists are now bused in their thousands to the sellafield visitors ' centre , where all the slick [ways] of modern exhibitions are brought to bear on radioactivity .

On 16 March 1978 , another canoe , the Hokule ' a , sixty feet long and double-hulled , set out from Honolulu , steering south towards Tahiti , seeking to mirror that original expedition , using the same techniques of astral navigation and water-knowledge .
on 16 march 1978 , another canoe , the hokule ' a , sixty feet long and double-hulled , set out from honolulu , steering south towards tahiti , seeking to mirror that original expedition , using the same [ways] of astral navigation and water-knowledge .

Her techniques were not subtle but they were effective .
her [ways] were not subtle but they were effective .

The Haldane Society was reported in October 1988 to have claimed that the police had devised ‘ techniques and procedures ’ to bypass or avoid the safeguards in the Police and Criminal Evidence Act .
the haldane society was reported in october 1988 to have claimed that the police had devised ‘ [ways] and procedures ’ to bypass or avoid the safeguards in the police and criminal evidence act .

In the meantime the only guidance as to what would constitute an acceptable limit on Article 8 ( 1 ) rights is the rather equivocal decision in the Klass case which concerned the operation of surveillance procedures in the German Federal Republic where legislation authorized telephone-tapping and other surveillance techniques if a number of conditions were satisfied .
in the meantime the only guidance as to what would constitute an acceptable limit on article 8 ( 1 ) rights is the rather equivocal decision in the klass case which concerned the operation of surveillance procedures in the german federal republic where legislation authorized telephone-tapping and other surveillance [ways] if a number of conditions were satisfied .

The powerful techniques of molecular biology are now being applied to the classical problems of embryonic development that were studied by an older generation of biologists .
the powerful [ways] of molecular biology are now being applied to the classical problems of embryonic development that were studied by an older generation of biologists .

Techniques developed by botanists and historians have shown that it is possible to assess the age of a hedge by the number of shrub species it contains .
[ways] developed by botanists and historians have shown that it is possible to assess the age of a hedge by the number of shrub species it contains .

Open ditches and such ancient techniques as ridge and furrow are of limited effect .
open ditches and such ancient [ways] as ridge and furrow are of limited effect .

The classing together of ‘ science and technology ’ has done enormous harm to our educational system , and it has taken place because of a confusion between using tools and techniques of various kinds , and understanding the theory that lies behind them .
the classing together of ‘ science and technology ’ has done enormous harm to our educational system , and it has taken place because of a confusion between using tools and [ways] of various kinds , and understanding the theory that lies behind them .

The therapist will show you the techniques of helping the patient to cope with particular garments .
the therapist will show you the [ways] of helping the patient to cope with particular garments .

Everyone involved in caring for the patient has to learn some of the techniques of handling and positioning him , in order to provide continuity .
everyone involved in caring for the patient has to learn some of the [ways] of handling and positioning him , in order to provide continuity .

Through her handling techniques she has to be able to control and inhibit the abnormal tonus or tension in the patient 's affected muscles .
through her handling [ways] she has to be able to control and inhibit the abnormal tonus or tension in the patient 's affected muscles .

Treatment techniques
treatment [ways]

You will not necessarily see your physiotherapist doing exactly the treatment techniques described below : she may use some of these techniques plus others she has devised herself , or she may use a completely different method .
you will not necessarily see your physiotherapist doing exactly the treatment [ways] described below : she may use some of these [ways] plus others she has devised herself , or she may use a completely different method .

The treatment techniques we describe are not a treatment programme as such : they are examples of what you might see the patient doing , with explanations of what the physiotherapist is trying to achieve , and how the patient should respond .
the treatment [ways] we describe are not a treatment programme as such : they are examples of what you might see the patient doing , with explanations of what the physiotherapist is trying to achieve , and how the patient should respond .

He starts by sitting on the side of the plinth , and the physiotherapist may use mobilizing techniques to reduce any spasticity in the patient 's trunk or arm .
he starts by sitting on the side of the plinth , and the physiotherapist may use mobilizing [ways] to reduce any spasticity in the patient 's trunk or arm .

There were also rapid developments in military techniques , which Barbaross had ample opportunity to employ during his many campaigns .
there were also rapid developments in military [ways] , which barbaross had ample opportunity to employ during his many campaigns .

Someone who could n't forget that it was nearly , but not quite , that height , was one Malcolm Ferguson who in 1878 became so incensed by Ben Lawers being declared officially under the 4,000-foot mark by means of new surveying techniques , he decided to do something about it .
someone who could n't forget that it was nearly , but not quite , that height , was one malcolm ferguson who in 1878 became so incensed by ben lawers being declared officially under the 4,000-foot mark by means of new surveying [ways] , he decided to do something about it .

All of this can come as no surprise , since one of the greatest difficulties which confronts the medical legal commentator in dealing with the treatment of the terminally ill is that techniques and technology have developed and changed with such rapidity in the past decade or so that it is only vaguely that the problems are perceived , let alone responded to by developing a general consensus in the form of law .
all of this can come as no surprise , since one of the greatest difficulties which confronts the medical legal commentator in dealing with the treatment of the terminally ill is that [ways] and technology have developed and changed with such rapidity in the past decade or so that it is only vaguely that the problems are perceived , let alone responded to by developing a general consensus in the form of law .

Rather , attention must be directed to ensuring that doctors who care for the dying understand and use the medicines and techniques now available .
rather , attention must be directed to ensuring that doctors who care for the dying understand and use the medicines and [ways] now available .

Selling a house even provides an opportunity to practise survey techniques and at the same time improve the chances of selling quickly .
selling a house even provides an opportunity to practise survey [ways] and at the same time improve the chances of selling quickly .

Recent advances in the biology of reproduction have resulted in methods and techniques which can overcome both problems .
recent advances in the biology of reproduction have resulted in methods and [ways] which can overcome both problems .

The techniques may also circumvent impotence and some other problems that prevent normal intercourse followed by conception .
the [ways] may also circumvent impotence and some other problems that prevent normal intercourse followed by conception .

The Warnock Committee recommended that donation of an egg or proembryo should be permitted as a means of treating infertility , but that the techniques should be carefully controlled by licensing .
the warnock committee recommended that donation of an egg or proembryo should be permitted as a means of treating infertility , but that the [ways] should be carefully controlled by licensing .

The visit will include a brief history of the forge and a live demonstration of making decorative items such as rams ' heads and owls for pokers and intricate scroll work , using traditional techniques .
the visit will include a brief history of the forge and a live demonstration of making decorative items such as rams ' heads and owls for pokers and intricate scroll work , using traditional [ways] .

Passive solar techniques have been used successfully in a number of British buildings .
passive solar [ways] have been used successfully in a number of british buildings .

Other more specialised techniques are trombe walls and double envelope construction .
other more specialised [ways] are trombe walls and double envelope construction .

Courses on public speaking , which are often available cheaply at night school are also good places for learning the techniques of relaxing when dealing with other people .
courses on public speaking , which are often available cheaply at night school are also good places for learning the [ways] of relaxing when dealing with other people .

You may also find more general classes in the techniques of relaxation helpful .
you may also find more general classes in the [ways] of relaxation helpful .

Many of these techniques culminate in your being able to trigger off a general sense of relaxation when it suits you .
many of these [ways] culminate in your being able to trigger off a general sense of relaxation when it suits you .

If you are working in a very technical field you should do your homework before the interview so that you are prepared for detailed questions about equipment and techniques you may have to deal with .
if you are working in a very technical field you should do your homework before the interview so that you are prepared for detailed questions about equipment and [ways] you may have to deal with .

There are no easy answers but If you have not already been applying all the techniques listed in this book when applying for jobs you should find that a methodical approach is more productive than previous haphazard applications .
there are no easy answers but if you have not already been applying all the [ways] listed in this book when applying for jobs you should find that a methodical approach is more productive than previous haphazard applications .

Their aim is to teach people common-sense techniques of job application and interview performance like the ones in this book .
their aim is to teach people common-sense [ways] of job application and interview performance like the ones in this book .

Poor selection is largely the result of poor interviewing techniques .
poor selection is largely the result of poor interviewing [ways] .

Success rates for reversals are improving as a result of new and delicate surgical techniques which are only available in some specialist centres .
success rates for reversals are improving as a result of new and delicate surgical [ways] which are only available in some specialist centres .

According to the condition being treated , one or more of a whole range of different Chiropractic adjustment techniques could be employed .
according to the condition being treated , one or more of a whole range of different chiropractic adjustment [ways] could be employed .

Firms then have to adopt ‘ inflation accounting ’ techniques in which all costs , revenues , profits and losses are fully adjusted for inflation .
firms then have to adopt ‘ inflation accounting ’ [ways] in which all costs , revenues , profits and losses are fully adjusted for inflation .

There are a range of management/supervisory skills in particular , indicated by many libraries as training priorities , that are well suited to central provision , as Casteleyn noted : ‘ Training courses designed to teach managerial techniques can be aimed at candidates from all kinds of professions and different departments , and it will be extremely beneficial for library staff to mix with colleagues from other departments and disciplines ’ .
there are a range of management/supervisory skills in particular , indicated by many libraries as training priorities , that are well suited to central provision , as casteleyn noted : ‘ training courses designed to teach managerial [ways] can be aimed at candidates from all kinds of professions and different departments , and it will be extremely beneficial for library staff to mix with colleagues from other departments and disciplines ’ .

For example , management training , which figured prominently as a topic for which there is most need of external course provision has been noted as being very suitable for courses run by own local authority central training units : ‘ Training courses designed to teach managerial techniques can be aimed at candidates from all kinds of professions and different departments , and it will be extremely beneficial for library staff to mix with colleagues from other departments and disciplines .
for example , management training , which figured prominently as a topic for which there is most need of external course provision has been noted as being very suitable for courses run by own local authority central training units : ‘ training courses designed to teach managerial [ways] can be aimed at candidates from all kinds of professions and different departments , and it will be extremely beneficial for library staff to mix with colleagues from other departments and disciplines .

Industrialisation and the mechanisation of farming techniques would have inevitable knock-on effects within Prussian social structure , however , and the Junker land-owners — who dominated Prussian politics , the military and the agricultural economy , and who were the most entrenched and backward-looking group in Pomerania — could be counted on to resist all change .
industrialisation and the mechanisation of farming [ways] would have inevitable knock-on effects within prussian social structure , however , and the junker land-owners — who dominated prussian politics , the military and the agricultural economy , and who were the most entrenched and backward-looking group in pomerania — could be counted on to resist all change .

Prussia became aware that it had lost parity with its allies from the Napoleonic years and determined to catch up by creating a series of technical schools — later to include Danzig 's Technical High School for boys and the famous Conradinum — and by beginning to investigate and research industrial techniques .
prussia became aware that it had lost parity with its allies from the napoleonic years and determined to catch up by creating a series of technical schools — later to include danzig 's technical high school for boys and the famous conradinum — and by beginning to investigate and research industrial [ways] .

The period 1860–90 was crucial for Germany : as the German state emerged and the German self-image was formed , Prussia-Germany went through a chaotic period of social and economic transformation : a boom in canal and railway building , in the steel industry , in banking , engineering , scientific research and in developing industrial techniques had been accompanied by a war with France ; this was followed by a slump , financial collapse and a steady move to the right in political thinking .
the period 1860–90 was crucial for germany : as the german state emerged and the german self-image was formed , prussia-germany went through a chaotic period of social and economic transformation : a boom in canal and railway building , in the steel industry , in banking , engineering , scientific research and in developing industrial [ways] had been accompanied by a war with france ; this was followed by a slump , financial collapse and a steady move to the right in political thinking .

The selective breeding techniques used became blueprints for other breeders and ensured that the Shorthorn quickly ousted Bakewell 's then ubiquitous Longhorn .
the selective breeding [ways] used became blueprints for other breeders and ensured that the shorthorn quickly ousted bakewell 's then ubiquitous longhorn .

The emphasis is on aromatherapy massage which is one of the finest techniques available for soothing the detrimental effects of stress .
the emphasis is on aromatherapy massage which is one of the finest [ways] available for soothing the detrimental effects of stress .

Much will depend on where they were trained and whether they are skilled in other therapies and techniques such as reflexology ( pressure point massage of the feet ) , Touch For Health ( muscle testing , a diagnostic technique ) , medical herbalism , spiritual healing or perhaps nutrition .
much will depend on where they were trained and whether they are skilled in other therapies and [ways] such as reflexology ( pressure point massage of the feet ) , touch for health ( muscle testing , a diagnostic technique ) , medical herbalism , spiritual healing or perhaps nutrition .

This could be by employing techniques such as ‘ auric control ’ , ‘ nature attunement ’ , or simply by taking a shower and a dose of Dr Bach 's Rescue Remedy ( see page 121 ) .
this could be by employing [ways] such as ‘ auric control ’ , ‘ nature attunement ’ , or simply by taking a shower and a dose of dr bach 's rescue remedy ( see page 121 ) .

The Techniques of Aromatherapy
the [ways] of aromatherapy

Even if you are one of the lucky few , blessed with a fine trouble-free skin , the use of essential oils along with the techniques outlined in this chapter will not only help to preserve its suppleness for as long as possible , but will improve your health in general .
even if you are one of the lucky few , blessed with a fine trouble-free skin , the use of essential oils along with the [ways] outlined in this chapter will not only help to preserve its suppleness for as long as possible , but will improve your health in general .

It is a good idea to take a week 's break every month as skin brushing , like many natural detoxification techniques , is more effective if the body does not become too accustomed to it .
it is a good idea to take a week 's break every month as skin brushing , like many natural detoxification [ways] , is more effective if the body does not become too accustomed to it .

One good reason for studying with a massage school is that you will be taught anatomy and physiology as well as useful techniques for alleviating pain , dealing with injuries , understanding why pain may be occurring in a particular area and even more importantly , when to leave well alone .
one good reason for studying with a massage school is that you will be taught anatomy and physiology as well as useful [ways] for alleviating pain , dealing with injuries , understanding why pain may be occurring in a particular area and even more importantly , when to leave well alone .

However , if you intend to work at this ‘ subtle ’ level all the time , it may be helpful to learn one or two ‘ psychic protection ’ techniques ( see Chapter 7 ) .
however , if you intend to work at this ‘ subtle ’ level all the time , it may be helpful to learn one or two ‘ psychic protection ’ [ways] ( see chapter 7 ) .

There are numerous relaxation techniques taught by experts in the field of ‘ stress management ’ .
there are numerous relaxation [ways] taught by experts in the field of ‘ stress management ’ .

Part One : The tackle and the techniques
part one : the tackle and the [ways]

Techniques have changed to some extent in that there are now a number of excellent buoyant legers on the market which allow anchored floaters to be used to more effect .
[ways] have changed to some extent in that there are now a number of excellent buoyant legers on the market which allow anchored floaters to be used to more effect .

Along with the search for the ultimate magic bait , another change in carp fishing techniques on over-exploited waters is the striving for extra distance .
along with the search for the ultimate magic bait , another change in carp fishing [ways] on over-exploited waters is the striving for extra distance .

Distances in excess of eighty yards require special tactics and techniques .
distances in excess of eighty yards require special tactics and [ways] .

Improved rehabilitation techniques , for example , mean that many elderly stroke patients can now achieve greater functional improvement than was previously thought possible .
improved rehabilitation [ways] , for example , mean that many elderly stroke patients can now achieve greater functional improvement than was previously thought possible .

Dramatic life-saving techniques , organ transplants and similar developments have popular appeal .
dramatic life-saving [ways] , organ transplants and similar developments have popular appeal .

It would be impossible , for instance , to measure in a test tube the effects on blood pressure of a potential new drug , or to develop new intensive care techniques using a computer .
it would be impossible , for instance , to measure in a test tube the effects on blood pressure of a potential new drug , or to develop new intensive care [ways] using a computer .

Then Dorothy became head of office staff training managing and tutoring on interview techniques and management skills .
then dorothy became head of office staff training managing and tutoring on interview [ways] and management skills .

Advertising is felt to be one of the most important first choice marketing techniques by over 43 percent of firms .
advertising is felt to be one of the most important first choice marketing [ways] by over 43 percent of firms .

He was discriminating in his use of advisers and the techniques of advice .
he was discriminating in his use of advisers and the [ways] of advice .

Track-laying techniques ( clockwise ) : 1 .
track-laying [ways] ( clockwise ) : 1 .

The visitor can tour old workings and see demonstrations of the techniques involved particularly slate cutting , in which skilled men using only a hammer and chisel can split blocks of slate into sheets one fortieth of an inch thick .
the visitor can tour old workings and see demonstrations of the [ways] involved particularly slate cutting , in which skilled men using only a hammer and chisel can split blocks of slate into sheets one fortieth of an inch thick .

The Tonge Moor Textile Museum in Tonge Moor Road ( north-east of town centre ) illustrates the history and techniques of fine cotton spinning , and exhibits include an important collection of machines , such as Crompton 's ‘ Spinning Mule ’ , Hargreaves ' ‘ Spinning Jenny ’ and Arkwright 's ( q.v . )
the tonge moor textile museum in tonge moor road ( north-east of town centre ) illustrates the history and [ways] of fine cotton spinning , and exhibits include an important collection of machines , such as crompton 's ‘ spinning mule ’ , hargreaves ' ‘ spinning jenny ’ and arkwright 's ( q.v . )

The National Museum of Wales , close to the city centre , has an important industrial section with exhibits on the coal , iron and steel industries , in particular , illustrating both the history of the industries and some of their techniques .
the national museum of wales , close to the city centre , has an important industrial section with exhibits on the coal , iron and steel industries , in particular , illustrating both the history of the industries and some of their [ways] .

But the demand for timber was so great , for use in building houses , machinery , furniture and so on , that it outstripped the supply , and ironmasters were aware of the need to find new techniques for the mass-production of iron .
but the demand for timber was so great , for use in building houses , machinery , furniture and so on , that it outstripped the supply , and ironmasters were aware of the need to find new [ways] for the mass-production of iron .

The old bottle kilns have been preserved , and visitors can see the techniques of china manufacture as well as a display of fine Coalport china .
the old bottle kilns have been preserved , and visitors can see the [ways] of china manufacture as well as a display of fine coalport china .

There is a fifty-foot waterwheel in situ , but demonstrations of machinery and techniques pale beside the awesome sight of the vast quarry itself , extending to an enormous height up the slopes of Elidir Fawr in a great series of terraces .
there is a fifty-foot waterwheel in situ , but demonstrations of machinery and [ways] pale beside the awesome sight of the vast quarry itself , extending to an enormous height up the slopes of elidir fawr in a great series of terraces .

In London Road there is a Salt Museum with exhibits on the history and techniques of this essential industry , in a building that was once the local workhouse .
in london road there is a salt museum with exhibits on the history and [ways] of this essential industry , in a building that was once the local workhouse .

It is not reinventing the wheel , but adapting past methods to modern conditions and techniques , and reinvolving the true investors without whom conservation will not work — has not worked .
it is not reinventing the wheel , but adapting past methods to modern conditions and [ways] , and reinvolving the true investors without whom conservation will not work — has not worked .

There really can be no doubt as to the fact than an employee is expected to adapt himself to new methods and techniques introduced in the course of his employment … Of course in a proper case the employer must provide any necessary training … It will , in all cases , be a question of pure fact as to whether the re-training involves the acquisition of such esoteric skills that it would not be reasonable to expect the employee to acquire them .
there really can be no doubt as to the fact than an employee is expected to adapt himself to new methods and [ways] introduced in the course of his employment … of course in a proper case the employer must provide any necessary training … it will , in all cases , be a question of pure fact as to whether the re-training involves the acquisition of such esoteric skills that it would not be reasonable to expect the employee to acquire them .

Negotiating techniques
negotiating [ways]

The University of Glasgow has won the Glaxo Prize in analytical chemistry in the 1991 Partnership Awards for its development of new laboratory teaching techniques .
the university of glasgow has won the glaxo prize in analytical chemistry in the 1991 partnership awards for its development of new laboratory teaching [ways] .

It can also combine techniques on the single test allowing automatic sample pretreatment such as dilution , concentration and filtration on-line .
it can also combine [ways] on the single test allowing automatic sample pretreatment such as dilution , concentration and filtration on-line .

The infrared region of the spectrum is used to determine molecular structures via their vibrational modes , and this is one of the few surface-sensitive techniques that does not need an ultra-high vacuum .
the infrared region of the spectrum is used to determine molecular structures via their vibrational modes , and this is one of the few surface-sensitive [ways] that does not need an ultra-high vacuum .

As one of the pioneers of dyestuff manufacturing , Edward Chambers Nicholson established some chemical techniques that are still useful today .
as one of the pioneers of dyestuff manufacturing , edward chambers nicholson established some chemical [ways] that are still useful today .

Non-chromatographic continuous separation techniques
non-chromatographic continuous separation [ways]

The chapters on the various analytical techniques used in the detection and study of drugs of abuse are of more general interest .
the chapters on the various analytical [ways] used in the detection and study of drugs of abuse are of more general interest .

This comprehensive review of modern chromatographic techniques is divided into nine chapters , each dealing with specific areas of chromatography .
this comprehensive review of modern chromatographic [ways] is divided into nine chapters , each dealing with specific areas of chromatography .

The author 's aim is to provide an account of the chemistry and analytical techniques associated with compounds of these three elements which would be suitable for non-analytical chemists and engineers .
the author 's aim is to provide an account of the chemistry and analytical [ways] associated with compounds of these three elements which would be suitable for non-analytical chemists and engineers .

The theoretical aspects of these techniques are well covered but the environmental applications are rather sparse .
the theoretical aspects of these [ways] are well covered but the environmental applications are rather sparse .

He is mainly known for his work on the analytical centrifuge and related hydrodynamic techniques , both in terms of developing the methodology and applying this methodology to the study of macromolecular solutions .
he is mainly known for his work on the analytical centrifuge and related hydrodynamic [ways] , both in terms of developing the methodology and applying this methodology to the study of macromolecular solutions .

The main emphasis of the meeting will be the utilisation of thermal analysis techniques to study flame retardant phenomena .
the main emphasis of the meeting will be the utilisation of thermal analysis [ways] to study flame retardant phenomena .

Platelet structure and its relationship to platelet function has been given tremendous impetus , through the application of electromicroscopy to the study of platelet anatomy and the development of techniques for isolation of physiologically active platelets and their preservation for ultrastructural study .
platelet structure and its relationship to platelet function has been given tremendous impetus , through the application of electromicroscopy to the study of platelet anatomy and the development of [ways] for isolation of physiologically active platelets and their preservation for ultrastructural study .

Support for this sequence of events has come from animal models of atherosclerosis and studies using cell-culture techniques , and as Born ( 1983 ) has pointed out caution is necessary in translating these findings to the human situation .
support for this sequence of events has come from animal models of atherosclerosis and studies using cell-culture [ways] , and as born ( 1983 ) has pointed out caution is necessary in translating these findings to the human situation .

This may be a more physiological approach to the study of platelet aggregation as platelets are studied immediately after blood sampling in the presence of red cells , white cells and the heavier platelets that are removed by the centrifugation step in techniques using platelet-rich plasma .
this may be a more physiological approach to the study of platelet aggregation as platelets are studied immediately after blood sampling in the presence of red cells , white cells and the heavier platelets that are removed by the centrifugation step in [ways] using platelet-rich plasma .

Other studies have measured ‘ spontaneous ’ platelet aggregation in platelet-rich plasma and whole blood in vitro using a variety of techniques but mostly involving agitation by stirring .
other studies have measured ‘ spontaneous ’ platelet aggregation in platelet-rich plasma and whole blood in vitro using a variety of [ways] but mostly involving agitation by stirring .

It has been suggested that the different findings in these studies were due to the different techniques applied to the collection of blood samples .
it has been suggested that the different findings in these studies were due to the different [ways] applied to the collection of blood samples .

Juhan et al ( 1982 ) also studied the effect of glycaemic normalisation by the artificial pancreas on platelet function but employed other techniques .
juhan et al ( 1982 ) also studied the effect of glycaemic normalisation by the artificial pancreas on platelet function but employed other [ways] .

In the case of the Southern North Sea Basin the techniques discussed here are particularly useful because of the fact that basement formations are relatively rich in humic material ( including coals ) .
in the case of the southern north sea basin the [ways] discussed here are particularly useful because of the fact that basement formations are relatively rich in humic material ( including coals ) .

Today pioneering work is being carried out in every faculty : engineers work on the motor car engine — botanists on plant breeding — physicists on the production of images of the soft tissue of the human body using revolutionary new techniques — social scientists on the political development of Eastern Europe and on computer systems which mimic human experts — literary scholars produce new insights into the works of major writers .
today pioneering work is being carried out in every faculty : engineers work on the motor car engine — botanists on plant breeding — physicists on the production of images of the soft tissue of the human body using revolutionary new [ways] — social scientists on the political development of eastern europe and on computer systems which mimic human experts — literary scholars produce new insights into the works of major writers .

For stationary axisymmetric space-times many solution-generating techniques are known .
for stationary axisymmetric space-times many solution-generating [ways] are known .

It is therefore to be expected that many of the familiar solution generating techniques can be used to obtain new colliding plane wave solutions from already known , or ‘ seed ’ , solutions .
it is therefore to be expected that many of the familiar solution generating [ways] can be used to obtain new colliding plane wave solutions from already known , or ‘ seed ’ , solutions .

Various techniques will be discussed here , and the main solutions that have been obtained using them will be described in the next chapter .
various [ways] will be discussed here , and the main solutions that have been obtained using them will be described in the next chapter .

Many techniques are also known by which solutions of the Einstein-Maxwell equations , and other non-vacuum solutions , can be generated from known vacuum solutions .
many [ways] are also known by which solutions of the einstein-maxwell equations , and other non-vacuum solutions , can be generated from known vacuum solutions .

Ferrari and Ibañez , however , originally obtained their solution using the soliton techniques mentioned in Section 12.6 .
ferrari and ibañez , however , originally obtained their solution using the soliton [ways] mentioned in section 12.6 .

Within the context of stationary axisymmetric space-times , many techniques have been developed in recent years by which new solutions may be obtained from initial vacuum solutions .
within the context of stationary axisymmetric space-times , many [ways] have been developed in recent years by which new solutions may be obtained from initial vacuum solutions .

For stationary axisymmetric solutions , it is usual to impose the condition that the space-times are asymptotically flat , and techniques for generating new solutions of Ernst 's equation in which the space-time satisfies this condition have been developed .
for stationary axisymmetric solutions , it is usual to impose the condition that the space-times are asymptotically flat , and [ways] for generating new solutions of ernst 's equation in which the space-time satisfies this condition have been developed .

The relation between this and other techniques has been analysed by Letelier ( 1987 ) .
the relation between this and other [ways] has been analysed by letelier ( 1987 ) .

The effect of a double-Harrison transformation can be deduced by any number of competing techniques .
the effect of a double-harrison transformation can be deduced by any number of competing [ways] .

Such an approach to stationary axisymmetric space-times has subsequently been developed by Ward ( 1983 ) , Woodhouse ( 1987 ) and also by Woodhouse and Mason ( 1988 ) , who showed how this approach relates to the other solution-generating techniques mentioned above .
such an approach to stationary axisymmetric space-times has subsequently been developed by ward ( 1983 ) , woodhouse ( 1987 ) and also by woodhouse and mason ( 1988 ) , who showed how this approach relates to the other solution-generating [ways] mentioned above .

Woodhouse ( 1989 ) has applied these techniques to generate cylindrical gravitational waves .
woodhouse ( 1989 ) has applied these [ways] to generate cylindrical gravitational waves .

Twistor techniques may also be developed to generate colliding plane wave solutions .
twistor [ways] may also be developed to generate colliding plane wave solutions .

It may be noticed that the solutions presented in the previous two sections have been obtained using the generating techniques described in Sections 12.3 and 12.4 respectively .
it may be noticed that the solutions presented in the previous two sections have been obtained using the generating [ways] described in sections 12.3 and 12.4 respectively .

Other techniques may also be used , both in isolation and in various combinations .
other [ways] may also be used , both in isolation and in various combinations .

Since they involve the same Ernst equation , it is clear that all the solution generating techniques that have been developed for stationary axisymmetric space-times in recent years can also be applied to colliding plane wave situations .
since they involve the same ernst equation , it is clear that all the solution generating [ways] that have been developed for stationary axisymmetric space-times in recent years can also be applied to colliding plane wave situations .

Such techniques are available in the axisymmetric case , and may soon be extended to the colliding wave situation .
such [ways] are available in the axisymmetric case , and may soon be extended to the colliding wave situation .

The generation techniques themselves will not be described in detail here .
the generation [ways] themselves will not be described in detail here .

The effect of a double-Harrison transformation can be deduced by any number of competing techniques .
the effect of a double-harrison transformation can be deduced by any number of competing [ways] .

However , the techniques are still difficult to use in practice for arbitrary initial data .
however , the [ways] are still difficult to use in practice for arbitrary initial data .

Hauser and Ernst ( 1989 a , b , 1990 ) have developed the techniques mentioned at the end of the previous section to deal specifically with the case when the polarization of the approaching waves is not aligned .
hauser and ernst ( 1989 a , b , 1990 ) have developed the [ways] mentioned at the end of the previous section to deal specifically with the case when the polarization of the approaching waves is not aligned .

Other exact solutions describing colliding electromagnetic waves will be described in Chapters 16 and 17 , after more powerful techniques have been developed .
other exact solutions describing colliding electromagnetic waves will be described in chapters 16 and 17 , after more powerful [ways] have been developed .

If we can now move down the clinical axis to level 5 — that of the individual patient — there have been various trials in techniques of patient costing ; designed by definition , to calculate the cost of treating each patient .
if we can now move down the clinical axis to level 5 — that of the individual patient — there have been various trials in [ways] of patient costing ; designed by definition , to calculate the cost of treating each patient .

Thus all three of these techniques : programme budgeting , specialty costing and patient costing , are of some value but do not overcome all the limitations of departmental budgets .
thus all three of these [ways] : programme budgeting , specialty costing and patient costing , are of some value but do not overcome all the limitations of departmental budgets .

There are several related techniques , all having the common feature that some combination of the inputs ( resources consumed ) by health care programmes are compared with some combination of the outputs ( improvements in health obtained ) .
there are several related [ways] , all having the common feature that some combination of the inputs ( resources consumed ) by health care programmes are compared with some combination of the outputs ( improvements in health obtained ) .

The particular techniques differ mainly in the extent to which they measure and value in improvements in health .
the particular [ways] differ mainly in the extent to which they measure and value in improvements in health .

Some techniques , such as cost analysis and cost minimisation analysis , proceed on the basis that the alternatives under consideration have been shown to be equivalent in effectiveness .
some [ways] , such as cost analysis and cost minimisation analysis , proceed on the basis that the alternatives under consideration have been shown to be equivalent in effectiveness .

This will call on the full repertoire of techniques of learning .
this will call on the full repertoire of [ways] of learning .

Milestones in recording techniques
milestones in recording [ways]

Although cylinder manufacturers countered effectively for some decades , first with moulding techniques and later with finer grooves , the overwhelming simplicity of being able to press thousands of copies of disc records and play them on a simple machine eventually told in the disc 's favour .
although cylinder manufacturers countered effectively for some decades , first with moulding [ways] and later with finer grooves , the overwhelming simplicity of being able to press thousands of copies of disc records and play them on a simple machine eventually told in the disc 's favour .

It is even possible that acoustic recording techniques dictated the popularity of the fox-trot , which to modern ears is a very four-square and unsophisticated rhythm .
it is even possible that acoustic recording [ways] dictated the popularity of the fox-trot , which to modern ears is a very four-square and unsophisticated rhythm .

There was little improvement in the diaphragm 's sensitivity after about 1906 , but better manufacturing techniques ( resulting in less surface noise ) and better gramophones ( with greater efficiency ) meant that by 1920 classical pianists could be recorded playing relatively unmodified grand pianos .
there was little improvement in the diaphragm 's sensitivity after about 1906 , but better manufacturing [ways] ( resulting in less surface noise ) and better gramophones ( with greater efficiency ) meant that by 1920 classical pianists could be recorded playing relatively unmodified grand pianos .

Milestones in recording techniques
milestones in recording [ways]

The microphone not only captured 850 voices in perfect balance , something impossible with acoustic techniques , but it also caught the bass strings of the grand piano accurately , and the acoustic environment of the Opera House around the performance .
the microphone not only captured 850 voices in perfect balance , something impossible with acoustic [ways] , but it also caught the bass strings of the grand piano accurately , and the acoustic environment of the opera house around the performance .

The connotations of the words ‘ natural ’ and ‘ unnatural ’ should not be overemphasised ; indeed , the purpose of ‘ unnatural ’ techniques is often to simulate and reproduce natural sounds .
the connotations of the words ‘ natural ’ and ‘ unnatural ’ should not be overemphasised ; indeed , the purpose of ‘ unnatural ’ [ways] is often to simulate and reproduce natural sounds .

For example , sound recording for films and television is done with a monstrous array of equipment and techniques .
for example , sound recording for films and television is done with a monstrous array of equipment and [ways] .

It is greatly to the credit of the profession that , as viewers , we are not aware of the many techniques which have been used to produce a ‘ natural ’ effect .
it is greatly to the credit of the profession that , as viewers , we are not aware of the many [ways] which have been used to produce a ‘ natural ’ effect .

Many of the most important milestones are in post-production techniques , rather than inherent improvements in the ‘ naturalness ’ of pure sound recording .
many of the most important milestones are in post-production [ways] , rather than inherent improvements in the ‘ naturalness ’ of pure sound recording .

One may argue that this was the beginning of ‘ unnatural ’ recording techniques .
one may argue that this was the beginning of ‘ unnatural ’ recording [ways] .

The principal impetus behind ‘ unnatural ’ techniques was in fact the talking picture , which became a reality in about 1928 .
the principal impetus behind ‘ unnatural ’ [ways] was in fact the talking picture , which became a reality in about 1928 .

Unfortunately , the exact history of the techniques used has never been recorded .
unfortunately , the exact history of the [ways] used has never been recorded .

By 1931 all these techniques were routine , and it is a very great pity that the people who developed them can not now be identified .
by 1931 all these [ways] were routine , and it is a very great pity that the people who developed them can not now be identified .

While the film industry was leading with innovative techniques , there were nevertheless some developments conducted by the sound industry on its own .
while the film industry was leading with innovative [ways] , there were nevertheless some developments conducted by the sound industry on its own .

Digital techniques had initially been invented to cram more telephone conversations into a single cable , because ‘ crosstalk ’ does not affect a string of numbers .
digital [ways] had initially been invented to cram more telephone conversations into a single cable , because ‘ crosstalk ’ does not affect a string of numbers .

By 1905 , all makers of prerecorded cylinders were marking the actual cylinders with titles by means of a professional lettering process , though the techniques used varied widely from company to company ( 29 ) .
by 1905 , all makers of prerecorded cylinders were marking the actual cylinders with titles by means of a professional lettering process , though the [ways] used varied widely from company to company ( 29 ) .

Nowadays record companies use impeccable accounting techniques , assisted by computers , to calculate the royalties for composers .
nowadays record companies use impeccable accounting [ways] , assisted by computers , to calculate the royalties for composers .

The only relief is that some of the heads wither away as new ideas take over , so that old techniques and formats become redundant .
the only relief is that some of the heads wither away as new ideas take over , so that old [ways] and formats become redundant .

Social research is happily so varied in its subjects of study that a wide variety of techniques may be used for many research projects .
social research is happily so varied in its subjects of study that a wide variety of [ways] may be used for many research projects .

In some research projects carried out mainly in the library , using only documentary sources , there will obviously be no recourse to the use of survey techniques for collecting data .
in some research projects carried out mainly in the library , using only documentary sources , there will obviously be no recourse to the use of survey [ways] for collecting data .

When we turn later to look at ‘ people ’ as our source for data we shall consider various forms of observation ( such as participant observation ) but we shall be primarily concerned with the interview and the questionnaire as techniques for collection of data from this source .
when we turn later to look at ‘ people ’ as our source for data we shall consider various forms of observation ( such as participant observation ) but we shall be primarily concerned with the interview and the questionnaire as [ways] for collection of data from this source .

To neglect these techniques is to neglect the possibilities of a deeper , truer understanding of a situation .
to neglect these [ways] is to neglect the possibilities of a deeper , truer understanding of a situation .

There are visualization techniques practised in sports that we can use to reprogramme the left part of the brain ( more information on these and other visualization techniques can be found on pp .
there are visualization [ways] practised in sports that we can use to reprogramme the left part of the brain ( more information on these and other visualization [ways] can be found on pp .

Breathing techniques can be used both for ‘ First Aid ’ and to prevent stress and tension from injuring your body .
breathing [ways] can be used both for ‘ first aid ’ and to prevent stress and tension from injuring your body .

Both the West and the Orient have developed , over the centuries , their own mystical traditions , techniques and paths to self-growth .
both the west and the orient have developed , over the centuries , their own mystical traditions , [ways] and paths to self-growth .

In developing surreptitious techniques to break up the beat monotony , superiors were not always what they seemed .
in developing surreptitious [ways] to break up the beat monotony , superiors were not always what they seemed .

Techniques of avoidance , easing strategies , were especially important to prevent unpaid overtime .
[ways] of avoidance , easing strategies , were especially important to prevent unpaid overtime .

To achieve self-realisation , and to get in tune with the cosmic force , the New Agers are introduced to the oldest techniques known to pagan man .
to achieve self-realisation , and to get in tune with the cosmic force , the new agers are introduced to the oldest [ways] known to pagan man .

Other techniques used to foster harmony with the force and improve mindpower include bioenergetics , Sufi dancing , biofeedback , positive thinking programmes , Silva Mind Control , martial arts , and the use of isolation tanks .
other [ways] used to foster harmony with the force and improve mindpower include bioenergetics , sufi dancing , biofeedback , positive thinking programmes , silva mind control , martial arts , and the use of isolation tanks .

Here we get the first hint of why those in the occult and the New Age of paganism use special techniques and paraphernalia .
here we get the first hint of why those in the occult and the new age of paganism use special [ways] and paraphernalia .

It must be stressed that there are important differences between stage hypnotism and the techniques used in alternative medicine .
it must be stressed that there are important differences between stage hypnotism and the [ways] used in alternative medicine .

Here are a few of the most successful techniques :
here are a few of the most successful [ways] :

Interviewing techniques
interviewing [ways]

Display techniques
display [ways]

The works production shops were to remain laid out in the form described for progressive building and repairing , only marginally altering over the years to accommodate new designs and techniques , such as the Stanier all steel body panelling design of the early 1930s .
the works production shops were to remain laid out in the form described for progressive building and repairing , only marginally altering over the years to accommodate new designs and [ways] , such as the stanier all steel body panelling design of the early 1930s .

With increased train speeds and the introduction of new techniques due to electrification , it was decided to build a new Royal Train to replace the 1941 saloons , and to update other Royal vehicles for speeds up to 100 mph in air-conditioned comfort .
with increased train speeds and the introduction of new [ways] due to electrification , it was decided to build a new royal train to replace the 1941 saloons , and to update other royal vehicles for speeds up to 100 mph in air-conditioned comfort .

This major new visitor attraction located at Trinity College uses the most modern techniques to tell the story of Dublin , its origins , its past and its present .
this major new visitor attraction located at trinity college uses the most modern [ways] to tell the story of dublin , its origins , its past and its present .

One element relates to the physical and involves diet , fasting breathing techniques ( pranayama ) and postures ( asanas ) .
one element relates to the physical and involves diet , fasting breathing [ways] ( pranayama ) and postures ( asanas ) .

The topper is the fastest and most exciting way of learning the fundamental art of sailing or of perfecting the more advanced techniques .
the topper is the fastest and most exciting way of learning the fundamental art of sailing or of perfecting the more advanced [ways] .

In Britain that culture and that relationship are very different , and there seems no quick and simple way in which Britain can borrow techniques or copy successes .
in britain that culture and that relationship are very different , and there seems no quick and simple way in which britain can borrow [ways] or copy successes .

If ( a ) becomes more detailed and precise , then presumably the system as a whole should place more emphasis on each teacher 's equal professional responsibility , and less on exceptional charismatic individuals and inspirational management techniques .
if ( a ) becomes more detailed and precise , then presumably the system as a whole should place more emphasis on each teacher 's equal professional responsibility , and less on exceptional charismatic individuals and inspirational management [ways] .

HMIs have clearly sensed that in launching their series of studies , even if their highly focused character may convey the subliminal message that they are interested more in mechanisms and techniques than in broader perspectives .
hmis have clearly sensed that in launching their series of studies , even if their highly focused character may convey the subliminal message that they are interested more in mechanisms and [ways] than in broader perspectives .

Geoff Link had a firm grasp of classroom techniques and a deep knowledge of children , so he could cope with a small part of his week in exploration of a subject matter with which he had only a tenuous acquaintance .
geoff link had a firm grasp of classroom [ways] and a deep knowledge of children , so he could cope with a small part of his week in exploration of a subject matter with which he had only a tenuous acquaintance .

To this normal activity of teachers , however , the 1988 Education Act has added the competitive market aspects we have noted , the combination of which threatens to disturb and distort the normal observation and assessment techniques of the successful teacher .
to this normal activity of teachers , however , the 1988 education act has added the competitive market aspects we have noted , the combination of which threatens to disturb and distort the normal observation and assessment [ways] of the successful teacher .

It lay in the changed stance between teacher and learner and in the modification of techniques and strategies of the former , and increased motivation and precision of objectives in the latter — in short in the formative rather than summative stance of assessment and learning .
it lay in the changed stance between teacher and learner and in the modification of [ways] and strategies of the former , and increased motivation and precision of objectives in the latter — in short in the formative rather than summative stance of assessment and learning .

Individual contacts with schools , educator-into-business schemes , industrial secondments , and seminars all provide routes for the development of new skills and techniques and the provision of support and encouragement .
individual contacts with schools , educator-into-business schemes , industrial secondments , and seminars all provide routes for the development of new skills and [ways] and the provision of support and encouragement .

This will require training and development in review and evaluation approaches , skills and techniques for key members of the partnership .
this will require training and development in review and evaluation approaches , skills and [ways] for key members of the partnership .

Instrumental analytical techniques such as gas chromatography combined with mass spectrometry can separate , identify and measure the concentrations of the major components of an ‘ odorant ’ , though even this is fraught with difficulty as odorous gases from a rendering plant for example have been known to contain more than 30 components .
instrumental analytical [ways] such as gas chromatography combined with mass spectrometry can separate , identify and measure the concentrations of the major components of an ‘ odorant ’ , though even this is fraught with difficulty as odorous gases from a rendering plant for example have been known to contain more than 30 components .

What instrumental techniques can not do is evaluate the sensory attributes of an odour , in particular its acceptability , nor can they compete with the human nose as far as sensitivity to most odours is concerned .
what instrumental [ways] can not do is evaluate the sensory attributes of an odour , in particular its acceptability , nor can they compete with the human nose as far as sensitivity to most odours is concerned .

The ability to determine this level , referred to as the ‘ odour threshold detection value ’ is provided by dilution techniques , the value itself representing the number of times an odour-bearing gas has to be diluted with clear air before 50 per cent of a panel of sniffers will just not detect it .
the ability to determine this level , referred to as the ‘ odour threshold detection value ’ is provided by dilution [ways] , the value itself representing the number of times an odour-bearing gas has to be diluted with clear air before 50 per cent of a panel of sniffers will just not detect it .

Techniques of Odour Measurement by Dilution
[ways] of odour measurement by dilution

Instrumental techniques to identify emissions from possible sources may be useful here , in conjunction with sensory techniques at the point of perception .
instrumental [ways] to identify emissions from possible sources may be useful here , in conjunction with sensory [ways] at the point of perception .

Aware of the need for effective practical techniques of odour control , in June 1971 , the Department of the Environment set up a working party with the following terms of reference : ‘ To examine the problems of unpleasant odours emitted by offensive and selected other trades , and to make recommendations about the best practicable means for their minimisation and suppression ’ .
aware of the need for effective practical [ways] of odour control , in june 1971 , the department of the environment set up a working party with the following terms of reference : ‘ to examine the problems of unpleasant odours emitted by offensive and selected other trades , and to make recommendations about the best practicable means for their minimisation and suppression ’ .

When good husbandry or storage techniques fail then it may become necessary to carry out control measures by the installation of appropriate additional equipment , the choice of equipment/control method being decided only after seeking advice and taking all the circumstances into account .
when good husbandry or storage [ways] fail then it may become necessary to carry out control measures by the installation of appropriate additional equipment , the choice of equipment/control method being decided only after seeking advice and taking all the circumstances into account .

Careful manufacturing techniques can vary the pore sizes and the number of pores so that a whole range of carbons with different adsorptive properties can be obtained .
careful manufacturing [ways] can vary the pore sizes and the number of pores so that a whole range of carbons with different adsorptive properties can be obtained .

effective , permanent , and not beset by secondary effluent problems , a drawback of wet scrubbing and condensation techniques ; but there are disadvantages .
effective , permanent , and not beset by secondary effluent problems , a drawback of wet scrubbing and condensation [ways] ; but there are disadvantages .

Typical oxidants , other than air , include sodium hypochlorite , potassium permanganate , chlorine , chlorine-dioxide and ozone , which are often used in conjunction with absorption techniques , being added in small quantities , to the scrubbing liquid which is usually water .
typical oxidants , other than air , include sodium hypochlorite , potassium permanganate , chlorine , chlorine-dioxide and ozone , which are often used in conjunction with absorption [ways] , being added in small quantities , to the scrubbing liquid which is usually water .

The type of ventilation necessary in any given situation varies from simple dilution techniques through local exhaust systems to personalised protection depending on the toxicity and concentration of the particular odorant .
the type of ventilation necessary in any given situation varies from simple dilution [ways] through local exhaust systems to personalised protection depending on the toxicity and concentration of the particular odorant .

There are various meditation or relaxation techniques which are admirable in counteracting the effects of stress and in releasing unwanted feelings ( see Preventing unwanted feelings on page 138 ) .
there are various meditation or relaxation [ways] which are admirable in counteracting the effects of stress and in releasing unwanted feelings ( see preventing unwanted feelings on page 138 ) .

Experiments have shown that many relaxation techniques result in a state of consciousness quite unlike either being awake or being asleep .
experiments have shown that many relaxation [ways] result in a state of consciousness quite unlike either being awake or being asleep .

All these behavioural skills fall into the easier said than done category but they are all learnable techniques that can be mastered with practice .
all these behavioural skills fall into the easier said than done category but they are all learnable [ways] that can be mastered with practice .

No-one is claiming it is easy to control the conversation , just that with some simple , learnable techniques it is easier on the telephone than in the more complex circumstances of face-to-face meetings .
no-one is claiming it is easy to control the conversation , just that with some simple , learnable [ways] it is easier on the telephone than in the more complex circumstances of face-to-face meetings .

In a few cases they were even using corporate planning techniques to reshape the political face of their councils in ways never envisaged by the Bains or Paterson Reports .
in a few cases they were even using corporate planning [ways] to reshape the political face of their councils in ways never envisaged by the bains or paterson reports .

Secondly , whenever local politics were looked at , they were investigated using quantitative statistical techniques , used to try to find some sort of ‘ link ’ or ‘ association ’ between local inputs ( such as population density , income per capita , degree of urbanization ) and policy outputs ( usually levels of expenditure on particular services ) .
secondly , whenever local politics were looked at , they were investigated using quantitative statistical [ways] , used to try to find some sort of ‘ link ’ or ‘ association ’ between local inputs ( such as population density , income per capita , degree of urbanization ) and policy outputs ( usually levels of expenditure on particular services ) .

These essentially consisted of using multiple regression techniques to test the ‘ relationship ’ between local political outputs and a number of external input variables : a likely looking set of independent variables would be tested against expenditure levels to see if any of the relationships were statistically significant .
these essentially consisted of using multiple regression [ways] to test the ‘ relationship ’ between local political outputs and a number of external input variables : a likely looking set of independent variables would be tested against expenditure levels to see if any of the relationships were statistically significant .

It is a normal sight to see the school technician discussing audio-visual maintenance , helping with a video presentation , instructing children in camera techniques or maintaining duplicating equipment .
it is a normal sight to see the school technician discussing audio-visual maintenance , helping with a video presentation , instructing children in camera [ways] or maintaining duplicating equipment .

It is not surprising , given the political climate of the 1980s , that there have been moves to improve the administration of public services by introducing management techniques more often associated ( in the eyes of government supporters at least ) with private enterprise .
it is not surprising , given the political climate of the 1980s , that there have been moves to improve the administration of public services by introducing management [ways] more often associated ( in the eyes of government supporters at least ) with private enterprise .

Techniques of harmonisation — from uniformity to equivalence
[ways] of harmonisation — from uniformity to equivalence

an understanding of how the system works , and then apply various techniques and heuristics ( rules of thumb ) to manipulate this knowledge ( Fig .
an understanding of how the system works , and then apply various [ways] and heuristics ( rules of thumb ) to manipulate this knowledge ( fig .

Therefore , expert system techniques are attractive but there is a problem .
therefore , expert system [ways] are attractive but there is a problem .

So the aim of the circuit board fault diagnostic initiative was to study the feasibility of rule induction techniques in aiding avionics repair .
so the aim of the circuit board fault diagnostic initiative was to study the feasibility of rule induction [ways] in aiding avionics repair .

Using historical data of 21 arisings of a particular type of circuit board it was possible , using rule induction techniques , to build an expert system .
using historical data of 21 arisings of a particular type of circuit board it was possible , using rule induction [ways] , to build an expert system .

Furthermore , the use of rule induction techniques enabled the project to achieve its objectives a month earlier than expected .
furthermore , the use of rule induction [ways] enabled the project to achieve its objectives a month earlier than expected .

The first stage of this initiative is to computerise the existing procedures using conventional techniques and this has been set in motion .
the first stage of this initiative is to computerise the existing procedures using conventional [ways] and this has been set in motion .

Steve Docker is an aerospace consultant specialising in artificial intelligence techniques applied to aerospace and in particular , expert systems and aircraft maintenance engineering .
steve docker is an aerospace consultant specialising in artificial intelligence [ways] applied to aerospace and in particular , expert systems and aircraft maintenance engineering .

It will not rot , and with today 's improved manufacturing techniques , will not warp or fade .
it will not rot , and with today 's improved manufacturing [ways] , will not warp or fade .

He enjoyed oriental sex techniques , picked up during his days in the Far East , and was keen on applying a pinch of cocaine to the tip of his penis to act as an aphrodisiac .
he enjoyed oriental sex [ways] , picked up during his days in the far east , and was keen on applying a pinch of cocaine to the tip of his penis to act as an aphrodisiac .

Certain techniques perfected and mainly practised in the Orient enable some men to hold out almost indefinitely , but most Western men seem unable to break beyond the six-minute barrier .
certain [ways] perfected and mainly practised in the orient enable some men to hold out almost indefinitely , but most western men seem unable to break beyond the six-minute barrier .

Marie Jennings of the Money Management Council thought it unfair to expose people with little knowledge of sales techniques to ‘ offers ’ such as holiday homes and trying out cars .
marie jennings of the money management council thought it unfair to expose people with little knowledge of sales [ways] to ‘ offers ’ such as holiday homes and trying out cars .

They need a different set of computer techniques to make sense of the more detailed data that will be produced .
they need a different set of computer [ways] to make sense of the more detailed data that will be produced .

There are two main techniques , carbonisation and gasification ; both require very vigorous conditions , especially high temperatures .
there are two main [ways] , carbonisation and gasification ; both require very vigorous conditions , especially high temperatures .

Both techniques could considerably improve the efficiency of electrically-driven heat pumps , making them a more worthwhile proposition .
both [ways] could considerably improve the efficiency of electrically-driven heat pumps , making them a more worthwhile proposition .

More than 10 years passed before a reporter at the Capital Times of Madison discovered that Strickland , in mid-1971 , had become a stockholder and officer in a corporation set up by Heber to sell the very techniques of educational intervention that Strickland credited in his article .
more than 10 years passed before a reporter at the capital times of madison discovered that strickland , in mid-1971 , had become a stockholder and officer in a corporation set up by heber to sell the very [ways] of educational intervention that strickland credited in his article .

But other techniques can also promote this ‘ context ’ or ‘ state-dependent ’ memory .
but other [ways] can also promote this ‘ context ’ or ‘ state-dependent ’ memory .

Techniques that suppress embarrassing expressions of emotion from hypnotised subjects are popular with the police hypnotists like Dr Martin Reiser , the founder of the Law Enforcement Hypnosis Institute in Los Angeles which trains policemen to perform hypnosis .
[ways] that suppress embarrassing expressions of emotion from hypnotised subjects are popular with the police hypnotists like dr martin reiser , the founder of the law enforcement hypnosis institute in los angeles which trains policemen to perform hypnosis .

The same computer techniques could be more usefully employed in standardising the printed word during transition , and the public would become acclimatised through everyday reading rather than need any special training .
the same computer [ways] could be more usefully employed in standardising the printed word during transition , and the public would become acclimatised through everyday reading rather than need any special training .

Add to that the fact that the new techniques of genetic engineering were invoked in the manufacture of interferon and you almost have the makings of a script for a soap opera .
add to that the fact that the new [ways] of genetic engineering were invoked in the manufacture of interferon and you almost have the makings of a script for a soap opera .

The recent upsurge in interest has been generated by the possibility of producing large quantities of interferon using modern techniques , including genetic engineering .
the recent upsurge in interest has been generated by the possibility of producing large quantities of interferon using modern [ways] , including genetic engineering .

But the main culprit seems to be modern farming techniques .
but the main culprit seems to be modern farming [ways] .

But the workers hope to marry them together with the aid of computer techniques to come up with sets of data ‘ signatures ’ that will indicate deposits far beneath the Earth .
but the workers hope to marry them together with the aid of computer [ways] to come up with sets of data ‘ signatures ’ that will indicate deposits far beneath the earth .

Some of the materials will be important in electronics : for instance , researchers will work on new manufacturing techniques for gallium arsenide , which is used in highspeed chips .
some of the materials will be important in electronics : for instance , researchers will work on new manufacturing [ways] for gallium arsenide , which is used in highspeed chips .

Farming comes in for much criticism , largely it appears because farmers have responded to the need to make a livelihood from the land by producing more primary commodities using industrial techniques .
farming comes in for much criticism , largely it appears because farmers have responded to the need to make a livelihood from the land by producing more primary commodities using industrial [ways] .

New techniques of mass-rearing should generate large numbers .
new [ways] of mass-rearing should generate large numbers .

The techniques of the coffee table brigade were seeping through into academia , which was no bad thing .
the [ways] of the coffee table brigade were seeping through into academia , which was no bad thing .

Modern photographic and printing techniques made both atlases feasible ; but there is also a much more fundamental way in which technological innovation has changed , and is continuing to change , the study of igneous rocks .
modern photographic and printing [ways] made both atlases feasible ; but there is also a much more fundamental way in which technological innovation has changed , and is continuing to change , the study of igneous rocks .

The Earth science revolution was made possible in large part by a new found ability to examine the oceanic crust , at first by remote sensing and later through direct access ; and the techniques that revealed the importance of the ocean floors in the plate-tectonic scheme of things were also to provide ever-increasing quantities of data on the rocks hitherto concealed by the world 's oceans .
the earth science revolution was made possible in large part by a new found ability to examine the oceanic crust , at first by remote sensing and later through direct access ; and the [ways] that revealed the importance of the ocean floors in the plate-tectonic scheme of things were also to provide ever-increasing quantities of data on the rocks hitherto concealed by the world 's oceans .

The topics include the techniques and tools of astrophysics , the Galaxy and interstellar matter , stellar structure and evolution , degenerate states of matters , pulsars and compact X-ray sources and , finally , cosmology and big-bang physics .
the topics include the [ways] and tools of astrophysics , the galaxy and interstellar matter , stellar structure and evolution , degenerate states of matters , pulsars and compact x-ray sources and , finally , cosmology and big-bang physics .

The first of the six sections is mainly historical and traces the development of astronomy from megalithic observatories through to the latest electronic observational techniques .
the first of the six sections is mainly historical and traces the development of astronomy from megalithic observatories through to the latest electronic observational [ways] .

( Given the vigour of Victorian excavation techniques and the complexity of the Stonehenge stratigraphy , it is a good thing he refused ! )
( given the vigour of victorian excavation [ways] and the complexity of the stonehenge stratigraphy , it is a good thing he refused ! )

Neither Naisbitt 's shrewdness , however , nor his ear-to-the ground monitoring techniques , can overcome some of the fundamental limitations of his approach .
neither naisbitt 's shrewdness , however , nor his ear-to-the ground monitoring [ways] , can overcome some of the fundamental limitations of his approach .

Michael Haines 's Introduction to farming systems ( Longman , pp 214 , £6.95 ) provides a less partisan entry to the techniques of contemporary agriculture and the economic climate within which it operates .
michael haines 's introduction to farming systems ( longman , pp 214 , £6.95 ) provides a less partisan entry to the [ways] of contemporary agriculture and the economic climate within which it operates .

Trounson , who helped to pioneer techniques for freezing the embryos of cattle while working in Britain during the 1970s , says that research in sheep , mice and cattle indicates that vital factors in effective freezing include the chemical composition and the physical size of the embryonic cells .
trounson , who helped to pioneer [ways] for freezing the embryos of cattle while working in britain during the 1970s , says that research in sheep , mice and cattle indicates that vital factors in effective freezing include the chemical composition and the physical size of the embryonic cells .

He is also conscious of more international trends in higher education such as the encouragement of adult and continuing education — he points out that the city state of Berlin would be particularly well-suited to conduct experiments in the use of techniques such as cable television .
he is also conscious of more international trends in higher education such as the encouragement of adult and continuing education — he points out that the city state of berlin would be particularly well-suited to conduct experiments in the use of [ways] such as cable television .

This particularly affects the young scientists , who fail to acquire necessary training in techniques .
this particularly affects the young scientists , who fail to acquire necessary training in [ways] .

Similar techniques are already being used to deter coyotes which kill sheep , and could prove a very useful management technique ( Science , vol 220 , p 212 ) .
similar [ways] are already being used to deter coyotes which kill sheep , and could prove a very useful management technique ( science , vol 220 , p 212 ) .

What they have to say throws doubt on previous inferences about how labour-intensive Maya agricultural techniques were , at least at San Antonio .
what they have to say throws doubt on previous inferences about how labour-intensive maya agricultural [ways] were , at least at san antonio .

Kerlin is looking at other metals extraction projects that could use similar techniques .
kerlin is looking at other metals extraction projects that could use similar [ways] .

That is , if you exclude from ‘ physics ’ the glamour areas of astronomy and particle physics , leaving the substantial but hard-to define area that includes our knowledge of solids , liquids and gasses , interactions between atoms and electrons , magnetism , instruments and techniques .
that is , if you exclude from ‘ physics ’ the glamour areas of astronomy and particle physics , leaving the substantial but hard-to define area that includes our knowledge of solids , liquids and gasses , interactions between atoms and electrons , magnetism , instruments and [ways] .

it may lead to new techniques for the prospecting of minerals .
it may lead to new [ways] for the prospecting of minerals .

Of course this 6000 includes some individuals that we picked up more than once ; but by marking the toads we ensured that we counted each one only once each year , and standard marking and recapture techniques enabled us to estimate the size of the population , and the annual rate of mortality and recruitment of newly matured adults to the breeding population .
of course this 6000 includes some individuals that we picked up more than once ; but by marking the toads we ensured that we counted each one only once each year , and standard marking and recapture [ways] enabled us to estimate the size of the population , and the annual rate of mortality and recruitment of newly matured adults to the breeding population .

This is the biggest toad population ever recorded but careful studies elsewhere , using similar mark and recapture techniques , will probably reveal others as large or even larger .
this is the biggest toad population ever recorded but careful studies elsewhere , using similar mark and recapture [ways] , will probably reveal others as large or even larger .

Irvin and Martin 's assessment techniques have been in great demand abroad , even as the British science establishment closes ranks against it .
irvin and martin 's assessment [ways] have been in great demand abroad , even as the british science establishment closes ranks against it .

But it is possible that all this evaluation of sites and techniques may be wasted .
but it is possible that all this evaluation of sites and [ways] may be wasted .

Progress in the 19th century lay in improving refining techniques , in finding new uses ( especially in catalysis and electricity ) and discovering new sources , principally in the Urals — after which for a time the Russians adopted platinum coinage .
progress in the 19th century lay in improving refining [ways] , in finding new uses ( especially in catalysis and electricity ) and discovering new sources , principally in the urals — after which for a time the russians adopted platinum coinage .

There followed a reassessment of the two principal investigative techniques .
there followed a reassessment of the two principal investigative [ways] .

The research will concentrate on the use of crops to produce energy and fertilisers ; the development of human and animal vaccines to combat tropical diseases ; the improvement of fermentation techniques and the applications of genetic engineering in agriculture and food processing .
the research will concentrate on the use of crops to produce energy and fertilisers ; the development of human and animal vaccines to combat tropical diseases ; the improvement of fermentation [ways] and the applications of genetic engineering in agriculture and food processing .

‘ Contacts at professional and academic level , seminars , familiarisation with techniques , will build up a rapport which tends to pay off in the long run , ’ he said .
‘ contacts at professional and academic level , seminars , familiarisation with [ways] , will build up a rapport which tends to pay off in the long run , ’ he said .

Nevertheless physicists have known about these effects for a long time ; indeed , measurements of splitting using radio frequency techniques ( with correspondingly low-energy photons ) provided the first direct evidence of non-spherical nuclei .
nevertheless physicists have known about these effects for a long time ; indeed , measurements of splitting using radio frequency [ways] ( with correspondingly low-energy photons ) provided the first direct evidence of non-spherical nuclei .

( The data shown here come from the work of John Griffith and colleagues at Birmingham University who have pioneered many of the techniques in this field . )
( the data shown here come from the work of john griffith and colleagues at birmingham university who have pioneered many of the [ways] in this field . )

One of the problems with laser techniques however is that often the first excited atomic transition — to the next available energy levels of the atom — corresponds to energies in the ultraviolet part of the spectrum , which is as yet inaccessible to lasers .
one of the problems with laser [ways] however is that often the first excited atomic transition — to the next available energy levels of the atom — corresponds to energies in the ultraviolet part of the spectrum , which is as yet inaccessible to lasers .

Flexible Laser systems of Scunthorpe used techniques developed by the laser group at Culham laboratories .
flexible laser systems of scunthorpe used [ways] developed by the laser group at culham laboratories .

Forced to work at home , he developed techniques for preparing and collecting gases using what was to hand .
forced to work at home , he developed [ways] for preparing and collecting gases using what was to hand .

For example , and engineer trained in remote-sensing techniques in the West would be unable to use his knowledge if his own country lacks the computer equipment to make sense of the data .
for example , and engineer trained in remote-sensing [ways] in the west would be unable to use his knowledge if his own country lacks the computer equipment to make sense of the data .

Some cardiologists complained that the heart could never be more than a temporary remedy and that the money spent on the research could be better used for drug therapies and other techniques .
some cardiologists complained that the heart could never be more than a temporary remedy and that the money spent on the research could be better used for drug therapies and other [ways] .

But perhaps the most exiting development has been in the sophistication of techniques used to create novel hybrid cells from two or more different cell types .
but perhaps the most exiting development has been in the sophistication of [ways] used to create novel hybrid cells from two or more different cell types .

Cell fusion techniques such as those used in making monoclonal antibodies for example , have always relied on polyethylene glycol to fuse cell membranes together .
cell fusion [ways] such as those used in making monoclonal antibodies for example , have always relied on polyethylene glycol to fuse cell membranes together .

Using these techniques MacDonald and Wimpey have fused cells of Lycopersicon esculentum with cells of Bos taurus .
using these [ways] macdonald and wimpey have fused cells of lycopersicon esculentum with cells of bos taurus .

During the 18th century there had been a slavish adherence to Isaac Newton 's methods and notation long after Continental mathematicians had developed more efficient techniques .
during the 18th century there had been a slavish adherence to isaac newton 's methods and notation long after continental mathematicians had developed more efficient [ways] .

Occasionally a museum will learn through new dating techniques , or chemical analysis , that a specimen has been wrongly identified and thus should be discarded , or even more rarely , that it was improperly acquired .
occasionally a museum will learn through new dating [ways] , or chemical analysis , that a specimen has been wrongly identified and thus should be discarded , or even more rarely , that it was improperly acquired .

Classic techniques , including radioisotope work , get rather short shrift : on the other hand , there is a welcome chapter on the physical chemistry of intracellular Ca .
classic [ways] , including radioisotope work , get rather short shrift : on the other hand , there is a welcome chapter on the physical chemistry of intracellular ca .

Another way to reduce the consumption of strategic metals is to design components to better tolerances , perhaps with computerised techniques .
another way to reduce the consumption of strategic metals is to design components to better tolerances , perhaps with computerised [ways] .

With computer techniques , a researcher can analyse the image to look for changes in geology .
with computer [ways] , a researcher can analyse the image to look for changes in geology .

Tree belts offer many benefits over conventional techniques of controlling noise .
tree belts offer many benefits over conventional [ways] of controlling noise .

High-temperature gas cleaning techniques remove the water and metal ions which are a natural constituent of silica glass , and attenuate light .
high-temperature gas cleaning [ways] remove the water and metal ions which are a natural constituent of silica glass , and attenuate light .

The observations at Greenwich had been made by different observers at different times , using techniques that depended , to some degree , on the observer 's skill and expertise in his chosen technique .
the observations at greenwich had been made by different observers at different times , using [ways] that depended , to some degree , on the observer 's skill and expertise in his chosen technique .

Both techniques proved to have been subject to persistent human errors which accounted for at least part of the apparent change in the size of the Sun .
both [ways] proved to have been subject to persistent human errors which accounted for at least part of the apparent change in the size of the sun .

Existing techniques are accurate enough to measure such changes in the Sun 's size directly , and monitoring programmes set up in the wake of these various claims and counter-claims will resolve the issue , one way or another , before the end of the decade .
existing [ways] are accurate enough to measure such changes in the sun 's size directly , and monitoring programmes set up in the wake of these various claims and counter-claims will resolve the issue , one way or another , before the end of the decade .

Perhaps the practitioners have just considered problem-solving techniques as ‘ common sense ’ .
perhaps the practitioners have just considered problem-solving [ways] as ‘ common sense ’ .

ready to start the actual solving of the problem , and will use several problem-solving techniques in no particular order .
ready to start the actual solving of the problem , and will use several problem-solving [ways] in no particular order .

That a computer can be taught to work like that has always been a controversial proposition ; even today there are observers who believe that it is impossible to build a machine ( at least with current programming techniques ) that can plan even remotely as well as a human .
that a computer can be taught to work like that has always been a controversial proposition ; even today there are observers who believe that it is impossible to build a machine ( at least with current programming [ways] ) that can plan even remotely as well as a human .

Using staining techniques and toxins that specifically destroy individual nerve cells , neuroscientists have been able to trace the pathway of nerves that send acetylcholine signals in the higher cortex back to their origin , a small region of the forebrain known as the nucleus basalis of Meynert .
using staining [ways] and toxins that specifically destroy individual nerve cells , neuroscientists have been able to trace the pathway of nerves that send acetylcholine signals in the higher cortex back to their origin , a small region of the forebrain known as the nucleus basalis of meynert .

It is simply the most dramatic manifestation of soil degradation , or ‘ desertification ’ , caused by poor agricultural techniques .
it is simply the most dramatic manifestation of soil degradation , or ‘ desertification ’ , caused by poor agricultural [ways] .

The deal follows the recent announcement of the production of a pure form of the hormone by researchers from the institute , using genetic engineering techniques .
the deal follows the recent announcement of the production of a pure form of the hormone by researchers from the institute , using genetic engineering [ways] .

There has been a wholesale , and usually inappropriate , adoption of Western materials and techniques , even including large scale imports of prefabricated or modular housing units .
there has been a wholesale , and usually inappropriate , adoption of western materials and [ways] , even including large scale imports of prefabricated or modular housing units .

Already the biggest obstacle to the dissemination of improved techniques of mud building is that scientists and housing experts have decried mud so much that even the poor , who have no alternative to mud , do not want to live in it .
already the biggest obstacle to the dissemination of improved [ways] of mud building is that scientists and housing experts have decried mud so much that even the poor , who have no alternative to mud , do not want to live in it .

It will require improvements in oil-drilling techniques before they can be exploited .
it will require improvements in oil-drilling [ways] before they can be exploited .

The clay is separated from the matrix in which it occurs by washing it out , using high pressure ‘ monitors ’ , much like water cannons , then employing settling and flotation techniques .
the clay is separated from the matrix in which it occurs by washing it out , using high pressure ‘ monitors ’ , much like water cannons , then employing settling and flotation [ways] .

Since the conductivity is very low , precise techniques would need to be developed for its measurement , which may present very difficult problems to be overcome , but the research programme would be complete once the relevant information had been obtained .
since the conductivity is very low , precise [ways] would need to be developed for its measurement , which may present very difficult problems to be overcome , but the research programme would be complete once the relevant information had been obtained .

The application of sophisticated mathematical techniques and other Blue Skies approaches in engineering may come about through collaboration , but the important point to realise is that once formal or rigorous methods have been developed and applied successfully in one field of engineering , they may be applicable , suitably modified , to others and perhaps lead to more reliable specifications and designs in general .
the application of sophisticated mathematical [ways] and other blue skies approaches in engineering may come about through collaboration , but the important point to realise is that once formal or rigorous methods have been developed and applied successfully in one field of engineering , they may be applicable , suitably modified , to others and perhaps lead to more reliable specifications and designs in general .

Organic chemistry has also profited from matrix isolation techniques .
organic chemistry has also profited from matrix isolation [ways] .

It may have something to do with the different preparation and coating techniques of the lacquer painters .
it may have something to do with the different preparation and coating [ways] of the lacquer painters .

The statistical techniques of time series analysis ( autocorrelation functions and power spectra ) enabled at least three low frequency components of lymph-node movement to be recognised , though they may not all be active at the same time .
the statistical [ways] of time series analysis ( autocorrelation functions and power spectra ) enabled at least three low frequency components of lymph-node movement to be recognised , though they may not all be active at the same time .

In theory , these criticisms are designed to help researchers to improve their work by pointing out ( for instance ) poor techniques , illogical conclusions or misanalysed data .
in theory , these criticisms are designed to help researchers to improve their work by pointing out ( for instance ) poor [ways] , illogical conclusions or misanalysed data .

Over the past couple of millennia , the industry has had its fair share of problems , but modern processing techniques ( not to mention an increased tin price ) promise to extend its life
over the past couple of millennia , the industry has had its fair share of problems , but modern processing [ways] ( not to mention an increased tin price ) promise to extend its life

None of the older mains-communications techniques can provide the necessary two-way signalling between consumer and supplier .
none of the older mains-communications [ways] can provide the necessary two-way signalling between consumer and supplier .

Effective though such techniques may be when goat numbers are low , they make little impact on a large population .
effective though such [ways] may be when goat numbers are low , they make little impact on a large population .

Zeta also provided a major stimulus in diagnostic development : for example , the use of infrared emission and scattering techniques ; and in engineering techniques , for example the use of a continuous stainless-steel bellows vacuum chamber .
zeta also provided a major stimulus in diagnostic development : for example , the use of infrared emission and scattering [ways] ; and in engineering [ways] , for example the use of a continuous stainless-steel bellows vacuum chamber .

In addition , when a sample is analysed by different techniques the results sometimes show substantial variations , while no technique is more precise than about 5 or 10 per cent of the measurement indicated .
in addition , when a sample is analysed by different [ways] the results sometimes show substantial variations , while no technique is more precise than about 5 or 10 per cent of the measurement indicated .

Shaw observed that the pieces made from copper had been manufactured by smithing techniques alone — by twisting , hammering and chasing the metal .
shaw observed that the pieces made from copper had been manufactured by smithing [ways] alone — by twisting , hammering and chasing the metal .

These two techniques of casting are regarded as distinct and having different geographical distributions .
these two [ways] of casting are regarded as distinct and having different geographical distributions .

They have been labelled the ‘ Egyptian ’ ( joined crucible ) and the ‘ Renaissance ’ or ‘ Cinquecento ’ ( separate crucible ) techniques .
they have been labelled the ‘ egyptian ’ ( joined crucible ) and the ‘ renaissance ’ or ‘ cinquecento ’ ( separate crucible ) [ways] .

Recent refinements to production techniques have made tonyu palatable , and in the past three years sales have soared .
recent refinements to production [ways] have made tonyu palatable , and in the past three years sales have soared .

The government is promoting the crop through subsidies to farmers and through research into automated techniques for cultivating soyabean .
the government is promoting the crop through subsidies to farmers and through research into automated [ways] for cultivating soyabean .

The new system should provide reliable dates for objects 60000 years old ; the upper limit with existing radiocarbon techniques is 40000 years .
the new system should provide reliable dates for objects 60000 years old ; the upper limit with existing radiocarbon [ways] is 40000 years .

Although most customers want something like a conventional ferry , but faster , manufacturers have generally used materials and construction techniques from the aircraft industry .
although most customers want something like a conventional ferry , but faster , manufacturers have generally used materials and construction [ways] from the aircraft industry .

But this requires better optical processing techniques and materials .
but this requires better optical processing [ways] and materials .

New lithographic techniques , such as electron-beam or X-ray methods , require their own special resists .
new lithographic [ways] , such as electron-beam or x-ray methods , require their own special resists .

Special skills and techniques are required to observe the behaviour of goats in this rugged , inhospitable environment .
special skills and [ways] are required to observe the behaviour of goats in this rugged , inhospitable environment .

With these three techniques of freezing , fleeing and fighting many prey manage to survive for another day , but there are also more specialised ways of dealing effectively with attackers and these are discussed in more detail in the following chapters .
with these three [ways] of freezing , fleeing and fighting many prey manage to survive for another day , but there are also more specialised ways of dealing effectively with attackers and these are discussed in more detail in the following chapters .

Crafts and techniques Identified In Northwest and Southwest Provinces of Cameroon , 1975/6 The project then examined each of the crafts identified to show how they could be correlated with teaching in other school subjects , in particular , Language , Mathematics and Science .
crafts and [ways] identified in northwest and southwest provinces of cameroon , 1975/6 the project then examined each of the crafts identified to show how they could be correlated with teaching in other school subjects , in particular , language , mathematics and science .

There is a need for such evaluators , but they are surely a very minor part in a much larger process , for evaluation is foremost an attitude of mind backed up by a series of techniques which may , indeed , be very simple and which affect all the workers from the start and throughout the project .
there is a need for such evaluators , but they are surely a very minor part in a much larger process , for evaluation is foremost an attitude of mind backed up by a series of [ways] which may , indeed , be very simple and which affect all the workers from the start and throughout the project .

With any model , however limited , implementation proceeds unevenly and involves participation at local level , a degree of flexibility in plans and among planners , a measure of decentralisation of control and the development of management techniques at local as well as at central level , together with the communication and the partnership which make all these possible .
with any model , however limited , implementation proceeds unevenly and involves participation at local level , a degree of flexibility in plans and among planners , a measure of decentralisation of control and the development of management [ways] at local as well as at central level , together with the communication and the partnership which make all these possible .

Developed techniques of town planning , sophisticated urban growth , have been revealed in many towns in pre-Conquest England .
developed [ways] of town planning , sophisticated urban growth , have been revealed in many towns in pre-conquest england .

More important still were the improved techniques of mining : mines were built under the walls , shored up with timber , which was then burned so that the wall collapsed .
more important still were the improved [ways] of mining : mines were built under the walls , shored up with timber , which was then burned so that the wall collapsed .

Even though he appears to have been born with the skills , he needs to build up a substantial repertoire of techniques .
even though he appears to have been born with the skills , he needs to build up a substantial repertoire of [ways] .

An open air stretch of route at Holywell is being constructed using cut and cover techniques in order to protect the security of the Tunnel between Shakespeare Cliff and Cheriton .
an open air stretch of route at holywell is being constructed using cut and cover [ways] in order to protect the security of the tunnel between shakespeare cliff and cheriton .

Simultaneously , it was being discovered that the ill-chosen or ill-formed materials and techniques used in the new build of the sixties was beginning to break down after only ten years : autopsies on building failures indicated that earlier cavalier attitudes to the intricacies of new technological phenomena such as interstitial condensation and concrete additives , called for newer skills and deeper understanding found only in the education and training of the building surveyor .
simultaneously , it was being discovered that the ill-chosen or ill-formed materials and [ways] used in the new build of the sixties was beginning to break down after only ten years : autopsies on building failures indicated that earlier cavalier attitudes to the intricacies of new technological phenomena such as interstitial condensation and concrete additives , called for newer skills and deeper understanding found only in the education and training of the building surveyor .

This pressure must bring about greater awareness of the need for good management techniques both in the organisation of a practice or department and in the execution of clients ' work .
this pressure must bring about greater awareness of the need for good management [ways] both in the organisation of a practice or department and in the execution of clients ' work .

Ability in the techniques of good management should be a prime objective of all surveyors .
ability in the [ways] of good management should be a prime objective of all surveyors .

Techniques of zero-based and flexible budgeting need organisational sophistication in setting objectives and interpreting results , which may be felt inappropriate to relatively small surveying practices .
[ways] of zero-based and flexible budgeting need organisational sophistication in setting objectives and interpreting results , which may be felt inappropriate to relatively small surveying practices .

And while Toff claims his techniques are very much part of the English slipware tradition , his pots often look like something out of Africa , where he lived for several years .
and while toff claims his [ways] are very much part of the english slipware tradition , his pots often look like something out of africa , where he lived for several years .

’ Free from the limitations and disciplines of catering college , Steve gets his techniques from books , reinforced with an understanding of the raw materials and an eagerness to experiment .
’ free from the limitations and disciplines of catering college , steve gets his [ways] from books , reinforced with an understanding of the raw materials and an eagerness to experiment .

They were mad about boats and being on the water and some of their techniques are still in use today .
they were mad about boats and being on the water and some of their [ways] are still in use today .

At the end there are sequences of free paddling , both at Nottingham and on natural water , allowing the viewers to see practical use of the moves and permitting them to see the film to examine the techniques , the paddling by the six paddlers involved always being very confident and competent .
at the end there are sequences of free paddling , both at nottingham and on natural water , allowing the viewers to see practical use of the moves and permitting them to see the film to examine the [ways] , the paddling by the six paddlers involved always being very confident and competent .

The filmwork has been undertaken by Video Action for the Touring & Recreation Committee and the result is a thoroughly professional film , well edited with its own music and with such techniques as slow motion and freeze frame used where necessary but not excessively .
the filmwork has been undertaken by video action for the touring & recreation committee and the result is a thoroughly professional film , well edited with its own music and with such [ways] as slow motion and freeze frame used where necessary but not excessively .

The teaching of such techniques is an important part of any coaching programme .
the teaching of such [ways] is an important part of any coaching programme .

It can be difficult but necessary at times to carry out this study and to slowly change our own techniques to keep in date with modern developments .
it can be difficult but necessary at times to carry out this study and to slowly change our own [ways] to keep in date with modern developments .

In both techniques the key points of a low paddle shaft , an extended reach , a low centre of gravity and a low shoulder angle are equally relevant .
in both [ways] the key points of a low paddle shaft , an extended reach , a low centre of gravity and a low shoulder angle are equally relevant .

Day or weekend courses are run at clients ' premises and include team tactics , individual techniques , training programmes and video analysis .
day or weekend courses are run at clients ' premises and include team tactics , individual [ways] , training programmes and video analysis .

However , as many canoeists who frequent the rivers Severn and Wye will confirm , the sport of super rafting is rapidly developing both in terms of the number and races and teams around the country and in the techniques and equipment used by the participants .
however , as many canoeists who frequent the rivers severn and wye will confirm , the sport of super rafting is rapidly developing both in terms of the number and races and teams around the country and in the [ways] and equipment used by the participants .

As many rafters are also canoeists , paddling techniques vary from team to team with blade strokes varying from short and fast to long and deep with each team striving to achieve perfect stroke timing .
as many rafters are also canoeists , paddling [ways] vary from team to team with blade strokes varying from short and fast to long and deep with each team striving to achieve perfect stroke timing .

Most humans , after all , have never successfully applied the scientific techniques of meditation to their own minds , including many of today 's ‘ gurus ’ . So until we have fairly set out upon that road , how can we really hope to understand the inner beings of other creatures ?
most humans , after all , have never successfully applied the scientific [ways] of meditation to their own minds , including many of today 's ‘ gurus ’ . so until we have fairly set out upon that road , how can we really hope to understand the inner beings of other creatures ?

They have gradually refined their techniques over the years , with additional factors , such as ley length , continually being built in to the equation .
they have gradually refined their [ways] over the years , with additional factors , such as ley length , continually being built in to the equation .

In 1860 , Baron Karl von Reichenbach ( the discoverer of creosote ) published the results of numerous experiments with sensitives using techniques which enabled them to sense an energy which he called ‘ the odic force ’ , ‘ od ’ or ‘ odyle ’ .
in 1860 , baron karl von reichenbach ( the discoverer of creosote ) published the results of numerous experiments with sensitives using [ways] which enabled them to sense an energy which he called ‘ the odic force ’ , ‘ od ’ or ‘ odyle ’ .

Reich developed techniques for releasing these locked-up emotions by a combination of relaxation , breathing and massage .
reich developed [ways] for releasing these locked-up emotions by a combination of relaxation , breathing and massage .

His therapeutic techniques enabled the blockages to be dissolved and the body 's energy to flow freely .
his therapeutic [ways] enabled the blockages to be dissolved and the body 's energy to flow freely .

Much knowledge has been accumulated since the antiquarians first started to take an interest , and archaeology has become an increasingly scientific discipline , using modern techniques such as aerial photography which has vastly increased the number of known sites , and carbon dating which has caused radical rethinking of accepted chronology .
much knowledge has been accumulated since the antiquarians first started to take an interest , and archaeology has become an increasingly scientific discipline , using modern [ways] such as aerial photography which has vastly increased the number of known sites , and carbon dating which has caused radical rethinking of accepted chronology .

Dowsing has been used in association with more traditional ley-hunting techniques .
dowsing has been used in association with more traditional ley-hunting [ways] .

The use of ritual , which may involve dancing , psychoactive plants and other techniques , may be directed towards the achievement of altered states of consciousness or to specific ends such as healing .
the use of ritual , which may involve dancing , psychoactive plants and other [ways] , may be directed towards the achievement of altered states of consciousness or to specific ends such as healing .

Astrologers have probably come closest to understanding these principles in their use of planetary aspects and in the theory and techniques of harmonic astrology , pioneered by John Addey .
astrologers have probably come closest to understanding these principles in their use of planetary aspects and in the theory and [ways] of harmonic astrology , pioneered by john addey .

Reichian therapy , acupuncture and many other healing techniques have as their basic principle the concept of energy flows in the body .
reichian therapy , acupuncture and many other healing [ways] have as their basic principle the concept of energy flows in the body .

Therefore , the same sort of techniques as those of acupuncture might be used on the landscape to obtain equivalent results .
therefore , the same sort of [ways] as those of acupuncture might be used on the landscape to obtain equivalent results .

Such techniques as aromatherapy seem to operate similarly , and the use of incense to achieve specific effects in meditation and ritual is well established .
such [ways] as aromatherapy seem to operate similarly , and the use of incense to achieve specific effects in meditation and ritual is well established .

We have to learn new techniques to integrate them .
we have to learn new [ways] to integrate them .

Kenner is a strong believer in digital recording techniques , although he thinks the greatest danger with hi-fi purism is that one starts splitting hairs .
kenner is a strong believer in digital recording [ways] , although he thinks the greatest danger with hi-fi purism is that one starts splitting hairs .

Some voices of the past may have been based on shaky techniques , or their use transgressed today 's views about musical taste , but many others still shatter the sense by their beauty , magnificence and sheer character in the vocalisation .
some voices of the past may have been based on shaky [ways] , or their use transgressed today 's views about musical taste , but many others still shatter the sense by their beauty , magnificence and sheer character in the vocalisation .

Proven techniques exist for quantitative assessment of risks .
proven [ways] exist for quantitative assessment of risks .

You would think , therefore , that it would pay agencies to study assiduously not only the editorial content of the pages which are designed to appeal to their potential customers , but also the verbal and visual techniques employed to attract and keep them .
you would think , therefore , that it would pay agencies to study assiduously not only the editorial content of the pages which are designed to appeal to their potential customers , but also the verbal and visual [ways] employed to attract and keep them .

In other words , its techniques are purely editorial : the reader does not have to adjust her mental or emotional state .
in other words , its [ways] are purely editorial : the reader does not have to adjust her mental or emotional state .

Could the new venture , which will trade under the name of Wilson Sumner , see a return to the sales techniques which earned Allied Dunbar the nickname ‘ Allied Crowbar ’ ?
could the new venture , which will trade under the name of wilson sumner , see a return to the sales [ways] which earned allied dunbar the nickname ‘ allied crowbar ’ ?

‘ Selling is about getting on the telephone , ’ Brown says , ‘ and using a variety of techniques involving charm , bullying and whatever else you can muster .
‘ selling is about getting on the telephone , ’ brown says , ‘ and using a variety of [ways] involving charm , bullying and whatever else you can muster .

But he praised their management techniques , which he urged them to share with the world 's business community .
but he praised their management [ways] , which he urged them to share with the world 's business community .

The cross-fertilisation of information and technology from physics and chemistry , for example , can help to fill in some of archaeology 's missing pieces by ‘ bringing new techniques to bear on old major questions ’ , noted Harris .
the cross-fertilisation of information and technology from physics and chemistry , for example , can help to fill in some of archaeology 's missing pieces by ‘ bringing new [ways] to bear on old major questions ’ , noted harris .

‘ The traditional techniques have been to look at these under high power microscopes ’ .
‘ the traditional [ways] have been to look at these under high power microscopes ’ .

Dr Dafydd Griffiths , at the Institute of Archaeology , has been using these techniques to find answers to these questions , which could throw considerable light on past trading routes and cultural contacts .
dr dafydd griffiths , at the institute of archaeology , has been using these [ways] to find answers to these questions , which could throw considerable light on past trading routes and cultural contacts .

These techniques were used during recent excavation at sites on the north bank of the Thames , where deep sequences of mud , sand and gravel , overlying Roman and Saxon timber structures , have been revealed .
these [ways] were used during recent excavation at sites on the north bank of the thames , where deep sequences of mud , sand and gravel , overlying roman and saxon timber structures , have been revealed .

They have been extensively researched and a wide range of sophisticated techniques have been used .
they have been extensively researched and a wide range of sophisticated [ways] have been used .

At the heart of the work lies the development of techniques that can be used to analyse individually worn lenses for all tear components — preferably non-destructively . Excellent progress is being made , but there are still many problems to solve and a great deal of blood , sweat , and tears ahead !
at the heart of the work lies the development of [ways] that can be used to analyse individually worn lenses for all tear components — preferably non-destructively . excellent progress is being made , but there are still many problems to solve and a great deal of blood , sweat , and tears ahead !

The adaptation of microelectronic fabrication techniques has allowed development of solid state ion-selective field effect transistors ( ISFETs ) .
the adaptation of microelectronic fabrication [ways] has allowed development of solid state ion-selective field effect transistors ( isfets ) .

Surface analysis techniques and applications
surface analysis [ways] and applications

The editors speak of a ‘ need for information for non-experts on methodology and application of [ surface analysis ] techniques ’ .
the editors speak of a ‘ need for information for non-experts on methodology and application of [ surface analysis ] [ways] ’ .

The final section deals with using immunoassay techniques in the agrochemical industry , and applying different immunoassay formats to a variety of analytical problems , with specific examples .
the final section deals with using immunoassay [ways] in the agrochemical industry , and applying different immunoassay formats to a variety of analytical problems , with specific examples .

Elsewhere in Sussex the nature of the soils and the distribution of woodland have tended to limit the extent and effects of habitat changes caused by farming , but everywhere important changes in farming techniques have occurred .
elsewhere in sussex the nature of the soils and the distribution of woodland have tended to limit the extent and effects of habitat changes caused by farming , but everywhere important changes in farming [ways] have occurred .

Software Engineering and Database Systems : Database technology and software engineering ; The use of parallel processing techniques for database applications ; New hardware innovations ( such as the transputer ) and the associated software ; The production of a prototype productive database machine .
software engineering and database systems : database technology and software engineering ; the use of parallel processing [ways] for database applications ; new hardware innovations ( such as the transputer ) and the associated software ; the production of a prototype productive database machine .

Statistical techniques for manpower planning : Development of statistical methods for use in manpower planning ; Application of these methods to a large database consisting of career histories of employees working in the public sector .
statistical [ways] for manpower planning : development of statistical methods for use in manpower planning ; application of these methods to a large database consisting of career histories of employees working in the public sector .

Application of multivariate statistical techniques to determine the composition of hemopexin , lactate dehydrodoginase , creatine kinase and pyruvate kinase in carriers and non-carriers with the objective of determining a discriminant function for early diagnosis .
application of multivariate statistical [ways] to determine the composition of hemopexin , lactate dehydrodoginase , creatine kinase and pyruvate kinase in carriers and non-carriers with the objective of determining a discriminant function for early diagnosis .

Defects in Semiconductors : Analysis of the effects associated with low concentration transition metal defects in semiconductors using capacitance techniques .
defects in semiconductors : analysis of the effects associated with low concentration transition metal defects in semiconductors using capacitance [ways] .

This is usually due less to some brilliant inspiration of the moment than to a skilful adaptation of previously made and polished plans and techniques , and is therefore a product of planning rather than an alternative to it .
this is usually due less to some brilliant inspiration of the moment than to a skilful adaptation of previously made and polished plans and [ways] , and is therefore a product of planning rather than an alternative to it .

Formal observation techniques and equipment are designed to reduce this discrepancy to a minimum but the nursing process depends on much more than can be obtained by this means ; therefore it is important for the teacher to have some understanding of the factors that affect the formation of percepts so that she can help the nurse to make accurate judgements where these are possible and to be sufficiently receptive and mentally flexible to consider more than one possible judgement as basis for action .
formal observation [ways] and equipment are designed to reduce this discrepancy to a minimum but the nursing process depends on much more than can be obtained by this means ; therefore it is important for the teacher to have some understanding of the factors that affect the formation of percepts so that she can help the nurse to make accurate judgements where these are possible and to be sufficiently receptive and mentally flexible to consider more than one possible judgement as basis for action .

Employs aseptic techniques in different situations .
employs aseptic [ways] in different situations .

Aseptic techniques require sterile equipment .
aseptic [ways] require sterile equipment .

— Handwashing techniques — application and efficacy
— handwashing [ways] — application and efficacy

The primary goal of audiovisual instruction is learning , and , through research , techniques have been developed to enrich learning .
the primary goal of audiovisual instruction is learning , and , through research , [ways] have been developed to enrich learning .

Ward management techniques , human relationship skills , teaching skills and behaviour patterns can be filmed and played back to the group .
ward management [ways] , human relationship skills , teaching skills and behaviour patterns can be filmed and played back to the group .

Teachers can improve their own demonstration techniques by observing methods shown in films .
teachers can improve their own demonstration [ways] by observing methods shown in films .

As the group becomes more experienced in discussion techniques , its self-confidence should increase .
as the group becomes more experienced in discussion [ways] , its self-confidence should increase .

The course teaches the techniques of design , drawing , model-making , paste-up , photography , rendering , typography , video and computing , and relates them to the equally important techniques of the publishing and manufacturing industries .
the course teaches the [ways] of design , drawing , model-making , paste-up , photography , rendering , typography , video and computing , and relates them to the equally important [ways] of the publishing and manufacturing industries .

The curriculum includes production techniques for the surface decoration of textiles and paper products ; design methods and computer development of design ; pattern movement and colour modulation — essentially relating these to industrial practice .
the curriculum includes production [ways] for the surface decoration of textiles and paper products ; design methods and computer development of design ; pattern movement and colour modulation — essentially relating these to industrial practice .

Students have the opportunity to develop areas of interest with which they may have some familiarity from secondary education but they will also experience new attitudes , techniques , materials and concepts .
students have the opportunity to develop areas of interest with which they may have some familiarity from secondary education but they will also experience new attitudes , [ways] , materials and concepts .

The emphasis within this degree is on acquiring analytic techniques , and applying them to real-world problems .
the emphasis within this degree is on acquiring analytic [ways] , and applying them to real-world problems .

The degree aims to provide students with a sound knowledge of the basic principles , concepts and techniques of business management , with specific reference to their application in the banking and financial services industry ; an understanding of the structure and operation of the industry in a European context ; and the critical , analytical , communications and inter-personal skills needed for a successful career in this rapidly developing field .
the degree aims to provide students with a sound knowledge of the basic principles , concepts and [ways] of business management , with specific reference to their application in the banking and financial services industry ; an understanding of the structure and operation of the industry in a european context ; and the critical , analytical , communications and inter-personal skills needed for a successful career in this rapidly developing field .

In this year students apply higher-level business , analytical and technological techniques to the total management of most styles of operations within the hospitality industry .
in this year students apply higher-level business , analytical and technological [ways] to the total management of most styles of operations within the hospitality industry .

In this year students apply higher-level business , analytical and technological techniques to management within the hotel operations and tourism ventures .
in this year students apply higher-level business , analytical and technological [ways] to management within the hotel operations and tourism ventures .

Students also take integrated courses in music history up to 1860 , compositional techniques and analysis .
students also take integrated courses in music history up to 1860 , compositional [ways] and analysis .

In the third year , students take three units in Musical History and Compositional Techniques and Analysis , concentrating on late 19th and 20th-century music .
in the third year , students take three units in musical history and compositional [ways] and analysis , concentrating on late 19th and 20th-century music .

An option in one language includes an introduction to specialist translation , machine translation techniques and interpreting .
an option in one language includes an introduction to specialist translation , machine translation [ways] and interpreting .

Although it is not primarily vocational , the course provides a valuable training in analytical techniques and writing skills which makes it a valuable preparation for a wide variety of careers , including the media , central and local government , and industrial and commercial management .
although it is not primarily vocational , the course provides a valuable training in analytical [ways] and writing skills which makes it a valuable preparation for a wide variety of careers , including the media , central and local government , and industrial and commercial management .

Fieldwork , both at home and abroad , forms an integral part of the course , and there is also an opportunity to gain experience of survey techniques , cartography , data analysis , computing and remote sensing .
fieldwork , both at home and abroad , forms an integral part of the course , and there is also an opportunity to gain experience of survey [ways] , cartography , data analysis , computing and remote sensing .

They describe the tools and techniques used to create , design and build systems and programs which meet the real needs of users .
they describe the tools and [ways] used to create , design and build systems and programs which meet the real needs of users .

As the technology of computer hardware becomes more established the emphasis will fall increasingly on the power and potential of software to create new techniques and opportunities .
as the technology of computer hardware becomes more established the emphasis will fall increasingly on the power and potential of software to create new [ways] and opportunities .

The role of the computer in solving such problems is stressed and solution techniques are taught in conjunction with the relevant foundations in applicable pure mathematics .
the role of the computer in solving such problems is stressed and solution [ways] are taught in conjunction with the relevant foundations in applicable pure mathematics .

The diversity of designs , is only matched by the variety of materials and techniques used by unknown artisan makers to such spectacular effect .
the diversity of designs , is only matched by the variety of materials and [ways] used by unknown artisan makers to such spectacular effect .

New techniques and developments have taken place to give multi-exposure and animated holograms of subjects that change and move as the viewer looks around them .
new [ways] and developments have taken place to give multi-exposure and animated holograms of subjects that change and move as the viewer looks around them .

If it is possible to use the same basic pattern for a number of guides , this has the advantage of both saving the librarian 's time and making it easier for the user to transfer search techniques from one discipline to another .
if it is possible to use the same basic pattern for a number of guides , this has the advantage of both saving the librarian 's time and making it easier for the user to transfer search [ways] from one discipline to another .

If we divide orientation techniques into those which are media-assisted and those which are not ( eg guided tours ) we find that the former are infrequently used in the college libraries , while university and polytechnic libraries generally employ both the former and the latter .
if we divide orientation [ways] into those which are media-assisted and those which are not ( eg guided tours ) we find that the former are infrequently used in the college libraries , while university and polytechnic libraries generally employ both the former and the latter .

In the college libraries this is a reflection partly of their low budgets , partly of their lack of personnel to develop and innovate with media-assisted techniques , and partly of the formality of their user education programmes as a whole .
in the college libraries this is a reflection partly of their low budgets , partly of their lack of personnel to develop and innovate with media-assisted [ways] , and partly of the formality of their user education programmes as a whole .

The self-instructional media give the students an element of choice , and this is also implicit where there is a variety of orientational techniques or media in operation .
the self-instructional media give the students an element of choice , and this is also implicit where there is a variety of orientational [ways] or media in operation .

It has been observed in education in general that students respond to and learn from some techniques more than others .
it has been observed in education in general that students respond to and learn from some [ways] more than others .

The universities and polytechnics have not been slow to innovate with new techniques .
the universities and polytechnics have not been slow to innovate with new [ways] .

Guides to the literature and techniques of information handling
guides to the literature and [ways] of information handling

The university and polytechnic librarians seem to be on surer ground when they are producing guides on literature search strategies , or guides to the preparation of bibliographical references or guides to the preparation of projects and theses : that is , when they are writing guides to library and information techniques . There are as many of these sorts of guides as literature guides , and one may pose the question more acutely , why are so many of the publications virtually the same ( even in one library there might be virtually the same guide on bibliographical references ) ?
the university and polytechnic librarians seem to be on surer ground when they are producing guides on literature search strategies , or guides to the preparation of bibliographical references or guides to the preparation of projects and theses : that is , when they are writing guides to library and information [ways] . there are as many of these sorts of guides as literature guides , and one may pose the question more acutely , why are so many of the publications virtually the same ( even in one library there might be virtually the same guide on bibliographical references ) ?

In contrast to the type of evaluation that assessed by purely quantitative techniques and data , this strategy or range of techniques could investigate and respond to the complex nature of user education .
in contrast to the type of evaluation that assessed by purely quantitative [ways] and data , this strategy or range of [ways] could investigate and respond to the complex nature of user education .

One suspects that more evaluation has been attempted than reported , partly because of this failure to complete the evaluation and partly because the techniques might be considered as too ‘ soft ’ ( simply qualitative or subjective ) or too ‘ hard ’ ( simply quantitative or objective ) .
one suspects that more evaluation has been attempted than reported , partly because of this failure to complete the evaluation and partly because the [ways] might be considered as too ‘ soft ’ ( simply qualitative or subjective ) or too ‘ hard ’ ( simply quantitative or objective ) .

Firstly , there is wide recognition that the study techniques of higher education students are weak , and , if the small amount of institutional time and lecturing staff devoted to this part of higher education is any measure , there would seem to be some indifference to the students ' shortcomings .
firstly , there is wide recognition that the study [ways] of higher education students are weak , and , if the small amount of institutional time and lecturing staff devoted to this part of higher education is any measure , there would seem to be some indifference to the students ' shortcomings .

This , supposedly , is when students are most committed to independent study and this is when students ' weaknesses in study skills techniques are most readily exposed .
this , supposedly , is when students are most committed to independent study and this is when students ' weaknesses in study skills [ways] are most readily exposed .

This in itself is no bad thing , because academic librarians have not been shy in adopting and adapting new techniques , yet it has to be questioned whether user education , with little institutional finance available , needed such stimulation .
this in itself is no bad thing , because academic librarians have not been shy in adopting and adapting new [ways] , yet it has to be questioned whether user education , with little institutional finance available , needed such stimulation .

The inexperienced therapist often feels that he lacks knowledge of sophisticated treatment techniques .
the inexperienced therapist often feels that he lacks knowledge of sophisticated treatment [ways] .

This chapter is devoted to the description of clinical cases in order to illustrate the practical use of the techniques of assessment and brief problem-orientated treatment that were described in Chapters 4 and 5 .
this chapter is devoted to the description of clinical cases in order to illustrate the practical use of the [ways] of assessment and brief problem-orientated treatment that were described in chapters 4 and 5 .

For this approach to succeed , the patient must want to gain control over her feelings , and be motivated sufficiently to practise the techniques that are suggested .
for this approach to succeed , the patient must want to gain control over her feelings , and be motivated sufficiently to practise the [ways] that are suggested .

These are techniques which require development and evaluation .
these are [ways] which require development and evaluation .

Day-patient care allows close monitoring of the patient 's state while encouraging exploration and development of better ways of coping with problems , which can be enhanced with group therapy techniques ( Temple and Catalan 1977 ) .
day-patient care allows close monitoring of the patient 's state while encouraging exploration and development of better ways of coping with problems , which can be enhanced with group therapy [ways] ( temple and catalan 1977 ) .

going to the toilet and lifting techniques
going to the toilet and lifting [ways]

Lifting and moving techniques
lifting and moving [ways]

Always ask for training on the proper techniques for lifting .
always ask for training on the proper [ways] for lifting .

Although there are bound to be difficulties in comparing different ages and periods , such as different definitions of crime , different measuring techniques and a lack of adequate records and poor communications in previous times , an impression of the style and extent of crime — and of the popular concern about it — can nevertheless be formed .
although there are bound to be difficulties in comparing different ages and periods , such as different definitions of crime , different measuring [ways] and a lack of adequate records and poor communications in previous times , an impression of the style and extent of crime — and of the popular concern about it — can nevertheless be formed .

Paper money and copper-nickel coins are used for making payments in most countries but readers will appreciate that most money in advanced economies takes the form of bank deposits which are transferred between parties by means of cheque , giro and other payment mechanisms or techniques .
paper money and copper-nickel coins are used for making payments in most countries but readers will appreciate that most money in advanced economies takes the form of bank deposits which are transferred between parties by means of cheque , giro and other payment mechanisms or [ways] .

In advanced economies the cheque and associated electronic transfer techniques have become the chief means of payment in the business world .
in advanced economies the cheque and associated electronic transfer [ways] have become the chief means of payment in the business world .

Alternative foreign exchange risk cover techniques
alternative foreign exchange risk cover [ways]

Direct representation enables an international bank to introduce new products and lending techniques into , perhaps , an underdeveloped banking market .
direct representation enables an international bank to introduce new products and lending [ways] into , perhaps , an underdeveloped banking market .

An examination of euro-credit lending techniques will be made in the next two chapters .
an examination of euro-credit lending [ways] will be made in the next two chapters .

The next chapter reviews actual bank lending techniques and practices .
the next chapter reviews actual bank lending [ways] and practices .

The latter must have adequate experience of such lending techniques and high standing in the international banking community .
the latter must have adequate experience of such lending [ways] and high standing in the international banking community .

For example , online techniques are being increasingly used for the rapid transmission of confidential non-publicly available information .
for example , online [ways] are being increasingly used for the rapid transmission of confidential non-publicly available information .

The aim of formalised , competitive intelligence systems is not only to bring all this information together on a continuing basis — perhaps using database techniques ( though as we shall see , there is still considerable scepticism about the cost-effectiveness of such techniques , when compared to manual methods ) .
the aim of formalised , competitive intelligence systems is not only to bring all this information together on a continuing basis — perhaps using database [ways] ( though as we shall see , there is still considerable scepticism about the cost-effectiveness of such [ways] , when compared to manual methods ) .

Unfortunately , we repeatedly confronted situations where managers were busily engaged in developing increasingly sophisticated computer-based techniques for analysing , environmental change , oblivious of the fact that their reports were seldom used by anyone within the firm … .
unfortunately , we repeatedly confronted situations where managers were busily engaged in developing increasingly sophisticated computer-based [ways] for analysing , environmental change , oblivious of the fact that their reports were seldom used by anyone within the firm … .

Environmental analysis techniques , in contrast , are usually analytical and reductionist in their approach .
environmental analysis [ways] , in contrast , are usually analytical and reductionist in their approach .

Twenty years later , we have made some progress in the use of artificial intelligence and knowledge-based techniques to help to solve information-based problems .
twenty years later , we have made some progress in the use of artificial intelligence and knowledge-based [ways] to help to solve information-based problems .

The main purpose of the seminars was to show how the information and library profession is adapting to new technology and merge new techniques with old to produce an unbeatable combination of management skills and techniques .
the main purpose of the seminars was to show how the information and library profession is adapting to new technology and merge new [ways] with old to produce an unbeatable combination of management skills and [ways] .

Librarians and information scientists should concentrate on mapping the information resources of the firm , and making sure that the processes for retrieving individual elements of resource conform with their professional knowledge of information retrieval techniques .
librarians and information scientists should concentrate on mapping the information resources of the firm , and making sure that the processes for retrieving individual elements of resource conform with their professional knowledge of information retrieval [ways] .

Each succeeding system or style drew on the techniques of preceding systems or styles , and all are of interest to the local historian .
each succeeding system or style drew on the [ways] of preceding systems or styles , and all are of interest to the local historian .

Teacher training also tried to provide a methodology and techniques to deal with rural multi-grade schools , which require different skills from those in single grade teaching .
teacher training also tried to provide a methodology and [ways] to deal with rural multi-grade schools , which require different skills from those in single grade teaching .

Research into disciplinary techniques suggests that the extremes of permissiveness and restrictiveness entail risks .
research into disciplinary [ways] suggests that the extremes of permissiveness and restrictiveness entail risks .

It may therefore be profitable to look further at techniques for strengthening positive actions with positive words and deeds .
it may therefore be profitable to look further at [ways] for strengthening positive actions with positive words and deeds .

Negative-reinforcement techniques give parents ( and teachers ) three training methods .
negative-reinforcement [ways] give parents ( and teachers ) three training methods .

Training children in self-control and relaxation techniques gives them control over actual or potentially stressful situations that lead to aggression or ( incidentally ) fearful panic .
training children in self-control and relaxation [ways] gives them control over actual or potentially stressful situations that lead to aggression or ( incidentally ) fearful panic .

There is evidence ( Wolman , 1987 ) that urban economies with larger proportions of those skilled in complex manufacturing techniques and knowledge-based services tend to outperform those urban economies with large proportions of people with lower skills in manufacturing .
there is evidence ( wolman , 1987 ) that urban economies with larger proportions of those skilled in complex manufacturing [ways] and knowledge-based services tend to outperform those urban economies with large proportions of people with lower skills in manufacturing .

With many of the creative accounting techniques implemented by councils in the 1980s being increasingly subject to central control , in the longer term public-sector capital investment looks very much like becoming a minority interest .
with many of the creative accounting [ways] implemented by councils in the 1980s being increasingly subject to central control , in the longer term public-sector capital investment looks very much like becoming a minority interest .

Improved management techniques could include new information Points in the inner cities , a decentralization of some services to deprived areas and the appointment of specialist staff to deal with the problems encountered by the long-term unemployed .
improved management [ways] could include new information points in the inner cities , a decentralization of some services to deprived areas and the appointment of specialist staff to deal with the problems encountered by the long-term unemployed .

They argue that the techniques used to estimate the current and future supply of housing land are flawed and that the industry 's main motive is speculative profit .
they argue that the [ways] used to estimate the current and future supply of housing land are flawed and that the industry 's main motive is speculative profit .

It is possible to use different techniques and arrive at different answers .
it is possible to use different [ways] and arrive at different answers .

The response of the good data analyst is to welcome the discrepancy , and to examine the data even more closely to understand why the techniques differ ; new insights could be on the horizon .
the response of the good data analyst is to welcome the discrepancy , and to examine the data even more closely to understand why the [ways] differ ; new insights could be on the horizon .

You will find that many exploratory techniques require repeated steps before a final fit is found .
you will find that many exploratory [ways] require repeated steps before a final fit is found .

In this chapter , techniques have been presented for smoothing time series data .
in this chapter , [ways] have been presented for smoothing time series data .

Many of the techniques of exploratory data analysis require the repetition of procedures to converge on a fit that minimizes the residuals ; this can make the techniques rather laborious , but it is one side of the trade-off required to get methods of analysis which are resistant to outliers .
many of the [ways] of exploratory data analysis require the repetition of procedures to converge on a fit that minimizes the residuals ; this can make the [ways] rather laborious , but it is one side of the trade-off required to get methods of analysis which are resistant to outliers .

Those who have been exposed to the confirmatory techniques of linear regression may recognize the analogous measures .
those who have been exposed to the confirmatory [ways] of linear regression may recognize the analogous measures .

Regression techniques have their advantages : the lines can be derived in one fell swoop from a formula , and do not require iterating .
regression [ways] have their advantages : the lines can be derived in one fell swoop from a formula , and do not require iterating .

Regression techniques , because they set out to make the squared distances of the residuals from the line as small as possible , can be unduly influenced by a few exceptional data points .
regression [ways] , because they set out to make the squared distances of the residuals from the line as small as possible , can be unduly influenced by a few exceptional data points .

They are therefore much less resistant than the techniques introduced in this chapter .
they are therefore much less resistant than the [ways] introduced in this chapter .

In the third part of this book we shall introduce various data analytic techniques to control for the effect of a third variable .
in the third part of this book we shall introduce various data analytic [ways] to control for the effect of a third variable .

Data analysts must not be put off using the best techniques available in case they are misunderstood , but they have an important responsibility to explain what they have done to try to ensure that misunderstandings do not arise .
data analysts must not be put off using the best [ways] available in case they are misunderstood , but they have an important responsibility to explain what they have done to try to ensure that misunderstandings do not arise .

In chapter 13 we discuss how this is done with contingency tables ; in chapter 14 the technique of standardization is presented , and you learn how to construct a standardized mortality ratio ; in chapter 15 the techniques of chapter 6 , of decomposing variation into a fitted and a residual component , are extended to situations with two explanatory variables .
in chapter 13 we discuss how this is done with contingency tables ; in chapter 14 the technique of standardization is presented , and you learn how to construct a standardized mortality ratio ; in chapter 15 the [ways] of chapter 6 , of decomposing variation into a fitted and a residual component , are extended to situations with two explanatory variables .

However , before proceeding to the techniques of controlling extraneous variables , we must devote a chapter to discussing the logic of the procedure .
however , before proceeding to the [ways] of controlling extraneous variables , we must devote a chapter to discussing the logic of the procedure .

The techniques to be presented in this chapter are designed to examine the relationship between three variables in a contingency table .
the [ways] to be presented in this chapter are designed to examine the relationship between three variables in a contingency table .

They are an extension of the techniques considered in chapters 7 and 8 ( the first four sections of chapter 8 in particular ) and they also build on the arguments about the need for controls presented in chapter 12 .
they are an extension of the [ways] considered in chapters 7 and 8 ( the first four sections of chapter 8 in particular ) and they also build on the arguments about the need for controls presented in chapter 12 .

Confirmatory techniques exist to assess how likely a difference of proportions of a given magnitude is to arise in sample data when it has been drawn from a population in which no such difference exists .
confirmatory [ways] exist to assess how likely a difference of proportions of a given magnitude is to arise in sample data when it has been drawn from a population in which no such difference exists .

In this chapter , techniques for building up systems of the joint influence of variables have been outlined , using differences in proportions as the measure of strength of effect .
in this chapter , [ways] for building up systems of the joint influence of variables have been outlined , using differences in proportions as the measure of strength of effect .

The techniques of control used in contingency tables involved literally holding a variable constant by considering its categories one at a time .
the [ways] of control used in contingency tables involved literally holding a variable constant by considering its categories one at a time .

The techniques themselves are identical whether the variable being controlled is a prior or an intervening variable in the relationship being investigated .
the [ways] themselves are identical whether the variable being controlled is a prior or an intervening variable in the relationship being investigated .

Using data collected over a 2-year period from plots under a variety of management techniques , ranging from maize cultivation to a range of pasture grasses , they report that soil erosion and nutrient losses were greatest from maize ( Zea mays ) and guinea grass ( Panicum maximum Jacq . )
using data collected over a 2-year period from plots under a variety of management [ways] , ranging from maize cultivation to a range of pasture grasses , they report that soil erosion and nutrient losses were greatest from maize ( zea mays ) and guinea grass ( panicum maximum jacq . )

Here , after a rather shaky start in the colonial period ( section 4.4.2 ) , forestry is now practised on a sustainable basis involving a wide range of silvicultural techniques .
here , after a rather shaky start in the colonial period ( section 4.4.2 ) , forestry is now practised on a sustainable basis involving a wide range of silvicultural [ways] .

As Table 8.2 shows , there are many silvicultural techniques that can improve productivity ; all influence the structure of forests and are thus agents of environmental change .
as table 8.2 shows , there are many silvicultural [ways] that can improve productivity ; all influence the structure of forests and are thus agents of environmental change .

The effects of afforestation on soils varies considerably and relates to soil type , species composition of the forest and management , including soil-preparation techniques .
the effects of afforestation on soils varies considerably and relates to soil type , species composition of the forest and management , including soil-preparation [ways] .

In addition , aeration is promoted by preparation techniques which increase the rate of decomposition of soil organic matter and the release of nutrients .
in addition , aeration is promoted by preparation [ways] which increase the rate of decomposition of soil organic matter and the release of nutrients .

New agroforestry techniques have also been developed to increase productivity without disrupting the basic symbiosis which exists between tree crop and annual crop .
new agroforestry [ways] have also been developed to increase productivity without disrupting the basic symbiosis which exists between tree crop and annual crop .

These are examples of environmental biotechnology which are relatively recent innovations in comparison with the long-standing use of such techniques in industrial processes like brewing and fermentation .
these are examples of environmental biotechnology which are relatively recent innovations in comparison with the long-standing use of such [ways] in industrial processes like brewing and fermentation .

In the context of crop improvement , plant breeding programmes utilise several biotechnological techniques to produce stocks of plants with particularly advantageous characteristics such as disease resistance .
in the context of crop improvement , plant breeding programmes utilise several biotechnological [ways] to produce stocks of plants with particularly advantageous characteristics such as disease resistance .

Plants can also be produced using tissue culture techniques , as has been discussed in detail by Tudge ( 1988 ) and Cocking ( 1989 ) , wherein complete plants can be produced from tissue cells , even single cells , grown in vitro .
plants can also be produced using tissue culture [ways] , as has been discussed in detail by tudge ( 1988 ) and cocking ( 1989 ) , wherein complete plants can be produced from tissue cells , even single cells , grown in vitro .

Secondly , the techniques , although not widely developed to date , may culminate in the creation of more productive plant and animal crops that could help alleviate food scarcity problems in developing countries by increasing the viability of traditionally based agroecosystems , thus obviating the need for the cultivation of new lands .
secondly , the [ways] , although not widely developed to date , may culminate in the creation of more productive plant and animal crops that could help alleviate food scarcity problems in developing countries by increasing the viability of traditionally based agroecosystems , thus obviating the need for the cultivation of new lands .

The crudest of these involves matching the centroids of source and target units by minimum distance nearest neighbour techniques .
the crudest of these involves matching the centroids of source and target units by minimum distance nearest neighbour [ways] .

An intermediate method between the point and areal methods uses point-in-polygon techniques ( Burrough 1986 ) to locate the centroids of the source units in the boundaries of the target units . Although relatively unsophisticated , this method is reasonably fast and it seems to work satisfactorily where the target units are much larger than the source units
an intermediate method between the point and areal methods uses point-in-polygon [ways] ( burrough 1986 ) to locate the centroids of the source units in the boundaries of the target units . although relatively unsophisticated , this method is reasonably fast and it seems to work satisfactorily where the target units are much larger than the source units

Also in situations where the target units are much larger than the source units , polygon-in-polygon areal interpolation techniques can be used to obtain reasonable estimates by locating the source units within the target units .
also in situations where the target units are much larger than the source units , polygon-in-polygon areal interpolation [ways] can be used to obtain reasonable estimates by locating the source units within the target units .

Using the techniques described by Newcomer and Szajgin ( 1984 ) Walsh et al .
using the [ways] described by newcomer and szajgin ( 1984 ) walsh et al .

The development of techniques to utilize output data uncertainty estimates ; and
the development of [ways] to utilize output data uncertainty estimates ; and

Other major research priorities for the future in this applications field are the development of response-modelling techniques to explore the factors affecting consumer choice .
other major research priorities for the future in this applications field are the development of response-modelling [ways] to explore the factors affecting consumer choice .

To stimulate the development and the application within the agency of techniques of environmental modelling and forecasting in order that adequate preventative action can be taken at the appropriate time ;
to stimulate the development and the application within the agency of [ways] of environmental modelling and forecasting in order that adequate preventative action can be taken at the appropriate time ;

Techniques for the valuation of environmental resources and effects ;
[ways] for the valuation of environmental resources and effects ;

Perhaps the single most important conclusion to be drawn from this review is that the monitoring , modelling and management of the global environment are tasks which uniquely require the integration of skills and techniques from many disciplines .
perhaps the single most important conclusion to be drawn from this review is that the monitoring , modelling and management of the global environment are tasks which uniquely require the integration of skills and [ways] from many disciplines .

It is also relevant to point out here the work of the Health and Safety Executive in developing techniques for quantitative risk assessment ( Health and Safety Executive 1989 ) .
it is also relevant to point out here the work of the health and safety executive in developing [ways] for quantitative risk assessment ( health and safety executive 1989 ) .

For example , back injury is common among nurses and there is growing concern about the need to instruct nurses in proper lifting techniques ( p. 252 ) and to encourage them to use mechanical lifting devices as much as possible .
for example , back injury is common among nurses and there is growing concern about the need to instruct nurses in proper lifting [ways] ( p. 252 ) and to encourage them to use mechanical lifting devices as much as possible .

Irrespective of facilities , however , Gidley ( 1987 ) discovered that handwashing techniques were lamentable .
irrespective of facilities , however , gidley ( 1987 ) discovered that handwashing [ways] were lamentable .

Campbell pointed out that certain factors may influence noncompliance with accepted techniques , e.g .
campbell pointed out that certain factors may influence noncompliance with accepted [ways] , e.g .

As one of a variety of possible techniques to develop self-confidence , it is sometimes suggested that ‘ assertiveness training ’ is helpful , the idea being that stress is reduced if one knows , in appropriate circumstances , how to be assertive rather than aggressive .
as one of a variety of possible [ways] to develop self-confidence , it is sometimes suggested that ‘ assertiveness training ’ is helpful , the idea being that stress is reduced if one knows , in appropriate circumstances , how to be assertive rather than aggressive .

Fessey ( 1988 ) maintains that assertiveness techniques should be used only if a need requires expression or a right is about to be denied .
fessey ( 1988 ) maintains that assertiveness [ways] should be used only if a need requires expression or a right is about to be denied .

Counselling skills can be learned but they do require practice and Burnard warns that counselling techniques should not be overused or they may indeed impede listening and communication .
counselling skills can be learned but they do require practice and burnard warns that counselling [ways] should not be overused or they may indeed impede listening and communication .

Faulkner ( 1985 ) illustrates how counselling techniques can be used in the context of the nursing process .
faulkner ( 1985 ) illustrates how counselling [ways] can be used in the context of the nursing process .

( In realistic terms , there may be less opportunity for the use of counselling techniques during a brief hospital stay . )
( in realistic terms , there may be less opportunity for the use of counselling [ways] during a brief hospital stay . )

She concludes that a mix of information-giving , teaching techniques and counselling may be required for any one patient .
she concludes that a mix of information-giving , teaching [ways] and counselling may be required for any one patient .

Considering techniques of smelting , fuel and raw materials , workers and their families , why were each of these recent decisions made ?
considering [ways] of smelting , fuel and raw materials , workers and their families , why were each of these recent decisions made ?

A basic premise of sociocultural theory is that all uniquely human , higher forms of thinking—including controlled attention to tasks , memory strategies , reﬂections on experiences and ideas , techniques for solving problems , and imagination—are deeply aected by children ’ s social experiences .
a basic premise of sociocultural theory is that all uniquely human , higher forms of thinking—including controlled attention to tasks , memory strategies , reﬂections on experiences and ideas , [ways] for solving problems , and imagination—are deeply aected by children ’ s social experiences .

What can you do to become friends again ? ” encourages children to reﬂect on their experiences and to think of eective techniques for solving social problems .
what can you do to become friends again ? ” encourages children to reﬂect on their experiences and to think of eective [ways] for solving social problems .

When frustrated , they haven ’ t yet developed many techniques for regulating their emotions .
when frustrated , they haven ’ t yet developed many [ways] for regulating their emotions .

Adults whose parents divorced during their childhoods tend to do less well in terms of educational , vocational , and economic attainment than their counterparts from stable families.78 Regardless of whether fathers remain salient ﬁgures in children ’ s lives , the strongest predictor of good outcomes following divorce is effective parenting—combining warmth with reasonable maturity demands , limiting family conﬂict , and using consistent , nonpunitive discipline.79 Fathers who remain involved and who use good child-rearing techniques contribute greatly to the psychological well-being of children of both genders , with boys showing special beneﬁts .
adults whose parents divorced during their childhoods tend to do less well in terms of educational , vocational , and economic attainment than their counterparts from stable families.78 regardless of whether fathers remain salient ﬁgures in children ’ s lives , the strongest predictor of good outcomes following divorce is effective parenting—combining warmth with reasonable maturity demands , limiting family conﬂict , and using consistent , nonpunitive discipline.79 fathers who remain involved and who use good child-rearing [ways] contribute greatly to the psychological well-being of children of both genders , with boys showing special beneﬁts .

These techniques are appropriate for children who lack social skills and therefore , at least initially , beneﬁt from clear direction .
these [ways] are appropriate for children who lack social skills and therefore , at least initially , beneﬁt from clear direction .

Our approach to the problem was to use operations research techniques and computer simulations of demand to explore the appropriate inventory levels , taking into account the statistical nature of the weekly demand for each of the SKUs for a style .
our approach to the problem was to use operations research [ways] and computer simulations of demand to explore the appropriate inventory levels , taking into account the statistical nature of the weekly demand for each of the skus for a style .

The straight-line system ( SLS ) also attempted to apply Tayloristic notions to apparel but in a way that had more in common with scientific management techniques used in other manufacturing industries .
the straight-line system ( sls ) also attempted to apply tayloristic notions to apparel but in a way that had more in common with scientific management [ways] used in other manufacturing industries .

Part of HCTAR ’ s research effort has resulted in new automatic marker-making software based on computational geometry techniques .
part of hctar ’ s research effort has resulted in new automatic marker-making software based on computational geometry [ways] .

The general public interest in the possibilities of mass customization is evidenced by a recent article in The New York Times describing the techniques and reporting that representatives of several apparel firms expressed interest in exploring the public willingness to pay for better fitting clothing .
the general public interest in the possibilities of mass customization is evidenced by a recent article in the new york times describing the [ways] and reporting that representatives of several apparel firms expressed interest in exploring the public willingness to pay for better fitting clothing .

Even after we control for these factors using multiple regression techniques , the number of innovative practices adopted by business units have a statistically significant positive effect on lead time .
even after we control for these factors using multiple regression [ways] , the number of innovative practices adopted by business units have a statistically significant positive effect on lead time .

The company will need to decide which auto SKU ( or subassemblies ) to produce using traditional assembly techniques and which to produce with short-cycle production methods .
the company will need to decide which auto sku ( or subassemblies ) to produce using traditional assembly [ways] and which to produce with short-cycle production methods .

BMW will also need to combine information technologies , planning and forecasting methods , and production techniques to implement such strategies.24 Similar pressure to innovate automobile distri-bution and production is also increasing because of the emergence of new retailers like Car Max Auto Superstores and the United Auto Group , which operate under principles more akin to lean retailing .
bmw will also need to combine information technologies , planning and forecasting methods , and production [ways] to implement such strategies.24 similar pressure to innovate automobile distri-bution and production is also increasing because of the emergence of new retailers like car max auto superstores and the united auto group , which operate under principles more akin to lean retailing .

Once again , this requires a combination of practices ; by using advanced forecasting methods and innovative production techniques , apparel-makers may be able to respond in very short periods of time to point-of-sale information regarding sale of products with higher fashion content .
once again , this requires a combination of practices ; by using advanced forecasting methods and innovative production [ways] , apparel-makers may be able to respond in very short periods of time to point-of-sale information regarding sale of products with higher fashion content .

Inevitably , the dressmaker ’ s techniques of embroidering , gathering , pleating , and trimming find their way into décor .
inevitably , the dressmaker ’ s [ways] of embroidering , gathering , pleating , and trimming find their way into décor .

Although sophisticated building techniques and innovative materials play a major role in Gehry ’ s buildings , like Hunt , he keeps technology off center stage .
although sophisticated building [ways] and innovative materials play a major role in gehry ’ s buildings , like hunt , he keeps technology off center stage .

There are many techniques employed to arrive at a unique personal style .
there are many [ways] employed to arrive at a unique personal style .

These hypotheses are fully testable using today ’ s experimental techniques .
these hypotheses are fully testable using today ’ s experimental [ways] .

Far more progressive than the Archaics , the Anasazi utilized such formal agricultural techniques as irrigation to assist their harvest .
far more progressive than the archaics , the anasazi utilized such formal agricultural [ways] as irrigation to assist their harvest .

Unable to replicate the agricultural techniques of the Anasazi , the Paiutes were destined to a semi-nomadic lifestyle until European settlers arrived , changing the nature of existence in the valley forever .
unable to replicate the agricultural [ways] of the anasazi , the paiutes were destined to a semi-nomadic lifestyle until european settlers arrived , changing the nature of existence in the valley forever .

In the sparkling , unpolluted sea , fishing techniques haven ’ t changed much since Columbus claimed these remote outposts for Spain almost 500 years ago .
in the sparkling , unpolluted sea , fishing [ways] haven ’ t changed much since columbus claimed these remote outposts for spain almost 500 years ago .

In the Indus river valley , improved techniques permitted the storage of wheat and barley beyond daily needs , and so the cities of Harappa and Mohenjodaro emerged in the year 2300 b.c .
in the indus river valley , improved [ways] permitted the storage of wheat and barley beyond daily needs , and so the cities of harappa and mohenjodaro emerged in the year 2300 b.c .

On the lower floor of the Royal Palace , Laich Hall has been restored as closely as possible to its 1617 décor , using traditional techniques and colors .
on the lower floor of the royal palace , laich hall has been restored as closely as possible to its 1617 décor , using traditional [ways] and colors .

It wasn ’ t all warfare — the Indians taught the settlers fishing and weaving techniques still in use today .
it wasn ’ t all warfare — the indians taught the settlers fishing and weaving [ways] still in use today .

The Vikings also introduced coinage and better ship-building techniques .
the vikings also introduced coinage and better ship-building [ways] .

Although much of the castle ’ s interior seems dark and austere , this highlights the magnificent wood floors and paneling and the superb joinery and construction techniques .
although much of the castle ’ s interior seems dark and austere , this highlights the magnificent wood floors and paneling and the superb joinery and construction [ways] .

The Ohara Tokikan pottery hall is devoted to the work of modern pottery masters Kanjiro Kawai , Shoji Hamada , and Kenkichi Tomimoto , as well as their much admired friend , Bernard Leach , the influential British potter credited with popularizing Japanese rustic ceramic styles and techniques abroad .
the ohara tokikan pottery hall is devoted to the work of modern pottery masters kanjiro kawai , shoji hamada , and kenkichi tomimoto , as well as their much admired friend , bernard leach , the influential british potter credited with popularizing japanese rustic ceramic styles and [ways] abroad .

This involves a morning or afternoon of theory and shallow-water work , giving you an opportunity to try out the basic techniques before committing yourself a full open-water course .
this involves a morning or afternoon of theory and shallow-water work , giving you an opportunity to try out the basic [ways] before committing yourself a full open-water course .

Using similar techniques , furniture is likely to be expensive , but framed pictures of Tuscan landscapes or views of Florence are more moderately priced and , as souvenirs go , tastefully done .
using similar [ways] , furniture is likely to be expensive , but framed pictures of tuscan landscapes or views of florence are more moderately priced and , as souvenirs go , tastefully done .

This disappearing art form — still going strong in Madeira — is an amalgam of styles and techniques gathered over more than 150 years .
this disappearing art form — still going strong in madeira — is an amalgam of styles and [ways] gathered over more than 150 years .

Even today , there are those on Porto Santo who will tell you that it was due to his time spent there that Christopher Columbus learned navigation techniques and the ways of the ocean , and found the inspiration to undertake his voyage of 1492 .
even today , there are those on porto santo who will tell you that it was due to his time spent there that christopher columbus learned navigation [ways] and the ways of the ocean , and found the inspiration to undertake his voyage of 1492 .

Kelatan ’ s silversmiths use two techniques , the “ filigree ” and “ repousse , ” and items range from the purely ornamental to the functional .
kelatan ’ s silversmiths use two [ways] , the “ filigree ” and “ repousse , ” and items range from the purely ornamental to the functional .

You can take a free tour of the “ factory , ” housed in a 200-year-old farmhouse , where you can watch the process of perfume production , including the techniques for collecting the ripe blooms .
you can take a free tour of the “ factory , ” housed in a 200-year-old farmhouse , where you can watch the process of perfume production , including the [ways] for collecting the ripe blooms .

Diving centers also offer an introductory session known as the “ Discover Scuba Program , ” which includes a morning or afternoon of theory and swimming-pool work to give you the chance to practice the basic techniques .
diving centers also offer an introductory session known as the “ discover scuba program , ” which includes a morning or afternoon of theory and swimming-pool work to give you the chance to practice the basic [ways] .

Professor Semmelweis , who was born here in 1815 , discovered the cause of puerperal fever and thus became known as the “ Saviour of Mothers. ” The museum is a lively , sometimes gruesome , trawl through old instruments and techniques , some of which appear far worse than the condition they were intended to relieve .
professor semmelweis , who was born here in 1815 , discovered the cause of puerperal fever and thus became known as the “ saviour of mothers. ” the museum is a lively , sometimes gruesome , trawl through old instruments and [ways] , some of which appear far worse than the condition they were intended to relieve .

A fascinating permanent exhibition , showing the progress of native arts and crafts techniques from the 12th century onwards , is augmented by a variety of temporary exhibitions , which are usually of a very high quality , on more specialized subjects .
a fascinating permanent exhibition , showing the progress of native arts and crafts [ways] from the 12th century onwards , is augmented by a variety of temporary exhibitions , which are usually of a very high quality , on more specialized subjects .

Local handicrafts reflect a mix of traditional Spanish and African techniques and styles .
local handicrafts reflect a mix of traditional spanish and african [ways] and styles .

Many centers also offer an introductory session , commonly known as the “ Discover Scuba Program. ” This involves a morning or afternoon of theory and swimming pool work , which will give you the chance to try out the basic techniques .
many centers also offer an introductory session , commonly known as the “ discover scuba program. ” this involves a morning or afternoon of theory and swimming pool work , which will give you the chance to try out the basic [ways] .

You can also take a look behind the scenes and learn about techniques that are used to create film ’ s great illusions .
you can also take a look behind the scenes and learn about [ways] that are used to create film ’ s great illusions .

Many centers also offer an introductory session commonly known as the “ Discover SCUBA Program. ” This involves a morning or afternoon of theory and shallow water work , giving you the chance to try out the basic techniques before you decide to do the full open water course .
many centers also offer an introductory session commonly known as the “ discover scuba program. ” this involves a morning or afternoon of theory and shallow water work , giving you the chance to try out the basic [ways] before you decide to do the full open water course .

Like Ubud , Batuan developed a distinctive painting style in the 1930s when Western techniques influenced the local artists ( see page 53 ) .
like ubud , batuan developed a distinctive painting style in the 1930s when western [ways] influenced the local artists ( see page 53 ) .

Look for the work of I Gusti Nyoman Lempad , one of the first artists to adopt Western techniques and bring the flat wayang figures of traditional painting to life .
look for the work of i gusti nyoman lempad , one of the first artists to adopt western [ways] and bring the flat wayang figures of traditional painting to life .

Prehistoric techniques for fishing and trapping have continued right into modern times , though bone has been replaced by steel in the weapons .
prehistoric [ways] for fishing and trapping have continued right into modern times , though bone has been replaced by steel in the weapons .

Many centers also offer an introductory session commonly known as the “ Discover Scuba Programme. ” This involves a morning or afternoon of theory and swimming-pool work that will give you the chance to try out the basic techniques .
many centers also offer an introductory session commonly known as the “ discover scuba programme. ” this involves a morning or afternoon of theory and swimming-pool work that will give you the chance to try out the basic [ways] .

Newfoundland ’ s fisheries were equally hard hit when modern refrigeration made it possible for foreign companies to dispense with the island ’ s centuries-old drying techniques .
newfoundland ’ s fisheries were equally hard hit when modern refrigeration made it possible for foreign companies to dispense with the island ’ s centuries-old drying [ways] .

A little museum shows you their tools , techniques , and a few molar-sized bits of gold .
a little museum shows you their tools , [ways] , and a few molar-sized bits of gold .

The Stampede was originally conceived to show all the techniques and excitement of rounding up cattle on the prairies .
the stampede was originally conceived to show all the [ways] and excitement of rounding up cattle on the prairies .

This beautifully organized museum , drawing on the most modern audiovisual techniques , is named after Joseph Tyrrell , the geologist who made the first discovery of Alberta ’ s 65-million-year-old dinosaurs while surveying coal seams along the Red Deer River in 1884 .
this beautifully organized museum , drawing on the most modern audiovisual [ways] , is named after joseph tyrrell , the geologist who made the first discovery of alberta ’ s 65-million-year-old dinosaurs while surveying coal seams along the red deer river in 1884 .

With the subsequent development of new navigational techniques , it was no longer necessary to stay within sight of land .
with the subsequent development of new navigational [ways] , it was no longer necessary to stay within sight of land .

Listen to the groaning of injured pirates and witness the rudimentary and unsanitary surgical techniques that led to so many deaths — the ship ’ s carpenter doubled as surgeon .
listen to the groaning of injured pirates and witness the rudimentary and unsanitary surgical [ways] that led to so many deaths — the ship ’ s carpenter doubled as surgeon .

Buddhism in Tibet and Nepal is influenced by elements of Tantrism , techniques to speed up enlightenment .
buddhism in tibet and nepal is influenced by elements of tantrism , [ways] to speed up enlightenment .

A 1995 meta-analysis of 32 alcohol treatment modalities found that brief motivational counseling ranks near the top in four categories : 1 ) total amount of research to investigate the modality , 2 ) methodological quality of research , 3 ) number of studies demonstrating improved outcomes , and 4 ) cost effectiveness.37 Therefore , research should not focus on foundational and efficacy trials , but on the practical matter of successfully adapting proven intervention techniques to the emergency department setting .
a 1995 meta-analysis of 32 alcohol treatment modalities found that brief motivational counseling ranks near the top in four categories : 1 ) total amount of research to investigate the modality , 2 ) methodological quality of research , 3 ) number of studies demonstrating improved outcomes , and 4 ) cost effectiveness.37 therefore , research should not focus on foundational and efficacy trials , but on the practical matter of successfully adapting proven intervention [ways] to the emergency department setting .

The intervention was a single motivational interview that lasted approximately 30 minutes with a doctoral-level psychologist trained and certified in motivational interviewing techniques .
the intervention was a single motivational interview that lasted approximately 30 minutes with a doctoral-level psychologist trained and certified in motivational interviewing [ways] .

Who delivers what type of intervention Most of the interventions described previously were conducted by specialists trained in alcohol or substance abuse counseling or in motivational interviewing techniques .
who delivers what type of intervention most of the interventions described previously were conducted by specialists trained in alcohol or substance abuse counseling or in motivational interviewing [ways] .

Serious logistical challenges remain in developing systems that facilitate the use of these techniques on a regular basis .
serious logistical challenges remain in developing systems that facilitate the use of these [ways] on a regular basis .

In the next few years , a variety of exciting intervention techniques will be tested in EDs and urgent care clinics .
in the next few years , a variety of exciting intervention [ways] will be tested in eds and urgent care clinics .

Robert Woolard , MD Many patients in the emergency department ( ED ) have alcohol problems , and they can be identified.1 Research on techniques used to identify these patients has been conducted , but several areas of interest should be addressed by further research .
robert woolard , md many patients in the emergency department ( ed ) have alcohol problems , and they can be identified.1 research on [ways] used to identify these patients has been conducted , but several areas of interest should be addressed by further research .

We must be careful not to employ screening techniques that do not address important subgroups.41 Evidence of such low sensitivity in an important subgroup may necessitate use of multiple screens tailored to subgroups .
we must be careful not to employ screening [ways] that do not address important subgroups.41 evidence of such low sensitivity in an important subgroup may necessitate use of multiple screens tailored to subgroups .

Self-administered questionnaires , computer screen interactions , or interview techniques may be easier to implement .
self-administered questionnaires , computer screen interactions , or interview [ways] may be easier to implement .

He believed that the screen can have an interventive effect , so he wanted research on whether patients fare as well with a screen as they do with brief advice or more sophisticated techniques .
he believed that the screen can have an interventive effect , so he wanted research on whether patients fare as well with a screen as they do with brief advice or more sophisticated [ways] .

Typically , companies and their advisors try to minimize the visibility of such techniques in order to avoid public criticism .
typically , companies and their advisors try to minimize the visibility of such [ways] in order to avoid public criticism .

Although the techniques used varied depending on the organization 's size and culture and some efforts were more mature than others , the goals , practices , and success factors outlined in the following illustration were instrumental in the organization achieving its vision .
although the [ways] used varied depending on the organization 's size and culture and some efforts were more mature than others , the goals , practices , and success factors outlined in the following illustration were instrumental in the organization achieving its vision .

The programs ' course work focuses initially on the tools and techniques of advanced accounting and finance as well as general business skills .
the programs ' course work focuses initially on the tools and [ways] of advanced accounting and finance as well as general business skills .

Texas used the results to improve its fraud and abuse detection process by considering certain high-risk areas in the development of data analysis techniques in its Medicaid Fraud and Abuse Detection System ( MFADS ) .
texas used the results to improve its fraud and abuse detection process by considering certain high-risk areas in the development of data analysis [ways] in its medicaid fraud and abuse detection system ( mfads ) .

Control activities are the policies , procedures , techniques , and mechanisms that are designed to help ensure that management 's decisions and plans are carried out .
control activities are the policies , procedures , [ways] , and mechanisms that are designed to help ensure that management 's decisions and plans are carried out .

However , recognizing that some overpayments are inevitable , agencies also need to adopt effective detection techniques to quickly identify and recover them .
however , recognizing that some overpayments are inevitable , agencies also need to adopt effective detection [ways] to quickly identify and recover them .

The data sharing , data mining , and neural networking techniques discussed in this guide are powerful internal control tools that provide more useful and timely access to information .
the data sharing , data mining , and neural networking [ways] discussed in this guide are powerful internal control tools that provide more useful and timely access to information .

The use of these techniques can achieve potentially significant savings by identifying client-related reporting errors and misinformation during the eligibility determination process-before payments are made-or by detecting improper payments that have been made .
the use of these [ways] can achieve potentially significant savings by identifying client-related reporting errors and misinformation during the eligibility determination process-before payments are made-or by detecting improper payments that have been made .

The large number of computerized claims processed by Medicare also lends itself to the application of data mining techniques .
the large number of computerized claims processed by medicare also lends itself to the application of data mining [ways] .

Recovery auditing can incorporate data mining techniques .
recovery auditing can incorporate data mining [ways] .

The company recently began using recovery auditing techniques on accounts payable information to prevent improper payments before they occurred .
the company recently began using recovery auditing [ways] on accounts payable information to prevent improper payments before they occurred .

Observations Our study identified many techniques and approaches that organizations have used and found effective in reducing their levels of improper payments that could be used by federal agencies to help reduce improper payments in their programs .
observations our study identified many [ways] and approaches that organizations have used and found effective in reducing their levels of improper payments that could be used by federal agencies to help reduce improper payments in their programs .

The techniques and approaches shared a common focus of improving the internal control systems over the problem areas and generally included actions in five areas-control environment , risk assessment , control activities , information and communications , and monitoring .
the [ways] and approaches shared a common focus of improving the internal control systems over the problem areas and generally included actions in five areas-control environment , risk assessment , control activities , information and communications , and monitoring .

As outlined below , we used several techniques to identify the study participants .
as outlined below , we used several [ways] to identify the study participants .

Through this organization , three companies volunteered to participate in our study and supplied us with information on the techniques they used and considered effective in reducing improper payments .
through this organization , three companies volunteered to participate in our study and supplied us with information on the [ways] they used and considered effective in reducing improper payments .

The institute is dedicated to educating business and information technology professionals about the strategies , techniques , and tools required to successfully design , build , and maintain data warehouses .
the institute is dedicated to educating business and information technology professionals about the strategies , [ways] , and tools required to successfully design , build , and maintain data warehouses .

Agencies used a variety of training techniques to help employees adjust to organizational and operational changes .
agencies used a variety of training [ways] to help employees adjust to organizational and operational changes .

Each of these practices contains specific examples of the techniques used by these organizations to increase their security program 's effectiveness .
each of these practices contains specific examples of the [ways] used by these organizations to increase their security program 's effectiveness .

Initiatives that we suggested for the CIO Council to consider incorporating in its strategic plan included developing information on the existing security risks associated with nonclassified systems currently in use , developing information on the risks associated with evolving practices , such as Internet use , identifying best practices regarding information security programs so that they can be adopted by federal agencies , establishing a program for reviewing the adequacy of individual agency information security programs using interagency teams of reviewers , ensuring adequate review coverage of agency information security practices by considering the scope of various types of audits and reviews performed and acting to address any identified gaps in coverage , developing or identifying training and certification programs that could be shared among agencies , and identifying proven security tools and techniques .
initiatives that we suggested for the cio council to consider incorporating in its strategic plan included developing information on the existing security risks associated with nonclassified systems currently in use , developing information on the risks associated with evolving practices , such as internet use , identifying best practices regarding information security programs so that they can be adopted by federal agencies , establishing a program for reviewing the adequacy of individual agency information security programs using interagency teams of reviewers , ensuring adequate review coverage of agency information security practices by considering the scope of various types of audits and reviews performed and acting to address any identified gaps in coverage , developing or identifying training and certification programs that could be shared among agencies , and identifying proven security tools and [ways] .

Further , NIST has issued numerous Federal Information Processing Standards , as well as a comprehensive description of basic concepts and techniques entitled An Introduction to Computer Security : The NIST Handbook , Special Publication 800-12 , December 1995 , and Generally Accepted Principles and Practices for Securing Information Technology Systems,3 published in September 1996 .
further , nist has issued numerous federal information processing standards , as well as a comprehensive description of basic concepts and [ways] entitled an introduction to computer security : the nist handbook , special publication 800-12 , december 1995 , and generally accepted principles and practices for securing information technology systems,3 published in september 1996 .

Although powerful technical controls , such as those involving encryption , are becoming increasingly available to facilitate information security , effective implementation requires that these techniques be thoughtfully selected and that their use be monitored and managed on an ongoing basis .
although powerful technical controls , such as those involving encryption , are becoming increasingly available to facilitate information security , effective implementation requires that these [ways] be thoughtfully selected and that their use be monitored and managed on an ongoing basis .

Principles Were Implemented Though Similar Practices The organizations had developed similar sets of practices to implement the five risk management principles , although the techniques they employed varied depending on each organization 's size and culture .
principles were implemented though similar practices the organizations had developed similar sets of practices to implement the five risk management principles , although the [ways] they employed varied depending on each organization 's size and culture .

The following pages provide a more detailed discussion of these practices and illustrative examples of the techniques used to implement them by the organizations we studied .
the following pages provide a more detailed discussion of these practices and illustrative examples of the [ways] used to implement them by the organizations we studied .

Other organizations had developed less formal and comprehensive techniques for ensuring that risks were considered prior to changes in operations .
other organizations had developed less formal and comprehensive [ways] for ensuring that risks were considered prior to changes in operations .

In addition , there are limited data on the full costs of damage caused by security weaknesses and on the operational costs of specific control techniques .
in addition , there are limited data on the full costs of damage caused by security weaknesses and on the operational costs of specific control [ways] .

Accordingly , security specialists had assumed the role of educators , advisors , and facilitators who helped ensure that business managers were aware of risks and of control techniques that had been or could be implemented to mitigate the risks .
accordingly , security specialists had assumed the role of educators , advisors , and facilitators who helped ensure that business managers were aware of risks and of control [ways] that had been or could be implemented to mitigate the risks .

Researching potential threats , vulnerabilities , and control techniques and communicating this information to others in the organization .
researching potential threats , vulnerabilities , and control [ways] and communicating this information to others in the organization .

In addition , they recognized that staff expertise had to be frequently updated to keep abreast of ongoing changes in threats , vulnerabilities , software , security techniques , and security monitoring tools .
in addition , they recognized that staff expertise had to be frequently updated to keep abreast of ongoing changes in threats , vulnerabilities , software , security [ways] , and security monitoring tools .

Additional techniques for communicating information security policies are discussed in the next section on promoting awareness .
additional [ways] for communicating information security policies are discussed in the next section on promoting awareness .

Such techniques , often referred to as `` social engineering , '' exploit users ' tendencies to be cooperative and helpful , instead of guarded , careful , and suspicious , when information is requested .
such [ways] , often referred to as `` social engineering , '' exploit users ' tendencies to be cooperative and helpful , instead of guarded , careful , and suspicious , when information is requested .

Practice 13 : Use Attention-Getting and User-Friendly Techniques To get their message across , the central security groups used a variety of training and promotional techniques to make organizational policies readily accessible , educate users on these policies , and keep security concerns in the forefront of users ' minds .
practice 13 : use attention-getting and user-friendly [ways] to get their message across , the central security groups used a variety of training and promotional [ways] to make organizational policies readily accessible , educate users on these policies , and keep security concerns in the forefront of users ' minds .

Techniques used included intranet websites that communicated and explained information security related policies , standards , procedures , alerts , and special notes ; awareness videos with enthusiastic endorsements from top management for the security program to supplement basic guidance , such as the importance of backing up files and protecting passwords ; interactive presentations by security staff to various user groups to market the services provided by the central information security group and answer user questions ; and security awareness day and products with security-related slogans .
[ways] used included intranet websites that communicated and explained information security related policies , standards , procedures , alerts , and special notes ; awareness videos with enthusiastic endorsements from top management for the security program to supplement basic guidance , such as the importance of backing up files and protecting passwords ; interactive presentations by security staff to various user groups to market the services provided by the central information security group and answer user questions ; and security awareness day and products with security-related slogans .

They used various techniques to do this , and several mentioned their efforts to identify , evaluate , and implement new , more effective tools as they become available .
they used various [ways] to do this , and several mentioned their efforts to identify , evaluate , and implement new , more effective tools as they become available .

Testing the Effectiveness of Controls Directly testing control effectiveness was cited most often as an effective way to determine if the risk reduction techniques that had been agreed to were , in fact , operating effectively .
testing the effectiveness of controls directly testing control effectiveness was cited most often as an effective way to determine if the risk reduction [ways] that had been agreed to were , in fact , operating effectively .

Several organizations periodically tested system and network access controls by allowing designated individuals to try to `` break into '' their systems using the latest hacking techniques .
several organizations periodically tested system and network access controls by allowing designated individuals to try to `` break into '' their systems using the latest hacking [ways] .

We also discussed assessment techniques with experts at NIST .
we also discussed assessment [ways] with experts at nist .

For this reason , improved data and measurement techniques may be available in the future .
for this reason , improved data and measurement [ways] may be available in the future .

When weaknesses are discovered , the business managers are expected to either improve compliance with existing policies or consult with the corporation 's security experts regarding the feasibility of implementing new policies or control techniques .
when weaknesses are discovered , the business managers are expected to either improve compliance with existing policies or consult with the corporation 's security experts regarding the feasibility of implementing new policies or control [ways] .

Practice 16 : Be Alert to New Monitoring Tools and Techniques The security specialists said that they were constantly looking for new tools to test the security of their computerized operations .
practice 16 : be alert to new monitoring tools and [ways] the security specialists said that they were constantly looking for new tools to test the security of their computerized operations .

Similarly , as discussed previously , managers are looking for practical techniques for more precisely measuring the value of security controls and obtaining better data on risk factors .
similarly , as discussed previously , managers are looking for practical [ways] for more precisely measuring the value of security controls and obtaining better data on risk factors .

In such an environment , it is essential that ( 1 ) security specialists keep abreast of developing techniques and tools and the latest information about system vulnerabilities and ( 2 ) senior executives ensure they have the resources to do this .
in such an environment , it is essential that ( 1 ) security specialists keep abreast of developing [ways] and tools and the latest information about system vulnerabilities and ( 2 ) senior executives ensure they have the resources to do this .

COST FINDING - Cost finding techniques produce cost data by analytical or sampling methods .
cost finding - cost finding [ways] produce cost data by analytical or sampling methods .

Cost finding techniques are appropriate for certain kinds of costs , such as indirect costs , items with costs below set thresholds within programs , or for some programs in their entirety .
cost finding [ways] are appropriate for certain kinds of costs , such as indirect costs , items with costs below set thresholds within programs , or for some programs in their entirety .

Cost finding techniques support the overall managerial cost accounting process and can represent non-recurring analysis of specific costs .
cost finding [ways] support the overall managerial cost accounting process and can represent non-recurring analysis of specific costs .

ECONOMETRIC MODEL -An equation or a set of related equations used to analyze economic data through mathematical and statistical techniques .
econometric model -an equation or a set of related equations used to analyze economic data through mathematical and statistical [ways] .

PROCESS VALUE ANALYSIS - Tools and techniques for studying processes through customer value analysis .
process value analysis - tools and [ways] for studying processes through customer value analysis .

On the basis of these analyses , VHA recommended a number of techniques and processes for shortening the postoperative hospital stay , decreasing excessive diagnostic testing , and reducing the risk of postoperative infections or complications .
on the basis of these analyses , vha recommended a number of [ways] and processes for shortening the postoperative hospital stay , decreasing excessive diagnostic testing , and reducing the risk of postoperative infections or complications .

According to VHA , because it adopted these and other techniques , the performance data show that cardiac teams lowered their mortality rates for all cardiac procedures over the last 8 years by an average of 13 percent .
according to vha , because it adopted these and other [ways] , the performance data show that cardiac teams lowered their mortality rates for all cardiac procedures over the last 8 years by an average of 13 percent .

Organizational Culture : Techniques Companies Use to Perpetuate or Change Beliefs and Values ( GAO/NSIAD-92-105 , Feb. 27 , 1992 ) .
organizational culture : [ways] companies use to perpetuate or change beliefs and values ( gao/nsiad-92-105 , feb. 27 , 1992 ) .

Page 3 GAO/OGC-96-41 Finally , section 609 ( a ) requires that agencies ensure that small entities are given an opportunity to participate in a rulemaking through the reasonable use of techniques such as those enumerated .
page 3 gao/ogc-96-41 finally , section 609 ( a ) requires that agencies ensure that small entities are given an opportunity to participate in a rulemaking through the reasonable use of [ways] such as those enumerated .

Depending on what will be tested , this testing can require a range of programming skills-from creating cross-tabulations on related data elements to duplicating an intricate automated process with more advanced programming techniques .
depending on what will be tested , this testing can require a range of programming skills-from creating cross-tabulations on related data elements to duplicating an intricate automated process with more advanced programming [ways] .

In lieu of the traditional practice of performing a 100percent manual prepayment examination of invoices , agencies today process large volumes of transactions in highly automated systems with automated controls , electronic data interchange , and computer assisted examination techniques .
in lieu of the traditional practice of performing a 100percent manual prepayment examination of invoices , agencies today process large volumes of transactions in highly automated systems with automated controls , electronic data interchange , and computer assisted examination [ways] .

Title 7 states that agencies should endeavor to establish automated techniques , including data interchange , and control whenever feasible so long as the interests of the government are protected .
title 7 states that agencies should endeavor to establish automated [ways] , including data interchange , and control whenever feasible so long as the interests of the government are protected .

The OMB guidance states that automated techniques should depend upon risks , benefits , and cost effectiveness associated with the automated applications .
the omb guidance states that automated [ways] should depend upon risks , benefits , and cost effectiveness associated with the automated applications .

PCIE standards place upon GAO and its investigators the responsibility to ensure that ( 1 ) investigations are conducted by personnel who collectively possess the required knowledge , skills , and abilities to perform the investigations , ( 2 ) judgments made in collecting and analyzing evidence and communicating results are impartial , and ( 3 ) due professional care ( e.g. , thoroughness , appropriate use of investigative techniques , impartiality , objectivity , protection of individual rights , and timeliness ) is exercised .
pcie standards place upon gao and its investigators the responsibility to ensure that ( 1 ) investigations are conducted by personnel who collectively possess the required knowledge , skills , and abilities to perform the investigations , ( 2 ) judgments made in collecting and analyzing evidence and communicating results are impartial , and ( 3 ) due professional care ( e.g. , thoroughness , appropriate use of investigative [ways] , impartiality , objectivity , protection of individual rights , and timeliness ) is exercised .

This process of employing statistical process control techniques on prototype engines verified that the manufacturing processes were capable of manufacturing the product to high quality standards within established cost and schedule targets .
this process of employing statistical process control [ways] on prototype engines verified that the manufacturing processes were capable of manufacturing the product to high quality standards within established cost and schedule targets .

Currently , the program is using post-assembly inspection to identify and fix defects rather than statistical process control techniques to prevent them .
currently , the program is using post-assembly inspection to identify and fix defects rather than statistical process control [ways] to prevent them .

DOD also concurred that critical manufacturing processes must be demonstrated using statistical process control techniques before production , but believes that achieving this at Milestone C , the low rate production decision , is unlikely .
dod also concurred that critical manufacturing processes must be demonstrated using statistical process control [ways] before production , but believes that achieving this at milestone c , the low rate production decision , is unlikely .

The major conclusion of this assessment is that agricultural production activities , in the absence of conservation techniques and practices , can have serious environmental impacts .
the major conclusion of this assessment is that agricultural production activities , in the absence of conservation [ways] and practices , can have serious environmental impacts .

With a less experienced staff , supervisors may have to specify audit procedures to be performed as well as techniques for gathering and analyzing data .
with a less experienced staff , supervisors may have to specify audit procedures to be performed as well as [ways] for gathering and analyzing data .

This explanation should identify any significant assumptions made in conducting the audit ; describe any comparative techniques applied ; describe the criteria used ; and when sampling significantly supports auditors ' findings , describe the sample design and state why it was chosen , including whether the results can be projected to the intended population .
this explanation should identify any significant assumptions made in conducting the audit ; describe any comparative [ways] applied ; describe the criteria used ; and when sampling significantly supports auditors ' findings , describe the sample design and state why it was chosen , including whether the results can be projected to the intended population .

Each of these practices contains specific examples of the techniques used by these organizations to increase their security program 's effectiveness .
each of these practices contains specific examples of the [ways] used by these organizations to increase their security program 's effectiveness .

Initiatives that we suggested for the CIO Council to consider incorporating in its strategic plan included developing information on the existing security risks associated with nonclassified systems currently in use , developing information on the risks associated with evolving practices , such as Internet use , identifying best practices regarding information security programs so that they can be adopted by federal agencies , establishing a program for reviewing the adequacy of individual agency information security programs using interagency teams of reviewers , ensuring adequate review coverage of agency information security practices by considering the scope of various types of audits and reviews performed and acting to address any identified gaps in coverage , developing or identifying training and certification programs that could be shared among agencies , and identifying proven security tools and techniques .
initiatives that we suggested for the cio council to consider incorporating in its strategic plan included developing information on the existing security risks associated with nonclassified systems currently in use , developing information on the risks associated with evolving practices , such as internet use , identifying best practices regarding information security programs so that they can be adopted by federal agencies , establishing a program for reviewing the adequacy of individual agency information security programs using interagency teams of reviewers , ensuring adequate review coverage of agency information security practices by considering the scope of various types of audits and reviews performed and acting to address any identified gaps in coverage , developing or identifying training and certification programs that could be shared among agencies , and identifying proven security tools and [ways] .

Further , NIST has issued numerous Federal Information Processing Standards , as well as a comprehensive description of basic concepts and techniques entitled An Introduction to Computer Security : The NIST Handbook , Special Publication 800-12 , December 1995 , and Generally Accepted Principles and Practices for Securing Information Technology Systems,3 published in September 1996 .
further , nist has issued numerous federal information processing standards , as well as a comprehensive description of basic concepts and [ways] entitled an introduction to computer security : the nist handbook , special publication 800-12 , december 1995 , and generally accepted principles and practices for securing information technology systems,3 published in september 1996 .

Although powerful technical controls , such as those involving encryption , are becoming increasingly available to facilitate information security , effective implementation requires that these techniques be thoughtfully selected and that their use be monitored and managed on an ongoing basis .
although powerful technical controls , such as those involving encryption , are becoming increasingly available to facilitate information security , effective implementation requires that these [ways] be thoughtfully selected and that their use be monitored and managed on an ongoing basis .

Principles Were Implemented Though Similar Practices The organizations had developed similar sets of practices to implement the five risk management principles , although the techniques they employed varied depending on each organization 's size and culture .
principles were implemented though similar practices the organizations had developed similar sets of practices to implement the five risk management principles , although the [ways] they employed varied depending on each organization 's size and culture .

The following pages provide a more detailed discussion of these practices and illustrative examples of the techniques used to implement them by the organizations we studied .
the following pages provide a more detailed discussion of these practices and illustrative examples of the [ways] used to implement them by the organizations we studied .

Other organizations had developed less formal and comprehensive techniques for ensuring that risks were considered prior to changes in operations .
other organizations had developed less formal and comprehensive [ways] for ensuring that risks were considered prior to changes in operations .

In addition , there are limited data on the full costs of damage caused by security weaknesses and on the operational costs of specific control techniques .
in addition , there are limited data on the full costs of damage caused by security weaknesses and on the operational costs of specific control [ways] .

Accordingly , security specialists had assumed the role of educators , advisors , and facilitators who helped ensure that business managers were aware of risks and of control techniques that had been or could be implemented to mitigate the risks .
accordingly , security specialists had assumed the role of educators , advisors , and facilitators who helped ensure that business managers were aware of risks and of control [ways] that had been or could be implemented to mitigate the risks .

Researching potential threats , vulnerabilities , and control techniques and communicating this information to others in the organization .
researching potential threats , vulnerabilities , and control [ways] and communicating this information to others in the organization .

In addition , they recognized that staff expertise had to be frequently updated to keep abreast of ongoing changes in threats , vulnerabilities , software , security techniques , and security monitoring tools .
in addition , they recognized that staff expertise had to be frequently updated to keep abreast of ongoing changes in threats , vulnerabilities , software , security [ways] , and security monitoring tools .

Additional techniques for communicating information security policies are discussed in the next section on promoting awareness .
additional [ways] for communicating information security policies are discussed in the next section on promoting awareness .

Such techniques , often referred to as `` social engineering , '' exploit users ' tendencies to be cooperative and helpful , instead of guarded , careful , and suspicious , when information is requested .
such [ways] , often referred to as `` social engineering , '' exploit users ' tendencies to be cooperative and helpful , instead of guarded , careful , and suspicious , when information is requested .

Practice 13 : Use Attention-Getting and User-Friendly Techniques To get their message across , the central security groups used a variety of training and promotional techniques to make organizational policies readily accessible , educate users on these policies , and keep security concerns in the forefront of users ' minds .
practice 13 : use attention-getting and user-friendly [ways] to get their message across , the central security groups used a variety of training and promotional [ways] to make organizational policies readily accessible , educate users on these policies , and keep security concerns in the forefront of users ' minds .

Techniques used included intranet websites that communicated and explained information security related policies , standards , procedures , alerts , and special notes ; awareness videos with enthusiastic endorsements from top management for the security program to supplement basic guidance , such as the importance of backing up files and protecting passwords ; interactive presentations by security staff to various user groups to market the services provided by the central information security group and answer user questions ; and security awareness day and products with security-related slogans .
[ways] used included intranet websites that communicated and explained information security related policies , standards , procedures , alerts , and special notes ; awareness videos with enthusiastic endorsements from top management for the security program to supplement basic guidance , such as the importance of backing up files and protecting passwords ; interactive presentations by security staff to various user groups to market the services provided by the central information security group and answer user questions ; and security awareness day and products with security-related slogans .

They used various techniques to do this , and several mentioned their efforts to identify , evaluate , and implement new , more effective tools as they become available .
they used various [ways] to do this , and several mentioned their efforts to identify , evaluate , and implement new , more effective tools as they become available .

Testing the Effectiveness of Controls Directly testing control effectiveness was cited most often as an effective way to determine if the risk reduction techniques that had been agreed to were , in fact , operating effectively .
testing the effectiveness of controls directly testing control effectiveness was cited most often as an effective way to determine if the risk reduction [ways] that had been agreed to were , in fact , operating effectively .

Several organizations periodically tested system and network access controls by allowing designated individuals to try to `` break into '' their systems using the latest hacking techniques .
several organizations periodically tested system and network access controls by allowing designated individuals to try to `` break into '' their systems using the latest hacking [ways] .

We also discussed assessment techniques with experts at NIST .
we also discussed assessment [ways] with experts at nist .

For this reason , improved data and measurement techniques may be available in the future .
for this reason , improved data and measurement [ways] may be available in the future .

When weaknesses are discovered , the business managers are expected to either improve compliance with existing policies or consult with the corporation 's security experts regarding the feasibility of implementing new policies or control techniques .
when weaknesses are discovered , the business managers are expected to either improve compliance with existing policies or consult with the corporation 's security experts regarding the feasibility of implementing new policies or control [ways] .

Practice 16 : Be Alert to New Monitoring Tools and Techniques The security specialists said that they were constantly looking for new tools to test the security of their computerized operations .
practice 16 : be alert to new monitoring tools and [ways] the security specialists said that they were constantly looking for new tools to test the security of their computerized operations .

Similarly , as discussed previously , managers are looking for practical techniques for more precisely measuring the value of security controls and obtaining better data on risk factors .
similarly , as discussed previously , managers are looking for practical [ways] for more precisely measuring the value of security controls and obtaining better data on risk factors .

In such an environment , it is essential that ( 1 ) security specialists keep abreast of developing techniques and tools and the latest information about system vulnerabilities and ( 2 ) senior executives ensure they have the resources to do this .
in such an environment , it is essential that ( 1 ) security specialists keep abreast of developing [ways] and tools and the latest information about system vulnerabilities and ( 2 ) senior executives ensure they have the resources to do this .

In addition to its reviews of individual agencies , GAO has developed techniques and practices that can be applied across the government .
in addition to its reviews of individual agencies , gao has developed [ways] and practices that can be applied across the government .

Threats are increasing , in part , because the number of individuals with computer skills is increasing and because intrusion , or `` hacking , '' techniques have become readily accessible through magazines , computer bulletin boards , and Internet Web sites .
threats are increasing , in part , because the number of individuals with computer skills is increasing and because intrusion , or `` hacking , '' [ways] have become readily accessible through magazines , computer bulletin boards , and internet web sites .

Some of the organizations performed expert analysis on incidents reported to them by members or the public and provided analyses and alerts to the members that included information on the incident 's level of threat and any possible mitigation techniques .
some of the organizations performed expert analysis on incidents reported to them by members or the public and provided analyses and alerts to the members that included information on the incident 's level of threat and any possible mitigation [ways] .

If the employee is not recording his or her T & A data , the basis for recording the data could be ( 1 ) the timekeeper 's or supervisor 's observation , ( 2 ) time clocks , or other automated timekeeping devices , where not prohibited by law , or ( 3 ) other applicable techniques .
if the employee is not recording his or her t & a data , the basis for recording the data could be ( 1 ) the timekeeper 's or supervisor 's observation , ( 2 ) time clocks , or other automated timekeeping devices , where not prohibited by law , or ( 3 ) other applicable [ways] .

Regardless of the timing of recording T & A data , management must have in place a system of control techniques that gives reasonable assurance that the recorded information reflects time worked , leave taken , or other absences .
regardless of the timing of recording t & a data , management must have in place a system of control [ways] that gives reasonable assurance that the recorded information reflects time worked , leave taken , or other absences .

Numerous techniques are available to the supervisor to obtain this assurance .
numerous [ways] are available to the supervisor to obtain this assurance .

Because of some of the unique risks associated with highly automated environments , traditional data integrity techniques , such as password and user identification based systems , used to authenticate an individual may not provide the same degree of assurance as that provided by paperbased systems .
because of some of the unique risks associated with highly automated environments , traditional data integrity [ways] , such as password and user identification based systems , used to authenticate an individual may not provide the same degree of assurance as that provided by paperbased systems .

Control activities are the policies , procedures , techniques , and mechanisms that enforce management 's directives , such as the process of adhering to requirements for budget development and execution .
control activities are the policies , procedures , [ways] , and mechanisms that enforce management 's directives , such as the process of adhering to requirements for budget development and execution .

Emerging technologies , such as the use of holographic projection techniques to create threeand fourdimensional models of project designs , guarantee a continuing stream of future enhancements .
emerging technologies , such as the use of holographic projection [ways] to create threeand fourdimensional models of project designs , guarantee a continuing stream of future enhancements .

Examples range from relatively simple practices , such as effective use of audio and video teleconferencing to improve meeting flexibility , to emerging technologies using holographic projection techniques to create threeand fourdimensional models of project designs in order to visualize the impact of proposed changes .
examples range from relatively simple practices , such as effective use of audio and video teleconferencing to improve meeting flexibility , to emerging technologies using holographic projection [ways] to create threeand fourdimensional models of project designs in order to visualize the impact of proposed changes .

Chapter 1 introduces the purpose of the guide , explains its essential concepts and techniques , and provides direction in tailoring the guide for use on specific assignments .
chapter 1 introduces the purpose of the guide , explains its essential concepts and [ways] , and provides direction in tailoring the guide for use on specific assignments .

These specific areas include knowledge of solicitation procedures , benchmarking and other performance or capability validation techniques , and knowledge of technical areas such as database management and telecommunications networks .
these specific areas include knowledge of solicitation procedures , benchmarking and other performance or capability validation [ways] , and knowledge of technical areas such as database management and telecommunications networks .

Appendix II of this guide describes techniques to use in identifying software development risks of delays and cost overruns , known collectively as management metrics or indicators .
appendix ii of this guide describes [ways] to use in identifying software development risks of delays and cost overruns , known collectively as management metrics or indicators .

These techniques require information about the size of the system being developed and about progress after development has begun .
these [ways] require information about the size of the system being developed and about progress after development has begun .

Thus , the techniques are only appropriate for use after the agency has completed its design and progressed into developing the system .
thus , the [ways] are only appropriate for use after the agency has completed its design and progressed into developing the system .

An auditor using this guide to review an acquisition that includes significant software development and has a contract in place should review appendix II for techniques to help identify variances from the agency 's cost and schedule estimates .
an auditor using this guide to review an acquisition that includes significant software development and has a contract in place should review appendix ii for [ways] to help identify variances from the agency 's cost and schedule estimates .

These persons should also know enough about performance or capability validation techniques to determine whether or not the agency 's requirements are reasonable and effective .
these persons should also know enough about performance or capability validation [ways] to determine whether or not the agency 's requirements are reasonable and effective .

What project management tools or techniques arein use to oversee the project ( such as Gantt charts or critical path method/Program Evaluation and Review Technique ) .
what project management tools or [ways] arein use to oversee the project ( such as gantt charts or critical path method/program evaluation and review technique ) .

What , if any , development tools and techniques ( such as Computer-Aided Software Engineering-CASE ) are in use ?
what , if any , development tools and [ways] ( such as computer-aided software engineering-case ) are in use ?

Purpose This appendix describes tools and techniques for measuring the status of acquisitions involving significant software development .
purpose this appendix describes tools and [ways] for measuring the status of acquisitions involving significant software development .

It describes techniques , known as software metrics , for quantitatively measuring how closely a project conforms to development plans and assessing whether an acquisition is at risk of delay or cost increases .
it describes [ways] , known as software metrics , for quantitatively measuring how closely a project conforms to development plans and assessing whether an acquisition is at risk of delay or cost increases .

These techniques require considerable information about the system being developed and can only be used after system design .
these [ways] require considerable information about the system being developed and can only be used after system design .

In accordance with these standards , all OSI work is conducted by personnel who collectively possess the required knowledge , skills , and abilities to perform it and who exercise due professional care ( e.g. , thoroughness , appropriate use of investigative techniques , impartiality , objectivity , protection of individual rights , and timeliness ) in the performance of their work .
in accordance with these standards , all osi work is conducted by personnel who collectively possess the required knowledge , skills , and abilities to perform it and who exercise due professional care ( e.g. , thoroughness , appropriate use of investigative [ways] , impartiality , objectivity , protection of individual rights , and timeliness ) in the performance of their work .

That analysis notes that the rule was needed in order to reduce regulatory burdens on computer manufacturers , to remove impediments to flexible systems design and construction techniques , and to reduce the potential for interference to radio services by improving the Commission 's ability to ensure that personal computers comply with the Commission 's standards and testing procedures .
that analysis notes that the rule was needed in order to reduce regulatory burdens on computer manufacturers , to remove impediments to flexible systems design and construction [ways] , and to reduce the potential for interference to radio services by improving the commission 's ability to ensure that personal computers comply with the commission 's standards and testing procedures .

The first type of Page 8 GAO/PEMD-91-10.1.9 Case Study Evaluations application illustrates findings established by other techniques , supplementing , for example , national findings on clean air from administrative records and other sources , with in-depth description on how funds have been used and with what results in selected cities .
the first type of page 8 gao/pemd-91-10.1.9 case study evaluations application illustrates findings established by other [ways] , supplementing , for example , national findings on clean air from administrative records and other sources , with in-depth description on how funds have been used and with what results in selected cities .

They involve techniques such as graphic data displays , tabulations of event frequencies , and chronological or time series orderings .
they involve [ways] such as graphic data displays , tabulations of event frequencies , and chronological or time series orderings .

In such situations , the evaluator can turn to past experience , a search of the appropriate theoretical as well as empirical literature , the advice of knowledgeable persons , an examination of key issues in proposed or pending legislation , customer guidance , and similar techniques .
in such situations , the evaluator can turn to past experience , a search of the appropriate theoretical as well as empirical literature , the advice of knowledgeable persons , an examination of key issues in proposed or pending legislation , customer guidance , and similar [ways] .

Greater use could be made of the four others in selecting alternative ways of answering questions , because these may be able to give information that is more valuable to customers than other techniques .
greater use could be made of the four others in selecting alternative ways of answering questions , because these may be able to give information that is more valuable to customers than other [ways] .

That is , time is needed to train staff adequately in such case study techniques as the note-taking required for thick descriptions , which is in turn required for the content analysis of themes in the instance .
that is , time is needed to train staff adequately in such case study [ways] as the note-taking required for thick descriptions , which is in turn required for the content analysis of themes in the instance .

The techniques for ensuring sufficient comparability and quality and for aggregating the information are what constitute the `` cumulative '' part of the methodology .
the [ways] for ensuring sufficient comparability and quality and for aggregating the information are what constitute the `` cumulative '' part of the methodology .

It differs from an evaluation synthesis in that special techniques are required to aggregate the qualitative information that often is a feature of case studies and to maintain the sense of the `` instance as a whole '' in its complexity that distinguishes case studies from surveys of several sites .
it differs from an evaluation synthesis in that special [ways] are required to aggregate the qualitative information that often is a feature of case studies and to maintain the sense of the `` instance as a whole '' in its complexity that distinguishes case studies from surveys of several sites .

For some jobs , both case study and noncase study reports can be aggregated , Page 57 GAO/PEMD-91-10.1.9 Case Study Evaluations each using the appropriate techniques , in order to produce capping reports or similar products .
for some jobs , both case study and noncase study reports can be aggregated , page 57 gao/pemd-91-10.1.9 case study evaluations each using the appropriate [ways] , in order to produce capping reports or similar products .

Table 3.7 : Cumulative Case Studies Aspect examined Characteristic Evaluation questions Cause and effect Functions Retrospective cumulation allows generalization without cost and time of conducting numerous new case studies ; prospective cumulation also allows generalization without unmanageably large numbers of cases in process at any one time ; strengthens inference from new studies by combining with results from older studies Design features Uses site selection and usually a large number of cases ; data as reported ( retrospective ) ; usually on-site observation ( prospective ) ; backfill techniques ; analysis uses case survey method to cumulate findings ; possible to examine interactions directly since number of instances is large ; reports may resemble evaluation syntheses ( continued )
table 3.7 : cumulative case studies aspect examined characteristic evaluation questions cause and effect functions retrospective cumulation allows generalization without cost and time of conducting numerous new case studies ; prospective cumulation also allows generalization without unmanageably large numbers of cases in process at any one time ; strengthens inference from new studies by combining with results from older studies design features uses site selection and usually a large number of cases ; data as reported ( retrospective ) ; usually on-site observation ( prospective ) ; backfill [ways] ; analysis uses case survey method to cumulate findings ; possible to examine interactions directly since number of instances is large ; reports may resemble evaluation syntheses ( continued )

Aspect examined Characteristic Pitfalls Publication basis may severely limit generalization ; inadequate or uncertain quality of original data ; quality of data-reduction procedures may be very difficult to determine ; the effects of changes in many contextual factors over time may be difficult to separate from effects of the programs Two features of the cumulative case study , shown in table 3.7 , are the case survey method just described as a means of aggregating findings ( Lucas , 1974 ; Yin and Heald , 1975 ; Yin et al. , 1976 ) and backfill techniques ( Berger , 1983 ) .
aspect examined characteristic pitfalls publication basis may severely limit generalization ; inadequate or uncertain quality of original data ; quality of data-reduction procedures may be very difficult to determine ; the effects of changes in many contextual factors over time may be difficult to separate from effects of the programs two features of the cumulative case study , shown in table 3.7 , are the case survey method just described as a means of aggregating findings ( lucas , 1974 ; yin and heald , 1975 ; yin et al. , 1976 ) and backfill [ways] ( berger , 1983 ) .

Eight techniques are used-sometimes all of them in the same study-to collect information ( Neustadt and Fineberg , 1978 ; Yin , 1989 ) .
eight [ways] are used-sometimes all of them in the same study-to collect information ( neustadt and fineberg , 1978 ; yin , 1989 ) .

Many of the eight techniques are discussed in the General Policy Manual , chapter 8.0 .
many of the eight [ways] are discussed in the general policy manual , chapter 8.0 .

Of these ways , the approaches that most differentiate case studies from other techniques are direct observation and participant observation .
of these ways , the approaches that most differentiate case studies from other [ways] are direct observation and participant observation .

One element of data collection that distinguishes case studies from other techniques is that comprehensiveness of interviewing is very important .
one element of data collection that distinguishes case studies from other [ways] is that comprehensiveness of interviewing is very important .

While documenting the basis for judgments can be more difficult than documenting nonjudgmental information , overall the chain of evidence or audit trail techniques should not pose any greater difficulty for GAO evaluators than our documentation procedures for other evaluation methods .
while documenting the basis for judgments can be more difficult than documenting nonjudgmental information , overall the chain of evidence or audit trail [ways] should not pose any greater difficulty for gao evaluators than our documentation procedures for other evaluation methods .

Case studies , obviously , can generate a great deal of Data Analysis data , data that need to be analyzed sufficiently and with appropriate techniques in order to be useful .
case studies , obviously , can generate a great deal of data analysis data , data that need to be analyzed sufficiently and with appropriate [ways] in order to be useful .

Rival explanations Reproducibility of findings Developing alternative interpretations of findings and testing through search for confirming and disconfirming evidence until one hypothesis is confirmed and others ruled out Establish through analysis of multiple sites and data over time Plausible and complete Data analysis ends when a plausible explanation has been developed , considering completely all the evidence Specific techniques for handling multisite data sets Matrix of categories , graphic data displays , tabulating frequency of different events , developing complex tabulations to check for relationships , and ordering information chronologically for time series analysis second , or `` think , '' phase ends with specification of what new information would be needed to rule out alternative explanations or confirm interpretations .
rival explanations reproducibility of findings developing alternative interpretations of findings and testing through search for confirming and disconfirming evidence until one hypothesis is confirmed and others ruled out establish through analysis of multiple sites and data over time plausible and complete data analysis ends when a plausible explanation has been developed , considering completely all the evidence specific [ways] for handling multisite data sets matrix of categories , graphic data displays , tabulating frequency of different events , developing complex tabulations to check for relationships , and ordering information chronologically for time series analysis second , or `` think , '' phase ends with specification of what new information would be needed to rule out alternative explanations or confirm interpretations .

Several techniques have been developed recently forHandling handling multisite case study data sets .
several [ways] have been developed recently forhandling handling multisite case study data sets .

This is a family of techniques , some of which have been adapted for computers and some of which use wall-space .
this is a family of [ways] , some of which have been adapted for computers and some of which use wall-space .

The graphic techniques can be applied to an instance as a whole or to subcomponents .
the graphic [ways] can be applied to an instance as a whole or to subcomponents .

Guidelines for data-base formation and analysis deal with explicitness of procedures and techniques , interpretation differences , and the relationship of the findings to those of similar studies .
guidelines for data-base formation and analysis deal with explicitness of procedures and [ways] , interpretation differences , and the relationship of the findings to those of similar studies .

The techniques include fieldwork , ethnography , observation , and participant observation and have in common that an observer is physically present at a site , stays at the site for a fairly long time , has flexibility in deciding what data to collect from whom and under what circumstances , and can organize the inquiry according to the meaning of events to the participants rather than having to decide beforehand Page 90 GAO/PEMD-91-10.1.9 Case Study Evaluations on a closed set of constructs or data elements .
the [ways] include fieldwork , ethnography , observation , and participant observation and have in common that an observer is physically present at a site , stays at the site for a fairly long time , has flexibility in deciding what data to collect from whom and under what circumstances , and can organize the inquiry according to the meaning of events to the participants rather than having to decide beforehand page 90 gao/pemd-91-10.1.9 case study evaluations on a closed set of constructs or data elements .

These techniques , of course , have parallels in other research traditions .
these [ways] , of course , have parallels in other research traditions .

The logic of analysis in case studies is the same ; the techniques for identifying regularities and assessing their meaning are different .
the logic of analysis in case studies is the same ; the [ways] for identifying regularities and assessing their meaning are different .

An array of techniques such as graphic displays has been developed to help standardize case study analysis .
an array of [ways] such as graphic displays has been developed to help standardize case study analysis .

These adaptations created the need for a better understanding of the relationship between case study techniques and other techniques and between quantitative and qualitative approaches within case studies .
these adaptations created the need for a better understanding of the relationship between case study [ways] and other [ways] and between quantitative and qualitative approaches within case studies .

Methods of assessing the reliability of observations , techniques for transforming very large amounts of qualitative data , and methods for aggregating qualitative data or findings from several sites have been developed .
methods of assessing the reliability of observations , [ways] for transforming very large amounts of qualitative data , and methods for aggregating qualitative data or findings from several sites have been developed .

Data Base Formation and Data Analysis Techniques 3 .
data base formation and data analysis [ways] 3 .

The analytic techniques are explicitly described .
the analytic [ways] are explicitly described .

Are the techniques of data gathering and data processing explictly described ?
are the [ways] of data gathering and data processing explictly described ?

Does the study state clearly whether identification ofthese factors was based on insight and recognition or on quantitative techniques ?
does the study state clearly whether identification ofthese factors was based on insight and recognition or on quantitative [ways] ?

Bloor , M. `` On the Analysis of Observational Data : A Discussion of the Worth and Use of Inductive Techniques and Respondent Validation . ''
bloor , m. `` on the analysis of observational data : a discussion of the worth and use of inductive [ways] and respondent validation . ''

Glossary Backfill Techniques Techniques used in cumulative case studies to collect information needed if the study is to be usable for aggregation ; these techniques include , for example , obtaining missing information from the authors on how instances studied were identified and on the bases for instance selection .
glossary backfill [ways] [ways] used in cumulative case studies to collect information needed if the study is to be usable for aggregation ; these [ways] include , for example , obtaining missing information from the authors on how instances studied were identified and on the bases for instance selection .

Using Structured Interviewing Techniques .
using structured interviewing [ways] .

Our work has shown that high-performing organizations use a number of strategies and techniques to effectively involve employees , including ( 1 ) fostering a performanceoriented culture , ( 2 ) working to develop a consensus with unions on goals and strategies , ( 3 ) providing the training that staff need to work effectively , and ( 4 ) devolving authority while focusing accountability on results .
our work has shown that high-performing organizations use a number of strategies and [ways] to effectively involve employees , including ( 1 ) fostering a performanceoriented culture , ( 2 ) working to develop a consensus with unions on goals and strategies , ( 3 ) providing the training that staff need to work effectively , and ( 4 ) devolving authority while focusing accountability on results .

In summary , managers at the organizations we studied cautioned that IT performance measurement is in its infancy and measurement techniques are still evolving , partly due to changes in technology .
in summary , managers at the organizations we studied cautioned that it performance measurement is in its infancy and measurement [ways] are still evolving , partly due to changes in technology .

Taken as areas of focus , these aspects may be evaluated by federal CIO organizations and tackled using techniques suited to their situations .
taken as areas of focus , these aspects may be evaluated by federal cio organizations and tackled using [ways] suited to their situations .

Techniques .
[ways] .

NOECs and LOECs are determined by hypothesis testing ( Dunnett 's Test , a t test with the Bonferroni adjustment , Steel 's Many-One Rank Test , or the Wilcoxon Rank Sum Test with Bonferroni adjustment ) , whereas LCs , ICs , and ECs are determined by point estimation techniques ( Probit Analysis , the Spearman-Karber Method , the Trimmed Spearman-Karber Method , the Graphical Method or Linear Interpolation Method ) .
noecs and loecs are determined by hypothesis testing ( dunnett 's test , a t test with the bonferroni adjustment , steel 's many-one rank test , or the wilcoxon rank sum test with bonferroni adjustment ) , whereas lcs , ics , and ecs are determined by point estimation [ways] ( probit analysis , the spearman-karber method , the trimmed spearman-karber method , the graphical method or linear interpolation method ) .

Randomization techniques should be employed at the start of the test , including the randomization of the placement of test organisms in the test chambers and randomization of the test chamber location within the array of chambers .
randomization [ways] should be employed at the start of the test , including the randomization of the placement of test organisms in the test chambers and randomization of the test chamber location within the array of chambers .

An initial decision is made to use point estimation techniques ( the Probit Analysis , the Spearman-Karber Method , the Trimmed Spearman-Karber Method , the Graphical Method , or Linear Interpolation Method ) and/or to use hypothesis testing ( Dunnett 's Test , the t test with the Bonferroni adjustment , Steel 's Many-one Rank Test , or Wilcoxon Rank Sum Test with the Bonferroni adjustment ) .
an initial decision is made to use point estimation [ways] ( the probit analysis , the spearman-karber method , the trimmed spearman-karber method , the graphical method , or linear interpolation method ) and/or to use hypothesis testing ( dunnett 's test , the t test with the bonferroni adjustment , steel 's many-one rank test , or wilcoxon rank sum test with the bonferroni adjustment ) .

NOTE : For the NPDES Permit Program , the point estimation techniques are the preferred statistical methods in calculating end points for effluent toxicity tests .
note : for the npdes permit program , the point estimation [ways] are the preferred statistical methods in calculating end points for effluent toxicity tests .

In performing the point estimation techniques recommended in this manual , an all-data approach is used .
in performing the point estimation [ways] recommended in this manual , an all-data approach is used .

When analyzing the data using point estimating techniques , data from all concentrations are included in the analysis .
when analyzing the data using point estimating [ways] , data from all concentrations are included in the analysis .

NOECs and LOECs are determined by hypothesis testing ( Dunnett 's Test , a t test with the Bonferroni adjustment , Steel 's Many-one Rank Test , or the Wilcoxon Rank Sum Test with the Bonferroni adjustment ) , whereas LCs , ICs , and ECs are determined by point estimation techniques ( Probit Analysis , Spearman-Karber Method , Trimmed Spearman-Karber Method , Graphical Method or Linear Interpolation Method ) .
noecs and loecs are determined by hypothesis testing ( dunnett 's test , a t test with the bonferroni adjustment , steel 's many-one rank test , or the wilcoxon rank sum test with the bonferroni adjustment ) , whereas lcs , ics , and ecs are determined by point estimation [ways] ( probit analysis , spearman-karber method , trimmed spearman-karber method , graphical method or linear interpolation method ) .

Randomization techniques should be employed at the start of the test , including the randomization of the placement of test organisms in the test chambers and randomization of the test chamber location within the array of chambers .
randomization [ways] should be employed at the start of the test , including the randomization of the placement of test organisms in the test chambers and randomization of the test chamber location within the array of chambers .

An initial decision is made to use point estimation techniques ( the Probit Analysis , the Spearman-Karber Method , the Trimmed Spearman-Karber Method , the Graphical Method , or Linear Interpolation Method ) and/or to use hypothesis testing ( Dunnett 's Test , the t test with the Bonferroni adjustment , Steel 's Many-one Rank Test , or the Wilcoxon Rank Sum Test with the Bonferroni adjustment ) .
an initial decision is made to use point estimation [ways] ( the probit analysis , the spearman-karber method , the trimmed spearman-karber method , the graphical method , or linear interpolation method ) and/or to use hypothesis testing ( dunnett 's test , the t test with the bonferroni adjustment , steel 's many-one rank test , or the wilcoxon rank sum test with the bonferroni adjustment ) .

NOTE : For the NPDES Permit Program , the point estimation techniques are the preferred statistical methods in calculating end points for effluent toxicity tests .
note : for the npdes permit program , the point estimation [ways] are the preferred statistical methods in calculating end points for effluent toxicity tests .

In performing the point estimation techniques recommended in this manual , an all-data approach is used .
in performing the point estimation [ways] recommended in this manual , an all-data approach is used .

When analyzing the data using point estimation techniques , data from all concentrations are included in the analysis .
when analyzing the data using point estimation [ways] , data from all concentrations are included in the analysis .

Data from all concentrations are included when using point estimation techniques .
data from all concentrations are included when using point estimation [ways] .

Techniques for wastewater minimization or elimination are commonly available .
[ways] for wastewater minimization or elimination are commonly available .

Klingspor , J.S. , Brown , G.N. , `` Techniques for Improving FGD System Performance to Achieve Ultra-High SO2 Removal Efficiencies , '' In the Proceedings of the U.S. EPA-DOE-EPRI Combined Power Plant Air Pollutant Control Symposium : The Mega Symposium and The A & WMA Specialty Conference on Mercury Emissions : Fate , Effects , and Control , Chicago , IL , August 20-23 , 2001 .
klingspor , j.s. , brown , g.n. , `` [ways] for improving fgd system performance to achieve ultra-high so2 removal efficiencies , '' in the proceedings of the u.s. epa-doe-epri combined power plant air pollutant control symposium : the mega symposium and the a & wma specialty conference on mercury emissions : fate , effects , and control , chicago , il , august 20-23 , 2001 .

Based on assumptions about the distributions of each of these three uncertain components , we derive a distribution of WTP to avoid a pollution-related case of CB by statistical uncertainty analysis techniques .
based on assumptions about the distributions of each of these three uncertain components , we derive a distribution of wtp to avoid a pollution-related case of cb by statistical uncertainty analysis [ways] .

Welldeveloped techniques exist to provide monetary estimates of these benefits to agricultural producers and consumers .
welldeveloped [ways] exist to provide monetary estimates of these benefits to agricultural producers and consumers .

These techniques use models of planting decisions , yield response functions , and agricultural product supply and demand .
these [ways] use models of planting decisions , yield response functions , and agricultural product supply and demand .

Using econometric modeling techniques applied to our sample of households , we are able recover an estimate of the demand function x * = D ( p , p , ... , p , M , A , A , ... , A ) i i12K 12 N for each household in the sample .
using econometric modeling [ways] applied to our sample of households , we are able recover an estimate of the demand function x * = d ( p , p , ... , p , m , a , a , ... , a ) i i12k 12 n for each household in the sample .

On Bin Ladin 's use of technical equipment to promote his intelligence/security capabilities , see Intelligence report , Terrorism : Usama Bin Ladin 's Intelligence Capabilities and Techniques , Dec. 5 , 1996 .
on bin ladin 's use of technical equipment to promote his intelligence/security capabilities , see intelligence report , terrorism : usama bin ladin 's intelligence capabilities and [ways] , dec. 5 , 1996 .

As a result of this confusion , the criminal agents who were knowledgeable about al Qaeda and experienced with criminal investigative techniques , including finding suspects and possible criminal charges , were thus excluded from the search .
as a result of this confusion , the criminal agents who were knowledgeable about al qaeda and experienced with criminal investigative [ways] , including finding suspects and possible criminal charges , were thus excluded from the search .

Atta reportedly learned alteration techniques in Afghanistan , cleaning Ramzi Binalshibh 's passport of its Pakistani visa and travel cachets .
atta reportedly learned alteration [ways] in afghanistan , cleaning ramzi binalshibh 's passport of its pakistani visa and travel cachets .

The toolkit of new techniques provides the basis for further tests to evaluate whether a chronometric model reveals a crucial set of connected computations ( circuit ) for carrying out the task .
the toolkit of new [ways] provides the basis for further tests to evaluate whether a chronometric model reveals a crucial set of connected computations ( circuit ) for carrying out the task .

In describing the links between brain and behavior , mental chronometry is still a cornerstone that binds psychology to the techniques of neuroscience .
in describing the links between brain and behavior , mental chronometry is still a cornerstone that binds psychology to the [ways] of neuroscience .

Cell counting and point-counting morphometry were performed using standard morphometric techniques [ 15 ] .
cell counting and point-counting morphometry were performed using standard morphometric [ways] [ 15 ] .

His success in determining the sequence of visual processing using random dot stereograms led Bela to propose that the anatomical hierarchy of the visual system could be understood in part through visual psychophysics—he termed this approach “ psychoanatomy. ” His ingenious use of the stereogram established a new approach in the field of vision research and presaged the now common use of carefully controlled computational techniques in brain science .
his success in determining the sequence of visual processing using random dot stereograms led bela to propose that the anatomical hierarchy of the visual system could be understood in part through visual psychophysics—he termed this approach “ psychoanatomy. ” his ingenious use of the stereogram established a new approach in the field of vision research and presaged the now common use of carefully controlled computational [ways] in brain science .

Mixed modeling techniques were used to account for within-subject correlation for participants with multiple visits .
mixed modeling [ways] were used to account for within-subject correlation for participants with multiple visits .

One of the techniques used by drug companies was to buy doctors ' prescribing records so drug representatives knew “ to the dime ” what drugs doctors were prescribing and could tailor their marketing to them .
one of the [ways] used by drug companies was to buy doctors ' prescribing records so drug representatives knew “ to the dime ” what drugs doctors were prescribing and could tailor their marketing to them .

Zilles and his colleagues also are currently using molecular imaging techniques to update the existing maps of the different areas within our brains .
zilles and his colleagues also are currently using molecular imaging [ways] to update the existing maps of the different areas within our brains .

It gives us the general direction that evolution has taken but not whether an ape brain is different because of its sensory , motor , or association areas. ” Scientists are also using other techniques to investigate more subtle changes in the organisation of the human brain compared to the brains of other mammals and primates .
it gives us the general direction that evolution has taken but not whether an ape brain is different because of its sensory , motor , or association areas. ” scientists are also using other [ways] to investigate more subtle changes in the organisation of the human brain compared to the brains of other mammals and primates .

There are few chimps left and if we lose the opportunity to study them and their brains , we will lose forever a fundamental source of insight into our own species. ” To begin with , Preuss used staining techniques that exploit antibodies to examine the neural components of chimpanzee and human brains .
there are few chimps left and if we lose the opportunity to study them and their brains , we will lose forever a fundamental source of insight into our own species. ” to begin with , preuss used staining [ways] that exploit antibodies to examine the neural components of chimpanzee and human brains .

Moreover , the field has expanded rapidly , especially since the development of molecular techniques in the past two to three decades .
moreover , the field has expanded rapidly , especially since the development of molecular [ways] in the past two to three decades .

To solve the problem , and determine the OEAS , we used successive linear programming operations research techniques [ 21 ] .
to solve the problem , and determine the oeas , we used successive linear programming operations research [ways] [ 21 ] .

Comprehensive programs can also include : encouraging memory aids ( such as appointment books ) , teaching relaxation techniques , and providing instruction about memory changes in normal aging .
comprehensive programs can also include : encouraging memory aids ( such as appointment books ) , teaching relaxation [ways] , and providing instruction about memory changes in normal aging .

This is partly because we do not have any good proxy measures of effective immunity in P. falciparum , and partly because this is a fertile area for trying out new techniques , such as DNA vaccines , where there is still a lot to learn. ” Hill is planning to do further trials that address the important question of whether this type of vaccine can prevent the symptoms of malaria .
this is partly because we do not have any good proxy measures of effective immunity in p. falciparum , and partly because this is a fertile area for trying out new [ways] , such as dna vaccines , where there is still a lot to learn. ” hill is planning to do further trials that address the important question of whether this type of vaccine can prevent the symptoms of malaria .

Although these questions are still to be answered , new research and techniques are beginning to provide intriguing clues .
although these questions are still to be answered , new research and [ways] are beginning to provide intriguing clues .

Only very recently has it become possible to combine visually targeted sampling ( Figure 2 ) and high-resolution measurements of geochemical gradients with molecular tools for the identification of microbes , such as 16S rDNA and organic-biomarker-based techniques .
only very recently has it become possible to combine visually targeted sampling ( figure 2 ) and high-resolution measurements of geochemical gradients with molecular tools for the identification of microbes , such as 16s rdna and organic-biomarker-based [ways] .

Second , surgeons must establish firm and friendly relations with biostatisticians so that the latter may play a strong role in helping to develop adequately powered studies that can answer critical questions raised by new therapies and techniques .
second , surgeons must establish firm and friendly relations with biostatisticians so that the latter may play a strong role in helping to develop adequately powered studies that can answer critical questions raised by new therapies and [ways] .

On the one hand , the President 's views on the use of human embryonic stem cell research and somatic cell nuclear transfer techniques were well-known and in conflict with our own beliefs about the costs and benefits of the use of progressive technologies to advance biomedical research .
on the one hand , the president 's views on the use of human embryonic stem cell research and somatic cell nuclear transfer [ways] were well-known and in conflict with our own beliefs about the costs and benefits of the use of progressive technologies to advance biomedical research .

However , as the authors comment , “ the high purity , unlimited availability , and multipotentiality of hESMPCs [ human embryonic stem cell–derived mesenchymal precursor cells ] will provide the basis for future therapeutic efforts using these cells in preclinical animal models of disease. ” In addition , the techniques described here will provide a very useful resource for studying mesenchymal cell development .
however , as the authors comment , “ the high purity , unlimited availability , and multipotentiality of hesmpcs [ human embryonic stem cell–derived mesenchymal precursor cells ] will provide the basis for future therapeutic efforts using these cells in preclinical animal models of disease. ” in addition , the [ways] described here will provide a very useful resource for studying mesenchymal cell development .

Thus far , Anderson 's laboratory has endured the slog of using microarray techniques to identify genes with expression patterns linked to fear behavior , followed by in situ hybridization , which traditionally involves twenty-odd complex , error-prone steps , to find just some of the genes expressed in different parts of the amygdala .
thus far , anderson 's laboratory has endured the slog of using microarray [ways] to identify genes with expression patterns linked to fear behavior , followed by in situ hybridization , which traditionally involves twenty-odd complex , error-prone steps , to find just some of the genes expressed in different parts of the amygdala .

For example , even ranchers in Mata Grosso 's economic elite usually have n't heard of fire management techniques , says Amazonian ecologist Carlos Peres at the University of East Anglia in the United Kingdom .
for example , even ranchers in mata grosso 's economic elite usually have n't heard of fire management [ways] , says amazonian ecologist carlos peres at the university of east anglia in the united kingdom .

Educational projects from nongovernmental organizations have helped to turn some farmers away from heavy reliance on slash-and-burn techniques , but fire suppression information remains to be distributed on the frontiers .
educational projects from nongovernmental organizations have helped to turn some farmers away from heavy reliance on slash-and-burn [ways] , but fire suppression information remains to be distributed on the frontiers .

By contrast , says Gordon , ‘ nanotechnology techniques then and now are tedious , involving painstakingly building three-dimensional structures up layer by layer ’ .
by contrast , says gordon , ‘ nanotechnology [ways] then and now are tedious , involving painstakingly building three-dimensional structures up layer by layer ’ .

Such tedious techniques are currently used in the semiconductor industry .
such tedious [ways] are currently used in the semiconductor industry .

These are very difficult to make by standard manufacturing techniques , but diatoms make structures like this all the time ’ .
these are very difficult to make by standard manufacturing [ways] , but diatoms make structures like this all the time ’ .

These findings warrant validation in large prospective trials using standardized mutation detection techniques .
these findings warrant validation in large prospective trials using standardized mutation detection [ways] .

Although it is unlikely that such technologies would fully recapitulate exercise-induced adaptations that affect other tissues of the body , beneficial effects on work performance and whole-body metabolism have been demonstrated using gene transfer techniques to alter skeletal muscles in animal models .
although it is unlikely that such technologies would fully recapitulate exercise-induced adaptations that affect other tissues of the body , beneficial effects on work performance and whole-body metabolism have been demonstrated using gene transfer [ways] to alter skeletal muscles in animal models .

In the past 20 years , advancing maternal age and greater reliance on assisted-conception techniques have dramatically increased the incidence of multiple births , including monochorionic twins ( see Glossary ) [ 1,2 ] .
in the past 20 years , advancing maternal age and greater reliance on assisted-conception [ways] have dramatically increased the incidence of multiple births , including monochorionic twins ( see glossary ) [ 1,2 ] .

In this study , we present techniques for the generation and purification of mesenchymal precursors from hESCs and their directed differentiation in vitro into various mesenchymal derivatives , including skeletal myoblasts .
in this study , we present [ways] for the generation and purification of mesenchymal precursors from hescs and their directed differentiation in vitro into various mesenchymal derivatives , including skeletal myoblasts .

Methods Cell Culture and FACS Undifferentiated hESCs , H1 ( WA-01 , XY , passages 40–65 ) and H9 ( WA-09 , XX , passages 35–45 ) , were cultured on mitotically inactivated mouse embryonic fibroblasts ( Specialty Media , Phillipsburg , New Jersey , United States ) and maintained under growth conditions and passaging techniques described previously [ 3 ] .
methods cell culture and facs undifferentiated hescs , h1 ( wa-01 , xy , passages 40–65 ) and h9 ( wa-09 , xx , passages 35–45 ) , were cultured on mitotically inactivated mouse embryonic fibroblasts ( specialty media , phillipsburg , new jersey , united states ) and maintained under growth conditions and passaging [ways] described previously [ 3 ] .

Typically , lymph nodes are diagnosed by tomographic techniques ( computed tomography [ CT ] , magnetic resonance imaging [ MRI ] ) as malignant when their short axis is > 10 mm in size [ 12 ] .
typically , lymph nodes are diagnosed by tomographic [ways] ( computed tomography [ ct ] , magnetic resonance imaging [ mri ] ) as malignant when their short axis is > 10 mm in size [ 12 ] .

Improvements in isolation techniques and immunosuppressive regimens ushered in the first human islet transplantation clinical trails in the mid-1980s .
improvements in isolation [ways] and immunosuppressive regimens ushered in the first human islet transplantation clinical trails in the mid-1980s .

Since Spoc cells were isolated from murine skeletal muscle , they may eventually allow the use of sophisticated conditional genetic tracking techniques to monitor the migration , maturation , and differentiation of the cells in the in vivo context .
since spoc cells were isolated from murine skeletal muscle , they may eventually allow the use of sophisticated conditional genetic tracking [ways] to monitor the migration , maturation , and differentiation of the cells in the in vivo context .

Fortunately , techniques have been devised to detect such events .
fortunately , [ways] have been devised to detect such events .

Kemp 's discoveries are rightly viewed as opening a fresh path to auditory science , and to the tools and techniques for diagnosing the functional status of the cochlea .
kemp 's discoveries are rightly viewed as opening a fresh path to auditory science , and to the tools and [ways] for diagnosing the functional status of the cochlea .

With the application of surgical techniques to exercise physiology in the late 1960s ( Bergstrom and Hultman 1966 ) , it became possible to obtain biopsy samples ( ∼150 mg ) of human skeletal muscle , and by means of histological and biochemical analyses , specific morphological , contractile , and metabolic properties were identified .
with the application of surgical [ways] to exercise physiology in the late 1960s ( bergstrom and hultman 1966 ) , it became possible to obtain biopsy samples ( ∼150 mg ) of human skeletal muscle , and by means of histological and biochemical analyses , specific morphological , contractile , and metabolic properties were identified .

Low-cost microbead separation of CD4 cells from other blood cells , followed by standard manual cell counting techniques using a light microscope , offers significantly lower reagent costs than flow cytometry .
low-cost microbead separation of cd4 cells from other blood cells , followed by standard manual cell counting [ways] using a light microscope , offers significantly lower reagent costs than flow cytometry .

These results need to be validated in larger and prospective trials that use standardized mutation detection techniques .
these results need to be validated in larger and prospective trials that use standardized mutation detection [ways] .

Its ability to reveal function , not merely structure , distinguishes fMRI from static neuroimaging techniques such as CT scanning , and its capacity to highlight the neural substrates of decisions , emotions , and deceptions has propelled fMRI into the popular consciousness .
its ability to reveal function , not merely structure , distinguishes fmri from static neuroimaging [ways] such as ct scanning , and its capacity to highlight the neural substrates of decisions , emotions , and deceptions has propelled fmri into the popular consciousness .

Through an obsessive focus on the techniques of graphic production , he turned popular imagery into a high form of art and an exploration of the limits of visual perception .
through an obsessive focus on the [ways] of graphic production , he turned popular imagery into a high form of art and an exploration of the limits of visual perception .

Since then , many examples have been documented , mostly concerning subsistence techniques , such as the sweet potato washing of Japanese macaques ( Macaca fuscata ) and the rich array of tool use by wild chimpanzees , orangutans ( Pongo pymaeus ) , and capuchin monkeys ( Cebus spp . )
since then , many examples have been documented , mostly concerning subsistence [ways] , such as the sweet potato washing of japanese macaques ( macaca fuscata ) and the rich array of tool use by wild chimpanzees , orangutans ( pongo pymaeus ) , and capuchin monkeys ( cebus spp . )

The Human Genome Project [ 5 ] tells us that there is sufficient genetic diversity among humans that pharmacogenetic and pharmacogenomic techniques will have an increasing role in overcoming problems related to polymorphisms and other variations .
the human genome project [ 5 ] tells us that there is sufficient genetic diversity among humans that pharmacogenetic and pharmacogenomic [ways] will have an increasing role in overcoming problems related to polymorphisms and other variations .

The bigger one 's gift to the common pool of knowledge and techniques , the higher one 's status , just as in the potlatch culture of the Native Americans of the northwest coast of North America .
the bigger one 's gift to the common pool of knowledge and [ways] , the higher one 's status , just as in the potlatch culture of the native americans of the northwest coast of north america .

Since the 1980s , techniques have been developed to manipulate the mouse genome .
since the 1980s , [ways] have been developed to manipulate the mouse genome .

Gene targeting has been an invaluable tool in understanding the mechanisms of immunological diseases , and has still a very important role to play with increasingly sophisticated techniques of selective targeting .
gene targeting has been an invaluable tool in understanding the mechanisms of immunological diseases , and has still a very important role to play with increasingly sophisticated [ways] of selective targeting .

Because they can not be easily cultured apart outside of the host for traditional genetic or physiological techniques , analysis of genome sequence offers a valuable tool to infer metabolic functions that endosymbionts have retained and lost and to elucidate the steps in the evolutionary processes of genome reduction .
because they can not be easily cultured apart outside of the host for traditional genetic or physiological [ways] , analysis of genome sequence offers a valuable tool to infer metabolic functions that endosymbionts have retained and lost and to elucidate the steps in the evolutionary processes of genome reduction .

With the advent of other noninvasive brain imaging techniques like positron emission tomography ( PET ) and functional magnetic resonance imaging ( fMRI ) , it became possible to visualize brain activity of stutterers and compare these patterns to fluent controls .
with the advent of other noninvasive brain imaging [ways] like positron emission tomography ( pet ) and functional magnetic resonance imaging ( fmri ) , it became possible to visualize brain activity of stutterers and compare these patterns to fluent controls .

Will the estimation of vaccine efficacy in repeated low-dose challenge studies also require the development of novel statistical techniques ?
will the estimation of vaccine efficacy in repeated low-dose challenge studies also require the development of novel statistical [ways] ?

Although we have shown that low-dose challenge experiments are sufficiently powered even if there is substantial animal-to-animal variation in susceptibility , we did not develop the statistical techniques that would allow the estimation of this variation .
although we have shown that low-dose challenge experiments are sufficiently powered even if there is substantial animal-to-animal variation in susceptibility , we did not develop the statistical [ways] that would allow the estimation of this variation .

While proteins and nucleic acids can be manipulated using powerful molecular biology techniques that enable their directed evolution , the size , fragility , and relatively limited functional group diversity of biological macromolecules make them poorly suited for solving many problems in the chemical sciences .
while proteins and nucleic acids can be manipulated using powerful molecular biology [ways] that enable their directed evolution , the size , fragility , and relatively limited functional group diversity of biological macromolecules make them poorly suited for solving many problems in the chemical sciences .

Our pediatric physicians are studying birth defects , childhood cancers , blood disorders , and bone marrow Transplant techniques , and our medical and molecular genetics research continues to unravel genetic mysteries .
our pediatric physicians are studying birth defects , childhood cancers , blood disorders , and bone marrow transplant [ways] , and our medical and molecular genetics research continues to unravel genetic mysteries .

It has become obvious to me already how crucial the latest techniques and materials are to all fields of dentistry .
it has become obvious to me already how crucial the latest [ways] and materials are to all fields of dentistry .

Not only are the latest and best techniques important to delivering quality dental care , they also help to preserve the traditional quality of dental education offered by IU .
not only are the latest and best [ways] important to delivering quality dental care , they also help to preserve the traditional quality of dental education offered by iu .

To watch politicians fawn over online tools and techniques , many might think so .
to watch politicians fawn over online tools and [ways] , many might think so .

Instead , as with abortion , the panelists praised the new techniques for solving the old questions .
instead , as with abortion , the panelists praised the new [ways] for solving the old questions .

Houston has also supposedly given the first lady `` nonconfrontational techniques to resolve the problems that arise in a marriage . ''
houston has also supposedly given the first lady `` nonconfrontational [ways] to resolve the problems that arise in a marriage . ''

According to the Copenhagen Post Wednesday , new statistics show that one in every 25 births in Denmark now occurs with the help of artificial insemination techniques .
according to the copenhagen post wednesday , new statistics show that one in every 25 births in denmark now occurs with the help of artificial insemination [ways] .

Four percent of births in 1997 took place with the help of either `` test-tube baby '' techniques or in vitro fertilization , it said .
four percent of births in 1997 took place with the help of either `` test-tube baby '' [ways] or in vitro fertilization , it said .

Techniques recycled from Burns ' documentaries on baseball and the Civil War -- including background fiddle music and actors reading wistful letters -- are singled out as especially grating .
[ways] recycled from burns ' documentaries on baseball and the civil war -- including background fiddle music and actors reading wistful letters -- are singled out as especially grating .

Training techniques , too , are tremendously sophisticated .
training [ways] , too , are tremendously sophisticated .

Cruelty and unpredictability are the techniques of the real efficiency experts .
cruelty and unpredictability are the [ways] of the real efficiency experts .

These techniques have already been used in a number of Senate and congressional campaigns .
these [ways] have already been used in a number of senate and congressional campaigns .

U.S. News editors Brian Duffy and Peter Cary in Slate , defending their ranking methodology as an improvement over their previous techniques .
u.s. news editors brian duffy and peter cary in slate , defending their ranking methodology as an improvement over their previous [ways] .

Ads in the Journal of the American Dental Association and on the Web promote tapes and classes on marketing techniques .
ads in the journal of the american dental association and on the web promote tapes and classes on marketing [ways] .

The Times noted that `` Turkey has long been ... a land of ruins , '' but recommended that just as the Turkish government uses the latest techniques to protect monuments such as the Hagia Sophia in Istanbul from seismic turbulence , so should it `` apply the same rigorous standards to its more mundane buildings for it is upon them and their inhabitants that its future depends . ''
the times noted that `` turkey has long been ... a land of ruins , '' but recommended that just as the turkish government uses the latest [ways] to protect monuments such as the hagia sophia in istanbul from seismic turbulence , so should it `` apply the same rigorous standards to its more mundane buildings for it is upon them and their inhabitants that its future depends . ''

Using a more sophisticated version of the same techniques , De Long and Lang concluded that some of the 78 `` confirmed '' hypotheses might be true , but probably not more than about a third of them .
using a more sophisticated version of the same [ways] , de long and lang concluded that some of the 78 `` confirmed '' hypotheses might be true , but probably not more than about a third of them .

Of course , as the Independent of Bangladesh points out , it has yet to be scientifically proved that `` intellectual quality can be enhanced by cattle breeding techniques . ''
of course , as the independent of bangladesh points out , it has yet to be scientifically proved that `` intellectual quality can be enhanced by cattle breeding [ways] . ''

Most claim only a handful of members ( e.g. , Republicans for Bill Bradley ) , but some of the larger ones are quite lively , especially `` Fear and Loathing on Campaign 2K `` and `` Campaign Techniques , '' where they were debating whether candidates should ever make campaign promises when I visited .
most claim only a handful of members ( e.g. , republicans for bill bradley ) , but some of the larger ones are quite lively , especially `` fear and loathing on campaign 2k `` and `` campaign [ways] , '' where they were debating whether candidates should ever make campaign promises when i visited .

The Disneyfied Tarzan is such a wimp that he is not allowed to kill anything or anybody , although our Paleolithic pacifist is permitted to use martial arts techniques in self-defense .
the disneyfied tarzan is such a wimp that he is not allowed to kill anything or anybody , although our paleolithic pacifist is permitted to use martial arts [ways] in self-defense .

Republicans targeted for defeat may harness the same techniques in self-defense .
republicans targeted for defeat may harness the same [ways] in self-defense .

Techniques and conventions that will come to seem eternal and inevitable will actually be invented in the coming months .
[ways] and conventions that will come to seem eternal and inevitable will actually be invented in the coming months .

Goodenough and Richard Dawkins , the noted Darwinist , have written about the survival techniques of the St. Jude letter and other chain mail for the scientific journal Nature .
goodenough and richard dawkins , the noted darwinist , have written about the survival [ways] of the st. jude letter and other chain mail for the scientific journal nature .

Although , explain the papers , many Americans have by now been treated by such experimental techniques , this is the first death associated with them .
although , explain the papers , many americans have by now been treated by such experimental [ways] , this is the first death associated with them .

It is almost impossible to start reading Dutch ( which , because of the Random House embargo , I was able to begin doing only on Friday ) without focusing -- at least at first -- on Morris ' unusual biographical techniques .
it is almost impossible to start reading dutch ( which , because of the random house embargo , i was able to begin doing only on friday ) without focusing -- at least at first -- on morris ' unusual biographical [ways] .

It 's not just that these techniques make it hard to know what is real and what is made up , although they do .
it 's not just that these [ways] make it hard to know what is real and what is made up , although they do .

The result is this hodgepodge of distracting literary techniques that are only intermittently effective and mostly deeply distracting from , even destructive to , his principal goal .
the result is this hodgepodge of distracting literary [ways] that are only intermittently effective and mostly deeply distracting from , even destructive to , his principal goal .

I confess that I have only today worked my way through the last chapters of Morris ' book , and what strikes me is that it actually gets worse as it moves farther away from its unconventional literary techniques .
i confess that i have only today worked my way through the last chapters of morris ' book , and what strikes me is that it actually gets worse as it moves farther away from its unconventional literary [ways] .

They also envisioned a competitive market in selection software , leading to increasingly sophisticated techniques for using those labels .
they also envisioned a competitive market in selection software , leading to increasingly sophisticated [ways] for using those labels .

Finally , despite all the evasive techniques , Clinton and Starr have both told the lies they struggled to avoid .
finally , despite all the evasive [ways] , clinton and starr have both told the lies they struggled to avoid .

Using mystical far-Eastern techniques , an antique Tesla coil , and a regimen of multivitamins , Chatterbox has extracted future recovered Rees-Jones memories and provides them exclusively to readers of this column :
using mystical far-eastern [ways] , an antique tesla coil , and a regimen of multivitamins , chatterbox has extracted future recovered rees-jones memories and provides them exclusively to readers of this column :

You might say that Stephanopoulos helped invent the philander-protection techniques that seem to have made Clinton so overconfident of his ability to not get caught .
you might say that stephanopoulos helped invent the philander-protection [ways] that seem to have made clinton so overconfident of his ability to not get caught .

A story explains the publishing industry 's new survival techniques .
a story explains the publishing industry 's new survival [ways] .

Early diagnosis , new teaching techniques ( emphasis on the arts , thematic programs ) , and new research into the brains of LD kids are starting to rectify a neglected problem .
early diagnosis , new teaching [ways] ( emphasis on the arts , thematic programs ) , and new research into the brains of ld kids are starting to rectify a neglected problem .

Young doctors do n't learn the techniques because 1 ) they fear pro-life violence or 2 ) they consider abortion a low-rent procedure for second-class docs .
young doctors do n't learn the [ways] because 1 ) they fear pro-life violence or 2 ) they consider abortion a low-rent procedure for second-class docs .

Clever street-marketing techniques and `` all-out advocacy of his artists '' earned him the loyalty of superstar rappers such as Jay-Z and Foxy Brown .
clever street-marketing [ways] and `` all-out advocacy of his artists '' earned him the loyalty of superstar rappers such as jay-z and foxy brown .

Having researched how people assess wine , Noble now teaches scientific techniques to describe it precisely .
having researched how people assess wine , noble now teaches scientific [ways] to describe it precisely .

Wolf has engendered controversy with her claims that teaching kids `` sexual gradualism '' techniques like masturbation and oral sex is `` as sensible as teaching them how to drive . ''
wolf has engendered controversy with her claims that teaching kids `` sexual gradualism '' [ways] like masturbation and oral sex is `` as sensible as teaching them how to drive . ''

Telling the truth , said the Times , is one of the most potent of counterterrorist techniques .
telling the truth , said the times , is one of the most potent of counterterrorist [ways] .

The ancient Chinese emperor Fei-ti , Ridley explained , had a harem of 10,000 virgins and `` was expected to make love to two a day , and was trained in special techniques to make sure that he could manage this . ''
the ancient chinese emperor fei-ti , ridley explained , had a harem of 10,000 virgins and `` was expected to make love to two a day , and was trained in special [ways] to make sure that he could manage this . ''

The LAT census lead says that the House 's vote against allowing sampling techniques in the census might ensure an inaccurate count and cost California a billion dollars in lost revenue .
the lat census lead says that the house 's vote against allowing sampling [ways] in the census might ensure an inaccurate count and cost california a billion dollars in lost revenue .

The reason is the fear that , for the purposes of reapportionment and federal revenue distribution , the techniques will help Democrats artificially inflate the numbers of traditionally Democratic minorities and city dwellers , who are hard to reach by traditional head-counting methods .
the reason is the fear that , for the purposes of reapportionment and federal revenue distribution , the [ways] will help democrats artificially inflate the numbers of traditionally democratic minorities and city dwellers , who are hard to reach by traditional head-counting methods .

Watching young Cubists bring the techniques of painting to the forefront , she assigned herself to write `` portraits '' of her friends that did the same thing for literature .
watching young cubists bring the [ways] of painting to the forefront , she assigned herself to write `` portraits '' of her friends that did the same thing for literature .

Rosenman even dipped into the 12-tone techniques revered by the very high priests of modernism who thought his profession was debased .
rosenman even dipped into the 12-tone [ways] revered by the very high priests of modernism who thought his profession was debased .

Berio disassembled traditional techniques of playing , instrument by instrument , in a series of solo pieces called Sequenze , the most famous of which was Sequenza III ( 1966 ) for unaccompanied voice -- eight minutes of theatrical giggling , clicking consonants , and heavy breathing .
berio disassembled traditional [ways] of playing , instrument by instrument , in a series of solo pieces called sequenze , the most famous of which was sequenza iii ( 1966 ) for unaccompanied voice -- eight minutes of theatrical giggling , clicking consonants , and heavy breathing .

Unable to use their usual firefighting techniques for fear of endangering the property next door , they 're forced into a futile house-by-house battle in what is essentially one huge firetrap .
unable to use their usual firefighting [ways] for fear of endangering the property next door , they 're forced into a futile house-by-house battle in what is essentially one huge firetrap .

During the first quarter of the century , the beauty industry advanced new sales techniques emphasizing personal contact : door-to-door and mail-order marketing , beauty schools and correspondence courses , lines of cosmetics tied to salons .
during the first quarter of the century , the beauty industry advanced new sales [ways] emphasizing personal contact : door-to-door and mail-order marketing , beauty schools and correspondence courses , lines of cosmetics tied to salons .

Despite his penchant for revolutionary rhetoric , his inspired use of modern techniques of collective mobilization , and his willingness to strike up a tactical alliance with Stalin , Hitler remained a committed foe of what he called `` Jew-Bolshevism , '' and indeed , of all leveling ideologies .
despite his penchant for revolutionary rhetoric , his inspired use of modern [ways] of collective mobilization , and his willingness to strike up a tactical alliance with stalin , hitler remained a committed foe of what he called `` jew-bolshevism , '' and indeed , of all leveling ideologies .

Lamenting `` the near total erosion of the distinction between the upmarket dailies and their tabloid print and television inferiors , '' MacArthur attacked both the Times and the Washington Post for persisting in a `` self-righteous persecution of Mr. Clinton and defence of Mr. Starr 's vice-squad techniques . ''
lamenting `` the near total erosion of the distinction between the upmarket dailies and their tabloid print and television inferiors , '' macarthur attacked both the times and the washington post for persisting in a `` self-righteous persecution of mr. clinton and defence of mr. starr 's vice-squad [ways] . ''

Nothing novel about the advertising techniques here : They 're put to effective use , and are unlikely to offend in this era of peace and plenty , where the political battles in Washington seem so completely irrelevant that pollsters are hard pressed to elicit strong reactions from their public .
nothing novel about the advertising [ways] here : they 're put to effective use , and are unlikely to offend in this era of peace and plenty , where the political battles in washington seem so completely irrelevant that pollsters are hard pressed to elicit strong reactions from their public .

After all , there are several issue-advocacy techniques designed to show members of Congress your `` grassroots support . ''
after all , there are several issue-advocacy [ways] designed to show members of congress your `` grassroots support . ''

Hammerschmidt-Hummel , working with a team of scientists using advanced photographic techniques , found close similarities between the mask and a famous bust of Shakespeare , which she believes was copied from it .
hammerschmidt-hummel , working with a team of scientists using advanced photographic [ways] , found close similarities between the mask and a famous bust of shakespeare , which she believes was copied from it .

Here 's the big reason Fabius is on trial : For three months in the spring of 1985 , his government failed to implement screening techniques readily available from Abbott Laboratories , an American company .
here 's the big reason fabius is on trial : for three months in the spring of 1985 , his government failed to implement screening [ways] readily available from abbott laboratories , an american company .

Doesseker was exposed -- his nemesis was another Holocaust memoirist , bitter at his lack of comparable success -- he traveled around the world giving seminars on the memory-recovering techniques that led to his `` discovery '' that he was a Holocaust survivor .
doesseker was exposed -- his nemesis was another holocaust memoirist , bitter at his lack of comparable success -- he traveled around the world giving seminars on the memory-recovering [ways] that led to his `` discovery '' that he was a holocaust survivor .

Ultimate fighting schools began sprouting up all over the country , replacing the stylized gestures of the Eastern martial arts with techniques that actually work .
ultimate fighting schools began sprouting up all over the country , replacing the stylized gestures of the eastern martial arts with [ways] that actually work .

Away from the scrutiny of the major media , state legislators , and McCain , kids are still learning mixed martial-arts techniques , and small-time promoters are quietly staging events .
away from the scrutiny of the major media , state legislators , and mccain , kids are still learning mixed martial-arts [ways] , and small-time promoters are quietly staging events .

Every news story mentions her latest book , Promiscuities ( which , as every reporter notes , is written in `` the first person sexual '' ) , in which she reportedly `` urges the teaching of sexual techniques '' in school -- specifically , `` instructing teenagers how to masturbate and perform oral sex . ''
every news story mentions her latest book , promiscuities ( which , as every reporter notes , is written in `` the first person sexual '' ) , in which she reportedly `` urges the teaching of sexual [ways] '' in school -- specifically , `` instructing teenagers how to masturbate and perform oral sex . ''

Gray , who has berated Clinton 's fund-raising techniques , is himself a massive soft-money donor and a lobbyist who exploits his insider ties .
gray , who has berated clinton 's fund-raising [ways] , is himself a massive soft-money donor and a lobbyist who exploits his insider ties .

An earnest analysis of women in the military advocates that the Pentagon use the techniques that helped integrate blacks into the services .
an earnest analysis of women in the military advocates that the pentagon use the [ways] that helped integrate blacks into the services .

The techniques described include pretending also to be on the phone with another client who just placed a big order with the broker or who just made half a million dollars with him .
the [ways] described include pretending also to be on the phone with another client who just placed a big order with the broker or who just made half a million dollars with him .

As an achiever , I constantly look for new techniques of achievement and seek to minimize behaviors with low achievement yield .
as an achiever , i constantly look for new [ways] of achievement and seek to minimize behaviors with low achievement yield .

The very first thing you must do , before we get into any actual viewing techniques , is ask yourself why sports are an important part of your life .
the very first thing you must do , before we get into any actual viewing [ways] , is ask yourself why sports are an important part of your life .

Once the techniques of viewing are mastered , there remains a major step : analysis .
once the [ways] of viewing are mastered , there remains a major step : analysis .

The fortunetellers of old had many techniques .
the fortunetellers of old had many [ways] .

The techniques of being an Internet visionary are just like those of lower-tech fortunetellers through the ages .
the [ways] of being an internet visionary are just like those of lower-tech fortunetellers through the ages .

In Los Angeles , about a half-dozen homeless shelters have computer labs , which help residents learn everything from remedial math to job-searching techniques .
in los angeles , about a half-dozen homeless shelters have computer labs , which help residents learn everything from remedial math to job-searching [ways] .

The New York Times reveals some of the cops ' most effective techniques after they decided to get tougher : confiscating gas masks and cell phones from demonstrators .
the new york times reveals some of the cops ' most effective [ways] after they decided to get tougher : confiscating gas masks and cell phones from demonstrators .

The testers used such techniques as piggybacking through locked doors behind properly credentialed personnel , and driving through unmanned gates .
the testers used such [ways] as piggybacking through locked doors behind properly credentialed personnel , and driving through unmanned gates .

Studies that come to the opposite conclusion only demonstrate the bankruptcy of `` ghoulish '' techniques such as cost-benefit analysis and provide more proof in general of the poverty of economics .
studies that come to the opposite conclusion only demonstrate the bankruptcy of `` ghoulish '' [ways] such as cost-benefit analysis and provide more proof in general of the poverty of economics .

Holed up in his squalid attic studio in Montmartre ( models complained of the dust , but Degas believed that sweeping just moved the dust around ) , Degas narrowed his subject matter to a few recurrent motifs -- women bathing , having their hair combed , and dancing -- while at the same time experimenting with a remarkable range of techniques and media ( photography , tracing paper , lurid color combinations ) .
holed up in his squalid attic studio in montmartre ( models complained of the dust , but degas believed that sweeping just moved the dust around ) , degas narrowed his subject matter to a few recurrent motifs -- women bathing , having their hair combed , and dancing -- while at the same time experimenting with a remarkable range of [ways] and media ( photography , tracing paper , lurid color combinations ) .

We would reintroduce the techniques of the Inquisition , the Star Chamber , and the Stalinist secret police .
we would reintroduce the [ways] of the inquisition , the star chamber , and the stalinist secret police .

Then you close by saying that your view `` is that the standard set of legal techniques ... carry over well to this new environment '' and that `` nothing about the Internet , no special brand of cyberspace liberty , changes these fundamental relationships and the problems they pose . ''
then you close by saying that your view `` is that the standard set of legal [ways] ... carry over well to this new environment '' and that `` nothing about the internet , no special brand of cyberspace liberty , changes these fundamental relationships and the problems they pose . ''

While the story of these ads is mainly one of a desperate grab for market share and brand identity via the familiar techniques of jittery cameras , hyperbolic humor , and some measure of association with that ineffable quality we now call `` extreme-ness , '' the most interesting new Internet ad campaign offers none of these .
while the story of these ads is mainly one of a desperate grab for market share and brand identity via the familiar [ways] of jittery cameras , hyperbolic humor , and some measure of association with that ineffable quality we now call `` extreme-ness , '' the most interesting new internet ad campaign offers none of these .

If the system turns out to be filled with folks who plant traps along the way , there are responses to deal with them , whether they are the next generation of cookies or the old bait-and-switch techniques .
if the system turns out to be filled with folks who plant traps along the way , there are responses to deal with them , whether they are the next generation of cookies or the old bait-and-switch [ways] .

My view is that the standard set of legal techniques , from contract to legislation to constitutional protection , carry over well to this new environment , even after it ceases to be organized as vast public space , as it was at its outset .
my view is that the standard set of legal [ways] , from contract to legislation to constitutional protection , carry over well to this new environment , even after it ceases to be organized as vast public space , as it was at its outset .

What 's ironic about this revisionism is that it 's easy to dismiss the 1980s vogue for Japanese strategy and techniques only because so many of those techniques have become part of the fabric of everyday life at many , perhaps most , U.S. industrial companies .
what 's ironic about this revisionism is that it 's easy to dismiss the 1980s vogue for japanese strategy and [ways] only because so many of those [ways] have become part of the fabric of everyday life at many , perhaps most , u.s. industrial companies .

In 1993 , the company implemented Japanese-style production techniques in its sewing plants , breaking apart routinized assembly and giving individual workers more responsibility .
in 1993 , the company implemented japanese-style production [ways] in its sewing plants , breaking apart routinized assembly and giving individual workers more responsibility .

Of course , as Cook says more than once ( actually , he says it more than 25 times ) , what 's $ 2,500 for a workshop next to the veritable millions you 'll make as soon as you 've learned the sure-fire techniques of buying options on margin ?
of course , as cook says more than once ( actually , he says it more than 25 times ) , what 's $ 2,500 for a workshop next to the veritable millions you 'll make as soon as you 've learned the sure-fire [ways] of buying options on margin ?

How do those techniques work ?
how do those [ways] work ?

Good policy on abortion would not focus on techniques at all -- or even on when the fetus can survive outside the womb .
good policy on abortion would not focus on [ways] at all -- or even on when the fetus can survive outside the womb .

Even though Bob survived my amateur central-line techniques , I 'm guessing that he would have preferred a more experienced intern .
even though bob survived my amateur central-line [ways] , i 'm guessing that he would have preferred a more experienced intern .

Here the expert is Professor Isaac Ehrlich , who , in the mid-'70s , pioneered the use of sophisticated statistical techniques to measure deterrent effects of conviction and punishment .
here the expert is professor isaac ehrlich , who , in the mid-'70s , pioneered the use of sophisticated statistical [ways] to measure deterrent effects of conviction and punishment .

After initially lying , insisting it had received no complaints , the board shifted to the more reliable techniques of equivocating and trivializing its critics , insisting that there was no problem , and if there was it was small , and temporary , and that those who complained were just a bunch of complainers whose purpose is just to make some complaints .
after initially lying , insisting it had received no complaints , the board shifted to the more reliable [ways] of equivocating and trivializing its critics , insisting that there was no problem , and if there was it was small , and temporary , and that those who complained were just a bunch of complainers whose purpose is just to make some complaints .

Some of it requires sophisticated techniques and sophisticated measurements .
some of it requires sophisticated [ways] and sophisticated measurements .

For instance , the line adopted in several recent Times pieces is that while extravagant musicals can score funding and bring in huge crowds of tourists , serious plays using experimental techniques and tackling risqué subjects languish .
for instance , the line adopted in several recent times pieces is that while extravagant musicals can score funding and bring in huge crowds of tourists , serious plays using experimental [ways] and tackling risqué subjects languish .

We could never get away with paying neighborhood baby sitters ( or local unlicensed day-care centers ) such ridiculously low rates if their child-care techniques did n't partly involve plopping the kids in front of the TV .
we could never get away with paying neighborhood baby sitters ( or local unlicensed day-care centers ) such ridiculously low rates if their child-care [ways] did n't partly involve plopping the kids in front of the tv .

Only last week , it urged China to change its defense strategy so as to master U.S. precision-bombing techniques .
only last week , it urged china to change its defense strategy so as to master u.s. precision-bombing [ways] .

In an article published last week , the Liberation Army Daily said , `` We have to use the Kosovo crisis to raise the alarm , and work towards high-technology warfare , create new warfare techniques and training methods . ''
in an article published last week , the liberation army daily said , `` we have to use the kosovo crisis to raise the alarm , and work towards high-technology warfare , create new warfare [ways] and training methods . ''

The dramatic spin : Smith is an ingenious villain , and the computer security companies that pursued him were ingenious sleuths using sophisticated technology and techniques .
the dramatic spin : smith is an ingenious villain , and the computer security companies that pursued him were ingenious sleuths using sophisticated technology and [ways] .

That animated black rubber cylinder provided a surprisingly lucid exegesis of offside , icing , and the undesirability of Quebec separatism , along with some disturbing Toronto sex techniques .
that animated black rubber cylinder provided a surprisingly lucid exegesis of offside , icing , and the undesirability of quebec separatism , along with some disturbing toronto sex [ways] .

Crook and Gottlieb think that all valuation techniques are out the window for firms that do n't pay dividends , but they are misinformed .
crook and gottlieb think that all valuation [ways] are out the window for firms that do n't pay dividends , but they are misinformed .

My article does not say or imply that `` real earnings growth only reflects retentions and that dividend growth must be zero '' or that `` all valuation techniques are out the window for firms that do n't pay dividends . ''
my article does not say or imply that `` real earnings growth only reflects retentions and that dividend growth must be zero '' or that `` all valuation [ways] are out the window for firms that do n't pay dividends . ''

The administration has brushed off the charges with the same deft techniques -- the dodge , the denial , and the claim of irrelevancy -- that characterized its handling of Flytrap .
the administration has brushed off the charges with the same deft [ways] -- the dodge , the denial , and the claim of irrelevancy -- that characterized its handling of flytrap .

I ordered Better Sexual Techniques , Advanced Sexual Techniques , Making Sex Fun , and Advanced Oral Sex Techniques ( priced about $ 11.95 each , not including shipping and handling ) .
i ordered better sexual [ways] , advanced sexual [ways] , making sex fun , and advanced oral sex [ways] ( priced about $ 11.95 each , not including shipping and handling ) .

Despite the planes ' detection techniques , sometimes `` you do n't know if it 's some civilian driving to the grocery store , or a military vehicle , '' says an intelligence officer .
despite the planes ' detection [ways] , sometimes `` you do n't know if it 's some civilian driving to the grocery store , or a military vehicle , '' says an intelligence officer .

Musicians return to folk and blues roots , and reject studio techniques with a low-fi movement ( Guided by Voices ) that treasures spontaneity and tape hiss .
musicians return to folk and blues roots , and reject studio [ways] with a low-fi movement ( guided by voices ) that treasures spontaneity and tape hiss .

Other new techniques include the use of computer animation to construct images of faces , based on surviving jawbones and teeth , as well as information gleaned from DNA about hair color .
other new [ways] include the use of computer animation to construct images of faces , based on surviving jawbones and teeth , as well as information gleaned from dna about hair color .

If you missed the sidebar on embalming techniques and their cultural significance through the ages , click .
if you missed the sidebar on embalming [ways] and their cultural significance through the ages , click .

All these various tax techniques make shares of stock more valuable , per dollar of corporate earnings , than previously .
all these various tax [ways] make shares of stock more valuable , per dollar of corporate earnings , than previously .

It is nevertheless a useful illustration of a few techniques that need to be mastered by anyone wishing to fabricate a news story :
it is nevertheless a useful illustration of a few [ways] that need to be mastered by anyone wishing to fabricate a news story :

Using these eight simple techniques , you can fabricate a news story in the comfort of your own home .
using these eight simple [ways] , you can fabricate a news story in the comfort of your own home .

The trouble with this kind of detailed analysis is it implies that any competent craftsman could carefully study the performer 's techniques and replicate them -- Hoffman 's `` preparation . ''
the trouble with this kind of detailed analysis is it implies that any competent craftsman could carefully study the performer 's [ways] and replicate them -- hoffman 's `` preparation . ''

Consequently , the religious right is riddled with tiny groups , their very own Mienovites and Oehlerites , who believe they each have a monopoly on midwifery techniques for bringing a Christian society into the world .
consequently , the religious right is riddled with tiny groups , their very own mienovites and oehlerites , who believe they each have a monopoly on midwifery [ways] for bringing a christian society into the world .

Techniques of production may be locked in at an early stage .
[ways] of production may be locked in at an early stage .

The NYT lead says that while the broad outlines of U.S. aid to Guatemala 's military have been known , the report confirms that the CIA 's training of Guatemala 's military in counterinsurgency techniques `` had a significant bearing '' on the human rights violations it committed , including torture , kidnapping , and execution .
the nyt lead says that while the broad outlines of u.s. aid to guatemala 's military have been known , the report confirms that the cia 's training of guatemala 's military in counterinsurgency [ways] `` had a significant bearing '' on the human rights violations it committed , including torture , kidnapping , and execution .

The report discloses U.S. plans to : 1 ) teach opposition groups organization and recruitment techniques , 2 ) fund an exile activities center in London , 3 ) index war crimes documents for future trials , and 4 ) establish an anti-Hussein `` Radio Free Iraq . ''
the report discloses u.s. plans to : 1 ) teach opposition groups organization and recruitment [ways] , 2 ) fund an exile activities center in london , 3 ) index war crimes documents for future trials , and 4 ) establish an anti-hussein `` radio free iraq . ''

The Post also reports in the story that sophisticated DNA techniques have proved beyond doubt that Dolly is a clone .
the post also reports in the story that sophisticated dna [ways] have proved beyond doubt that dolly is a clone .

Then , too , one must examine the techniques used to group the many languages of the world .
then , too , one must examine the [ways] used to group the many languages of the world .

As I have dealt mainly with texts that were in machine-readable form , I have been able to develop techniques for extracting an index from a text , especially if the text is consistently styled typographically .
as i have dealt mainly with texts that were in machine-readable form , i have been able to develop [ways] for extracting an index from a text , especially if the text is consistently styled typographically .

All of the above techniques rest , in one way or another , on the meanings of words .
all of the above [ways] rest , in one way or another , on the meanings of words .

Tucked away in one corner is a collection of books on how to improve your memory , most of which offer different techniques .
tucked away in one corner is a collection of books on how to improve your memory , most of which offer different [ways] .

One of the great joys of recreational linguistics is the chance to do original work , to discover new techniques or better examples illustrating old ones .
one of the great joys of recreational linguistics is the chance to do original work , to discover new [ways] or better examples illustrating old ones .

Their techniques of encryption may be divided into : reduction coding , which minimizes data to be stored ( e.g. , acronyms : reducing words to single letters ) ; and elaboration coding , which strengthens weakly linked memory structures by adding material ( e.g. , rhymes , and epi-acronyms : in which initial letters of words in phrases are the code ) .
their [ways] of encryption may be divided into : reduction coding , which minimizes data to be stored ( e.g. , acronyms : reducing words to single letters ) ; and elaboration coding , which strengthens weakly linked memory structures by adding material ( e.g. , rhymes , and epi-acronyms : in which initial letters of words in phrases are the code ) .

Marie recently made her début as an ingénue in a risqué , avant-garde cinéma-vérité movie which used advanced montage techniques , was hailed as a tour de force and became a succés de scandale .
marie recently made her début as an ingénue in a risqué , avant-garde cinéma-vérité movie which used advanced montage [ways] , was hailed as a tour de force and became a succés de scandale .

It would be more accurate to say that the terms are explained , rather than defined ; opinions are given , techniques are discussed ( carefully distinguishing between dry fly-fishing and wet ) , and the style is easy .
it would be more accurate to say that the terms are explained , rather than defined ; opinions are given , [ways] are discussed ( carefully distinguishing between dry fly-fishing and wet ) , and the style is easy .

Perhaps Aman will sharpen his perspective and techniques and institute such interviews as a regular feature of Maledicta .
perhaps aman will sharpen his perspective and [ways] and institute such interviews as a regular feature of maledicta .

Never before had I been required to see and soak up that drama which depends on a whole array of techniques that have nothing intrinsically to do with words .
never before had i been required to see and soak up that drama which depends on a whole array of [ways] that have nothing intrinsically to do with words .

For example , MIPS is a convenient acronym for millions of instructions per second , point and click is a quick and direct way of describing basic mouse techniques , and run-around , borrowed from typesetting , is an apt metaphor for the way text flows around the outside edges of a graphic image .
for example , mips is a convenient acronym for millions of instructions per second , point and click is a quick and direct way of describing basic mouse [ways] , and run-around , borrowed from typesetting , is an apt metaphor for the way text flows around the outside edges of a graphic image .

Whole forests may be saved by this , as “ Speech Processing and Recognition using Integrated Neurocomputing Techniques ” turns to SPRINT , and “ Correct Hardware Design Methodology : Towards Formal Design and Verification for Provably Correct VLSI Hardware ” becomes CHARME .
whole forests may be saved by this , as “ speech processing and recognition using integrated neurocomputing [ways] ” turns to sprint , and “ correct hardware design methodology : towards formal design and verification for provably correct vlsi hardware ” becomes charme .

According to the manual , the file compression techniques used the 30,000 character dictionary to list about 18,500 root words .
according to the manual , the file compression [ways] used the 30,000 character dictionary to list about 18,500 root words .

