He could terminate special sessions of the Legislature .
he could [end] special sessions of the legislature .

They plan to become county people who know the proper way to terminate a fox's life on earth .
they plan to become county people who know the proper way to [end] a fox's life on earth .

But then , Mario Lanza was no common singer , and his whole career , public and non-public , was studded with the kind of unconventional happenings that terminate with the appearance of his first `` recital '' only when he has ceased to be a living voice .
but then , mario lanza was no common singer , and his whole career , public and non-public , was studded with the kind of unconventional happenings that [end] with the appearance of his first `` recital '' only when he has ceased to be a living voice .

Pre-attack reconnaissance is vital but only post-attack reconnaissance will allow us to terminate the war favorably .
pre-attack reconnaissance is vital but only post-attack reconnaissance will allow us to [end] the war favorably .

All orders originate with the officer of highest rank and terminate with action of the men in the ranks .
all orders originate with the officer of highest rank and [end] with action of the men in the ranks .

He never let me know that my visit was about to terminate until the actual morning I was to leave for Lymington .
he never let me know that my visit was about to [end] until the actual morning i was to leave for lymington .

The authority of the Secretary of the Interior under this joint resolution to construct , operate , and maintain demonstration plants shall terminate upon the expiration of twelve years after the date on which this joint resolution is approved .
the authority of the secretary of the interior under this joint resolution to construct , operate , and maintain demonstration plants shall [end] upon the expiration of twelve years after the date on which this joint resolution is approved .

and General Motors and Du Pont were to be ordered to terminate any agreement that provided for the purchase by General Motors of any specified percentage of its requirements of any Du Pont manufactured product , or for the grant of exclusive patent rights , or for a grant by General Motors to Du Pont of a preferential right to make or sell any chemical discovery of General Motors , or for the maintenance of any joint commercial enterprise by the two companies .
and general motors and du pont were to be ordered to [end] any agreement that provided for the purchase by general motors of any specified percentage of its requirements of any du pont manufactured product , or for the grant of exclusive patent rights , or for a grant by general motors to du pont of a preferential right to make or sell any chemical discovery of general motors , or for the maintenance of any joint commercial enterprise by the two companies .

The United States Government shall have the right to terminate the financing of further sales under this Agreement of any commodity if it determines at any time after June 30 , 1961 , that such action is necessitated by the existence of an international emergency .
the united states government shall have the right to [end] the financing of further sales under this agreement of any commodity if it determines at any time after june 30 , 1961 , that such action is necessitated by the existence of an international emergency .

Adverbial second complements , however , are likely not to have dominant stress when they terminate sentences .
adverbial second complements , however , are likely not to have dominant stress when they [end] sentences .

She retreated by leaving the room when we suggested that our meeting might well terminate right then and there .
she retreated by leaving the room when we suggested that our meeting might well [end] right then and there .

and enzymes which terminate the action of peptides such as bradykinin and perhaps Substance Z were studied .
and enzymes which [end] the action of peptides such as bradykinin and perhaps substance z were studied .

Terminate your cat and liquidate your assets don some mirror shades and eat some Bertie Bassetts .
[end] your cat and liquidate your assets don some mirror shades and eat some bertie bassetts .

David Greenland , of North Terrace , Gainford , said Sturdy , whom he knew from school , offered him a deal which he thought would boost trade and which he could terminate if he wanted to .
david greenland , of north terrace , gainford , said sturdy , whom he knew from school , offered him a deal which he thought would boost trade and which he could [end] if he wanted to .

However , when the threat abated in 1989 with a ceasefire in Angola , which saw Cuban forces retreating to Havana , and the end of the Cold War , the decision was taken to terminate the programme .
however , when the threat abated in 1989 with a ceasefire in angola , which saw cuban forces retreating to havana , and the end of the cold war , the decision was taken to [end] the programme .

Graham Marshall followed with injuries to his rib cage which according to the internationalist following the game , will possibly terminate his career .
graham marshall followed with injuries to his rib cage which according to the internationalist following the game , will possibly [end] his career .

The characteristic impedance of a T-section of a constant-k , band-pass , ladder filter is from equations ( 9.1 ) , ( 9.48 ) and ( 9.49 ) However , the usual procedure is to terminate such a ladder with resistance k given by equation ( 9.48 ) , in which case the performances of its later sections depart somewhat from that indicated by figure 9.6 ( b ) .
the characteristic impedance of a t-section of a constant-k , band-pass , ladder filter is from equations ( 9.1 ) , ( 9.48 ) and ( 9.49 ) however , the usual procedure is to [end] such a ladder with resistance k given by equation ( 9.48 ) , in which case the performances of its later sections depart somewhat from that indicated by figure 9.6 ( b ) .

The servo amplifier circuitry is mounted on a small printed circuit board that fits within the case of the servo mechanics and the user is presented with three colour coded wires that terminate at a miniature plug or socket .
the servo amplifier circuitry is mounted on a small printed circuit board that fits within the case of the servo mechanics and the user is presented with three colour coded wires that [end] at a miniature plug or socket .

This man of the church was , for his own protection , advising her to terminate the life of their own child .
this man of the church was , for his own protection , advising her to [end] the life of their own child .

She may have a house to sell , or a tenancy to terminate , and she should be made aware of your willingness to help her with this , if she wishes , and with everything else connected with the move .
she may have a house to sell , or a tenancy to [end] , and she should be made aware of your willingness to help her with this , if she wishes , and with everything else connected with the move .

Modal choice , however , is not solely concerned with the start point of a trip : for those Journeys that terminate beyond the immediate neighbourhood it is a question of finding the easiest mode for the whole route .
modal choice , however , is not solely concerned with the start point of a trip : for those journeys that [end] beyond the immediate neighbourhood it is a question of finding the easiest mode for the whole route .

The highly promising Keith Andrew from Lancashire would be qualified to take over in 1954 , and it was not a surprise when Northants decided to terminate Fiddling 's engagement before the season was out .
the highly promising keith andrew from lancashire would be qualified to take over in 1954 , and it was not a surprise when northants decided to [end] fiddling 's engagement before the season was out .

The provisos and conditions for re-entry by the landlord for breach of covenant or non-payment of rent by the tenant are designed to give the landlord power to terminate the lease .
the provisos and conditions for re-entry by the landlord for breach of covenant or non-payment of rent by the tenant are designed to give the landlord power to [end] the lease .

Creditors are all too frequently obliged to terminate the consumer credit agreement because the debtor is in default .
creditors are all too frequently obliged to [end] the consumer credit agreement because the debtor is in default .

The hirer had an option to purchase on paying all the instalments and could terminate the agreement at any time .
the hirer had an option to purchase on paying all the instalments and could [end] the agreement at any time .

Asshe must have known , when he put in the advertisement , that it would terminate Paul 's employment , make them beggars , for Dinah also had lost her place .
asshe must have known , when he put in the advertisement , that it would [end] paul 's employment , make them beggars , for dinah also had lost her place .

In my opinion , these charges are an attempt to retaliate for Mr Macchio having filed his own action to terminate their professional relationship .
in my opinion , these charges are an attempt to retaliate for mr macchio having filed his own action to [end] their professional relationship .

At the gross anatomical level the optic tract can be seen to terminate in a number of discrete relays in the brainstem .
at the gross anatomical level the optic tract can be seen to [end] in a number of discrete relays in the brainstem .

The evidence for this comes from work on cats , a species in which the X-cells terminate almost entirely in area 17 of the cortex while the Y-cells project additionally to adjacent areas of the visual cortex .
the evidence for this comes from work on cats , a species in which the x-cells [end] almost entirely in area 17 of the cortex while the y-cells project additionally to adjacent areas of the visual cortex .

The Company decided to terminate the project , along with the jobs of the design team .
the company decided to [end] the project , along with the jobs of the design team .

To avoid being unfair or unjustified , we will instruct the company to terminate Tramway No .
to avoid being unfair or unjustified , we will instruct the company to [end] tramway no .

7.5 In the event that fails to order and pay for the minimum number of copies of the Licensed Software specified in Schedule 9 shall be entitled at its option , to terminate the Agreement without liability .
7.5 in the event that fails to order and pay for the minimum number of copies of the licensed software specified in schedule 9 shall be entitled at its option , to [end] the agreement without liability .

However , both the license and the right to use the Program terminate automatically if you violate any part of this Agreement .
however , both the license and the right to use the program [end] automatically if you violate any part of this agreement .

5.2 Either party shall be entitled on written notice to the other to terminate this Agreement forthwith in the event of any breach of the terms of this Agreement by either party which terms shall include :
5.2 either party shall be entitled on written notice to the other to [end] this agreement forthwith in the event of any breach of the terms of this agreement by either party which terms shall include :

5.3 During any notice period to terminate the Publisher shall be entitled to negotiate and appoint an alternative distributor of its Publications within the Territory
5.3 during any notice period to [end] the publisher shall be entitled to negotiate and appoint an alternative distributor of its publications within the territory

6.2 Either party shall be entitled on written notice to the other to terminate the Agreement forthwith in the event of any substantial breach by either party which shall include :
6.2 either party shall be entitled on written notice to the other to [end] the agreement forthwith in the event of any substantial breach by either party which shall include :

6.2 Either party shall be entitled on written notice to the other to terminate the Agreement forthwith in the event of any substantial breach by either party which shall include :
6.2 either party shall be entitled on written notice to the other to [end] the agreement forthwith in the event of any substantial breach by either party which shall include :

This obligation to give notice shall terminate six months after completion of the Project .
this obligation to give notice shall [end] six months after completion of the project .

If you deviate substantially and importantly from the conditions laid down in this letter of engagement , we will be free to terminate the engagement by immediate notice at any time and to engage additional and/or alternative directors to perform some or all of the functions set out here .
if you deviate substantially and importantly from the conditions laid down in this letter of engagement , we will be free to [end] the engagement by immediate notice at any time and to engage additional and/or alternative directors to perform some or all of the functions set out here .

If you deviate substantially and importantly from the conditions laid down in this letter of engagement , we will be free to terminate the engagement by immediate notice at any time and to engage additional and/or alternative directors to perform some or all of the functions set out here .
if you deviate substantially and importantly from the conditions laid down in this letter of engagement , we will be free to [end] the engagement by immediate notice at any time and to engage additional and/or alternative directors to perform some or all of the functions set out here .

4.1.1 the date of expiry of three ( 3 ) months ' written notice to terminate given by either party to the other , provided always that it is understood that notice shall not be given under this clause 4.1.1 before the expiry of two ( 2 ) years commencing on the date of this Agreement ,
4.1.1 the date of expiry of three ( 3 ) months ' written notice to [end] given by either party to the other , provided always that it is understood that notice shall not be given under this clause 4.1.1 before the expiry of two ( 2 ) years commencing on the date of this agreement ,

In this event , may give written notice to to terminate this Agreement immediately .
in this event , may give written notice to to [end] this agreement immediately .

11.1.3 a receiver or administrative receiver or similar is appointed over any substantial part of either party 's business , then the other party may by written notice terminate this Agreement immediately .
11.1.3 a receiver or administrative receiver or similar is appointed over any substantial part of either party 's business , then the other party may by written notice [end] this agreement immediately .

6.2 Either party shall be entitled on written notice to the other to terminate the Agreement forthwith in the event of any substantial breach by either party which shall include :
6.2 either party shall be entitled on written notice to the other to [end] the agreement forthwith in the event of any substantial breach by either party which shall include :

If you deviate substantially and importantly from the conditions laid down in this letter of engagement , we will be free to terminate the engagement by immediate notice at any time and to engage additional and/or alternative directors to perform some or all of the functions set out here .
if you deviate substantially and importantly from the conditions laid down in this letter of engagement , we will be free to [end] the engagement by immediate notice at any time and to engage additional and/or alternative directors to perform some or all of the functions set out here .

One such occasion is the final ritual performed to terminate the funeral cycle three months after a death .
one such occasion is the final ritual performed to [end] the funeral cycle three months after a death .

An employer has no more power to give orders to an employee than a customer has to demand that a grocer supply goods at a certain price : all a discontented employer can do in practice , just like a customer , is terminate the relationship .
an employer has no more power to give orders to an employee than a customer has to demand that a grocer supply goods at a certain price : all a discontented employer can do in practice , just like a customer , is [end] the relationship .

It can provide information regarding the possible need to change management style , to accelerate , decelerate or even terminate the activity earlier and hence save scarce resources which can be used to good effect elsewhere .
it can provide information regarding the possible need to change management style , to accelerate , decelerate or even [end] the activity earlier and hence save scarce resources which can be used to good effect elsewhere .

On the other hand , the organisation will always retain the right to terminate the engagement prematurely if it considers this may be necessary .
on the other hand , the organisation will always retain the right to [end] the engagement prematurely if it considers this may be necessary .

Some give open-ended contracts , others employ their seasonal workers on a succession of fixed-term contracts of essentially an arbitrary duration ( usually between 10 and 12 weeks ) which contain an additional clause allowing the employer to terminate them prematurely with one weeks ' notice .
some give open-ended contracts , others employ their seasonal workers on a succession of fixed-term contracts of essentially an arbitrary duration ( usually between 10 and 12 weeks ) which contain an additional clause allowing the employer to [end] them prematurely with one weeks ' notice .

Moreover , although employers in the holiday camps sector themselves reserve the right to terminate seasonal workers ' employment before the end of the season when the site finally shuts down , they seldom have to exercise this right .
moreover , although employers in the holiday camps sector themselves reserve the right to [end] seasonal workers ' employment before the end of the season when the site finally shuts down , they seldom have to exercise this right .

Despite the security which full employment offers them , most workers would wish to be able to decide for themselves when to terminate any particular employment .
despite the security which full employment offers them , most workers would wish to be able to decide for themselves when to [end] any particular employment .

Page took the view that on the true construction of section 34 of the statutes the university had no power to remove him from office and terminate his employment save for good cause .
page took the view that on the true construction of section 34 of the statutes the university had no power to remove him from office and [end] his employment save for good cause .

If the letters of offer and acceptance are looked at alone then it is clear that the university was entitled to terminate the appointment on three months ' notice .
if the letters of offer and acceptance are looked at alone then it is clear that the university was entitled to [end] the appointment on three months ' notice .

, for gross misconduct ) , a lecturer can only be dismissed for good cause after being given three months ' notice ( though the lecturer can terminate the agreement on three months ' notice without any reason being assigned ) .
, for gross misconduct ) , a lecturer can only be dismissed for good cause after being given three months ' notice ( though the lecturer can [end] the agreement on three months ' notice without any reason being assigned ) .

1 . all the field lines originate on the positive charge and terminate on the negative charge ;
1 . all the field lines originate on the positive charge and [end] on the negative charge ;

It is easier now to prevent pregnancy through contraception , and to terminate it through abortion .
it is easier now to prevent pregnancy through contraception , and to [end] it through abortion .

She is finally defeated by Ripley operating a mechanical lifter , a power loader a more sophisticated reprise of Sarah working the hydraulic press to ‘ terminate ’ her adversary in The Terminator ( Cameron 's self confessed love of machinery is apparent again ) .
she is finally defeated by ripley operating a mechanical lifter , a power loader a more sophisticated reprise of sarah working the hydraulic press to ‘ [end] ’ her adversary in the terminator ( cameron 's self confessed love of machinery is apparent again ) .

The prosecutor may decide to terminate the case , treat it as délit or , exceptionally , send it to an examining magistrate .
the prosecutor may decide to [end] the case , treat it as délit or , exceptionally , send it to an examining magistrate .

To prevent collusion between employer and employee , the local authority is not obliged to do this when the tied cottager is still employed by the farmer ( who could otherwise obtain a council house for the tenant by threatening to terminate his employment ) .
to prevent collusion between employer and employee , the local authority is not obliged to do this when the tied cottager is still employed by the farmer ( who could otherwise obtain a council house for the tenant by threatening to [end] his employment ) .

And that if such openings ensue that there are supportive rituals which allow us to engage in them without offence and terminate them without insult .
and that if such openings ensue that there are supportive rituals which allow us to engage in them without offence and [end] them without insult .

True it is that in a simple case the investigation of a suspect 's criminality may well terminate at the moment of charging , but often this will not be so .
true it is that in a simple case the investigation of a suspect 's criminality may well [end] at the moment of charging , but often this will not be so .

If ‘ the investigation ’ has ceased for the purpose of enabling the Director to question the suspect , then they must equally have ceased so as to terminate all her other powers .
if ‘ the investigation ’ has ceased for the purpose of enabling the director to question the suspect , then they must equally have ceased so as to [end] all her other powers .

Terminate drive — five , four , three , two , one , mark !
[end] drive — five , four , three , two , one , mark !

The best policy is probably to offer increased fetal surveillance after 42 weeks ( or earlier if risk factors are present ) and to terminate the pregnancy if adverse features occur .
the best policy is probably to offer increased fetal surveillance after 42 weeks ( or earlier if risk factors are present ) and to [end] the pregnancy if adverse features occur .

Thus , provided that an employer gave the notice required by the contract , the employer was free to terminate an employee 's contract .
thus , provided that an employer gave the notice required by the contract , the employer was free to [end] an employee 's contract .

The employment protection legislation operates to restrict the grounds on which an employer can terminate the contract of employment with impunity .
the employment protection legislation operates to restrict the grounds on which an employer can [end] the contract of employment with impunity .

The functions of the Investigation Committee are to review cases which the Investigation Officer wishes to terminate as not substantiated but the complainant does not and cases where the Investigation Officer is referring the file to the Adjudication Committee .
the functions of the investigation committee are to review cases which the investigation officer wishes to [end] as not substantiated but the complainant does not and cases where the investigation officer is referring the file to the adjudication committee .

There are , of course , points where one speaker stops and another starts speaking , but every speaker-change does not necessarily terminate a particular coherent fragment of conversation .
there are , of course , points where one speaker stops and another starts speaking , but every speaker-change does not necessarily [end] a particular coherent fragment of conversation .

That is why we have to terminate the experiment .
that is why we have to [end] the experiment .

If Chemical attempted to terminate the deal , Branson threatened , then Virgin would sue for that $ 10m , plus damages .
if chemical attempted to [end] the deal , branson threatened , then virgin would sue for that $ 10m , plus damages .

Nothing in the prohibition set out above shall be taken to be a direction to Norwich Union to terminate the appointment of the Winchester Group or any other person as an appointed representative .
nothing in the prohibition set out above shall be taken to be a direction to norwich union to [end] the appointment of the winchester group or any other person as an appointed representative .

In this context an assignment may be considered `` terminated `` , because it can not affect or be affected by the other process , and is free to terminate at any time .
in this context an assignment may be considered `` terminated `` , because it can not affect or be affected by the other process , and is free to [end] at any time .

‘ Terminate treatment .
‘ [end] treatment .

the tenancy must not contain any provision allowing the landlord to terminate the tenancy within six months of the beginning of the tenancy
the tenancy must not contain any provision allowing the landlord to [end] the tenancy within six months of the beginning of the tenancy

The location and nature of the point at which the various controls terminate may vary with the size and complexity of the storage area .
the location and nature of the point at which the various controls [end] may vary with the size and complexity of the storage area .

As the administrative receiver is the agent of the company , his appointment does not terminate the company 's contracts .
as the administrative receiver is the agent of the company , his appointment does not [end] the company 's contracts .

The mask will then arrive and terminate activity in the letter-detector level — but it will not affect activity in the word-detector level .
the mask will then arrive and [end] activity in the letter-detector level — but it will not affect activity in the word-detector level .

The 1931 treaty is automatically prolonged from year to year and each party has the right to terminate it after six months ' notification .
the 1931 treaty is automatically prolonged from year to year and each party has the right to [end] it after six months ' notification .

Much criticism was directed at the original proposal to terminate the East Approach to Leith on Baileyfield Road , with no improvements for the King 's Road traffic light controlled junction at Portobello .
much criticism was directed at the original proposal to [end] the east approach to leith on baileyfield road , with no improvements for the king 's road traffic light controlled junction at portobello .

On this occasion the urn has two short sprays which terminate in single leaves , yet , stylistically , it remains similar to that of the Ashcroft House mosaic .
on this occasion the urn has two short sprays which [end] in single leaves , yet , stylistically , it remains similar to that of the ashcroft house mosaic .

Each point lying on an intersection will have a unique symbolic representation ( which is infinite to the left , but which may terminate on the right ) in terms of symbols 1 , 2 , 3 and 4 .
each point lying on an intersection will have a unique symbolic representation ( which is infinite to the left , but which may [end] on the right ) in terms of symbols 1 , 2 , 3 and 4 .

Periodic trajectories ( a countable infinity ) will have repeating sequences ; trajectories that terminate in the origin ( an uncountable infinity ) will have terminating sequences ; trajectories that are asymptotically periodic ( in either forwards or backwards time an uncountable infinity ) will have aperiodic sequences .
periodic trajectories ( a countable infinity ) will have repeating sequences ; trajectories that [end] in the origin ( an uncountable infinity ) will have terminating sequences ; trajectories that are asymptotically periodic ( in either forwards or backwards time an uncountable infinity ) will have aperiodic sequences .

It is accordingly advisable for the lease to contain a right to terminate the lease if reinstatement has not taken place within a reasonable period .
it is accordingly advisable for the lease to contain a right to [end] the lease if reinstatement has not taken place within a reasonable period .

The tenant may wish to dispense with 7.6.3 , 7.6.4 , 7.6.5 and 7.6.6 and add the following proviso to 7.6.2 : If for any reason the premises and all other relevant parts of the centre sufficient for the Tenant [ or any undertenant ] to carry on its [ or their ] normal trade and business including the means of access to the Premises and all essential services therein and thereto shall not be reinstated in accordance with the provisions of this clause as they were at the date of the relevant destruction or damage by the second anniversary of the date of the destruction or damage the Tenant may thereafter determine the Term by giving not less than one month 's notice to the Landlord and upon expiry of such notice the Term shall cease but without prejudice to the claim of either party for any earlier breach of covenant by the other This will doubtless be resisted by the landlord who will wish to have the unilateral right to terminate .
the tenant may wish to dispense with 7.6.3 , 7.6.4 , 7.6.5 and 7.6.6 and add the following proviso to 7.6.2 : if for any reason the premises and all other relevant parts of the centre sufficient for the tenant [ or any undertenant ] to carry on its [ or their ] normal trade and business including the means of access to the premises and all essential services therein and thereto shall not be reinstated in accordance with the provisions of this clause as they were at the date of the relevant destruction or damage by the second anniversary of the date of the destruction or damage the tenant may thereafter determine the term by giving not less than one month 's notice to the landlord and upon expiry of such notice the term shall cease but without prejudice to the claim of either party for any earlier breach of covenant by the other this will doubtless be resisted by the landlord who will wish to have the unilateral right to [end] .

If a formula similar to the above is chosen , the tenant must ensure that the rent ( or rents ) does not resume , pursuant to any limitation on the suspension of rent provision , before the tenant has the right to terminate .
if a formula similar to the above is chosen , the tenant must ensure that the rent ( or rents ) does not resume , pursuant to any limitation on the suspension of rent provision , before the tenant has the right to [end] .

9.17 Frustration of reinstatement Landlords sometimes include a proviso that the landlord should have the right to terminate the lease in the event of reinstatement being frustrated or delayed as a result of circumstances beyond the landlord 's control .
9.17 frustration of reinstatement landlords sometimes include a proviso that the landlord should have the right to [end] the lease in the event of reinstatement being frustrated or delayed as a result of circumstances beyond the landlord 's control .

This should ideally be dealt with under the insurance provisions , but should it appear in the provisos , the tenant should ensure that it is a bilateral right and that in any event the landlord shall not be permitted to terminate the lease until it has taken all reasonable measures to procure the rebuilding or reinstatement of the centre or the part so destroyed or damaged ( as appropriate ) .
this should ideally be dealt with under the insurance provisions , but should it appear in the provisos , the tenant should ensure that it is a bilateral right and that in any event the landlord shall not be permitted to [end] the lease until it has taken all reasonable measures to procure the rebuilding or reinstatement of the centre or the part so destroyed or damaged ( as appropriate ) .

Similarly , the buyer 's terms of purchase might contain a provision to deal with late delivery : ( a ) If the Seller fails to deliver the goods in accordance with the terms of this contract , the Buyer is entitled to terminate the contract with immediate effect .
similarly , the buyer 's terms of purchase might contain a provision to deal with late delivery : ( a ) if the seller fails to deliver the goods in accordance with the terms of this contract , the buyer is entitled to [end] the contract with immediate effect .

For instance , clauses restricting liability for late delivery , allowing for variation of the delivery date or tolerances in relation to the quantity to be delivered , clauses enabling the proferens to substitute alternative goods for those ordered , to withhold performance of its obligations or vary the terms of the contract , and force majeure clauses excusing non-performance , or extending the time for performance in the event of circumstances outside the proferens ' control , and possibly even clauses giving one party the right to withhold performance , or terminate the contract , in the event of breach by the other party , are all potentially subject to s3 .
for instance , clauses restricting liability for late delivery , allowing for variation of the delivery date or tolerances in relation to the quantity to be delivered , clauses enabling the proferens to substitute alternative goods for those ordered , to withhold performance of its obligations or vary the terms of the contract , and force majeure clauses excusing non-performance , or extending the time for performance in the event of circumstances outside the proferens ' control , and possibly even clauses giving one party the right to withhold performance , or [end] the contract , in the event of breach by the other party , are all potentially subject to s3 .

As noted above , stipulations in commercial contracts which fix time limits for action by the parties are normally interpreted as conditions , so that a failure to perform on time entitles the other party to terminate the contract .
as noted above , stipulations in commercial contracts which fix time limits for action by the parties are normally interpreted as conditions , so that a failure to perform on time entitles the other party to [end] the contract .

The problems which those words can create are illustrated by a provision such as : If the Buyer fails to pay any instalment promptly in accordance with the terms of this contract the Seller may terminate the contract , recover goods already delivered and retain all payments already made .
the problems which those words can create are illustrated by a provision such as : if the buyer fails to pay any instalment promptly in accordance with the terms of this contract the seller may [end] the contract , recover goods already delivered and retain all payments already made .

The drafter may be tempted to overcome this problem by using `` and/or `` , as follows : If the Buyer fails to pay any instalment promptly in accordance with the terms of this contract the Seller may terminate the contract and/or recover goods already delivered and/or retain all payments already made .
the drafter may be tempted to overcome this problem by using `` and/or `` , as follows : if the buyer fails to pay any instalment promptly in accordance with the terms of this contract the seller may [end] the contract and/or recover goods already delivered and/or retain all payments already made .

However , careful analysis shows that the meaning of this provision is still not clear : for instance , does `` terminate … and recover … or retain `` mean that the seller may either ( 1 ) terminate and recover or ( 2 ) retain , or does it mean that the seller may terminate and either ( 1 ) recover or ( 2 ) retain ?
however , careful analysis shows that the meaning of this provision is still not clear : for instance , does `` [end] … and recover … or retain `` mean that the seller may either ( 1 ) [end] and recover or ( 2 ) retain , or does it mean that the seller may [end] and either ( 1 ) recover or ( 2 ) retain ?

Thus , the above provision could be worded as : If the Buyer fails to pay any instalment promptly in accordance with the terms of this contract the Seller may exercise any of the following rights , either alone or in any combination : ( a ) terminate the contract ( b ) recover goods already delivered ( c ) retain all payments already made .
thus , the above provision could be worded as : if the buyer fails to pay any instalment promptly in accordance with the terms of this contract the seller may exercise any of the following rights , either alone or in any combination : ( a ) [end] the contract ( b ) recover goods already delivered ( c ) retain all payments already made .

In addition , a serious breach , or a breach of a term classified by the contract or by the general law as a condition , will allow the innocent party to terminate the contract .
in addition , a serious breach , or a breach of a term classified by the contract or by the general law as a condition , will allow the innocent party to [end] the contract .

Under a contract of sale , breach of condition by the seller allows the buyer to reject the goods ( if delivered ) and terminate the contract .
under a contract of sale , breach of condition by the seller allows the buyer to reject the goods ( if delivered ) and [end] the contract .

Similarly , breach of condition by the buyer allows the seller to treat the contract as repudiated and terminate it .
similarly , breach of condition by the buyer allows the seller to treat the contract as repudiated and [end] it .

With these factors in mind , it can be seen that , if drafting for the supplier , the drafter 's objectives are : 1 To ensure that the buyer accepts the goods/services supplied and does not reject goods or terminate the contract .
with these factors in mind , it can be seen that , if drafting for the supplier , the drafter 's objectives are : 1 to ensure that the buyer accepts the goods/services supplied and does not reject goods or [end] the contract .

Parties to commercial contracts tend not to terminate the contract even in cases of breach of condition , but will normally be happy to allow the other party to make good any breach .
parties to commercial contracts tend not to [end] the contract even in cases of breach of condition , but will normally be happy to allow the other party to make good any breach .

This may be done by a provision such as : If the Seller is in breach of this term the Buyer may reject the goods and terminate the contract [ making the term a condition ] or The Buyer will accept the goods even if they are delivered late and late delivery will not entitle the buyer to terminate the contract [ making the term a warranty ] or by using the words `` condition `` and `` warranty `` and then defining them in the contract : `` condition `` means a term of this contract any breach of which will entitle the party not in breach to ( i ) terminate the contract and ( ii ) claim damages for losses caused by breach of condition whether or not he terminates the contract . ``
this may be done by a provision such as : if the seller is in breach of this term the buyer may reject the goods and [end] the contract [ making the term a condition ] or the buyer will accept the goods even if they are delivered late and late delivery will not entitle the buyer to [end] the contract [ making the term a warranty ] or by using the words `` condition `` and `` warranty `` and then defining them in the contract : `` condition `` means a term of this contract any breach of which will entitle the party not in breach to ( i ) [end] the contract and ( ii ) claim damages for losses caused by breach of condition whether or not he terminates the contract . ``

warranty `` means a term of this contract breach of which will entitle the party not in breach to claim damages for losses caused by the breach , but not to terminate the contract .
warranty `` means a term of this contract breach of which will entitle the party not in breach to claim damages for losses caused by the breach , but not to [end] the contract .

On the other hand , where the contract redefines as a warranty a term which would otherwise be a condition , its effect is to exclude a remedy ( the right to reject goods and/or terminate the contract ) which would otherwise be available to the innocent party , and it will then be regarded as an exclusion clause .
on the other hand , where the contract redefines as a warranty a term which would otherwise be a condition , its effect is to exclude a remedy ( the right to reject goods and/or [end] the contract ) which would otherwise be available to the innocent party , and it will then be regarded as an exclusion clause .

However , the ambit of the Act is extended by s13 which provides that to the extent that the Act applies the exclusion or restriction of liability , it also applies to clauses which : ( a ) make " any liability or its enforcement subject to restrictive or onerous conditions " , such as time limit clauses requiring notification of claims , or commencement of proceedings , within a limited time ; ( b ) exclude or restrict " any right or remedy in respect of the liability " , such as clauses : ( i ) excluding the right of a buyer to reject goods , terminate a contract or exercise a right of set-off , or ( ii ) requiring a customer to accept repair or replacement from the supplier ; ( c ) subject " a person to any prejudice in consequence of his pursuing any right or remedy " ; ( d ) exclude or restrict any rules of evidence or procedure , such as clauses : ( i ) making certificates of quality conclusive evidence that goods correspond with the contract , ( ii ) making one party 's record of a transaction conclusive evidence of the facts recorded , ( iii ) requiring certain evidence in order to obtain particular remedies — eg " no refunds without receipt " .
however , the ambit of the act is extended by s13 which provides that to the extent that the act applies the exclusion or restriction of liability , it also applies to clauses which : ( a ) make " any liability or its enforcement subject to restrictive or onerous conditions " , such as time limit clauses requiring notification of claims , or commencement of proceedings , within a limited time ; ( b ) exclude or restrict " any right or remedy in respect of the liability " , such as clauses : ( i ) excluding the right of a buyer to reject goods , [end] a contract or exercise a right of set-off , or ( ii ) requiring a customer to accept repair or replacement from the supplier ; ( c ) subject " a person to any prejudice in consequence of his pursuing any right or remedy " ; ( d ) exclude or restrict any rules of evidence or procedure , such as clauses : ( i ) making certificates of quality conclusive evidence that goods correspond with the contract , ( ii ) making one party 's record of a transaction conclusive evidence of the facts recorded , ( iii ) requiring certain evidence in order to obtain particular remedies — eg " no refunds without receipt " .

He said that the agreement was on its face unduly restrictive having regard to : ( a ) its likely duration ; ( b ) the publishers ' right to assign copyright in songs which they had acquired in full under the agreement , so that it could not be argued that they would be unlikely to act oppressively and so damage their goodwill ; ( c ) the fact that the publishers were not bound to publish or promote the songwriter 's work if they chose not to do so , so that he might earn nothing , and his talents be sterilised , contrary to the public interest ; and ( d ) the absence of any provision entitling the songwriter to terminate the agreement .
he said that the agreement was on its face unduly restrictive having regard to : ( a ) its likely duration ; ( b ) the publishers ' right to assign copyright in songs which they had acquired in full under the agreement , so that it could not be argued that they would be unlikely to act oppressively and so damage their goodwill ; ( c ) the fact that the publishers were not bound to publish or promote the songwriter 's work if they chose not to do so , so that he might earn nothing , and his talents be sterilised , contrary to the public interest ; and ( d ) the absence of any provision entitling the songwriter to [end] the agreement .

In most cases the court would be expected to terminate the welfare officer 's involvement as the guardian has a duty to consider and report on all the options including the making of private law orders .
in most cases the court would be expected to [end] the welfare officer 's involvement as the guardian has a duty to consider and report on all the options including the making of private law orders .

Melanie was furious , and desperate enough to go to any lengths to terminate the pregnancy .
melanie was furious , and desperate enough to go to any lengths to [end] the pregnancy .

Fearing then that Rosemary might terminate their conversation at any moment , she said quickly .
fearing then that rosemary might [end] their conversation at any moment , she said quickly .

Volcanic lines are most abundant in the Pacific Ocean and comprise series of volcanic islands ( or seamounts in the case of submarine volcanoes ) which typically become progressively younger along a line and often terminate in an active volcano .
volcanic lines are most abundant in the pacific ocean and comprise series of volcanic islands ( or seamounts in the case of submarine volcanoes ) which typically become progressively younger along a line and often [end] in an active volcano .

For instance in the context of the law relating to sale of goods , a warranty is usually understood to be a representation relating to the subject matter of the contract , which is of secondary importance , and whose breach therefore entitles the injured party to damages but not to terminate the contract .
for instance in the context of the law relating to sale of goods , a warranty is usually understood to be a representation relating to the subject matter of the contract , which is of secondary importance , and whose breach therefore entitles the injured party to damages but not to [end] the contract .

It is not in his interest to terminate the contract prematurely , nor would he wish to give the buyer the opportunity to do so .
it is not in his interest to [end] the contract prematurely , nor would he wish to give the buyer the opportunity to do so .

However , the common law right to terminate depends upon showing a sufficiently serious breach of contract to justify termination in the eyes of the court .
however , the common law right to [end] depends upon showing a sufficiently serious breach of contract to justify termination in the eyes of the court .

The common law right to terminate does not extend this far .
the common law right to [end] does not extend this far .

If the seller can not supply , for any reason , even if it is outside his control , then the buyer must be entitled to terminate the agreement and look elsewhere .
if the seller can not supply , for any reason , even if it is outside his control , then the buyer must be entitled to [end] the agreement and look elsewhere .

7.2 If the Supplier shall become substantially unable , whether for reasons within or beyond its control , to fulfil its obligations to supply the Products to the Company in accordance with any purchase orders outstanding at any time and , ( after the Company has notified the Supplier in writing of such default ) the Supplier shall not have remedied the same within a period of 90 days from the receipt of such notice , then the Company shall be entitled to terminate this Agreement forthwith , and obtain supplies of the Products from third parties .
7.2 if the supplier shall become substantially unable , whether for reasons within or beyond its control , to fulfil its obligations to supply the products to the company in accordance with any purchase orders outstanding at any time and , ( after the company has notified the supplier in writing of such default ) the supplier shall not have remedied the same within a period of 90 days from the receipt of such notice , then the company shall be entitled to [end] this agreement forthwith , and obtain supplies of the products from third parties .

Once instructions have been accepted by the solicitor he is under a professional duty ( and , for that matter , a contractual duty ) to carry out those instructions with all due skill and diligence and not to terminate his retainer without due cause and upon reasonable notice .
once instructions have been accepted by the solicitor he is under a professional duty ( and , for that matter , a contractual duty ) to carry out those instructions with all due skill and diligence and not to [end] his retainer without due cause and upon reasonable notice .

Although the basic pattern of a twenty-five year lease remained largely intact , tenants were able to secure the right to terminate the lease before its expiry .
although the basic pattern of a twenty-five year lease remained largely intact , tenants were able to secure the right to [end] the lease before its expiry .

If the tenant accepts that the property may be redeveloped he will probably wish to be looking for alternative accommodation sooner rather than later , and he will wish to move in and terminate his liability under his existing lease as soon as he finds it .
if the tenant accepts that the property may be redeveloped he will probably wish to be looking for alternative accommodation sooner rather than later , and he will wish to move in and [end] his liability under his existing lease as soon as he finds it .

Some findings may prompt the investors to terminate negotiations and so should be reported as soon as discovered .
some findings may prompt the investors to [end] negotiations and so should be reported as soon as discovered .

Where Newco acquires Target , this does not of itself terminate any contract of employment between Target and its employees , but it is with a view to rationalising the business after it has been bought out that Target may decide to terminate certain contracts of employment ; Newco may also be seeking to vary the terms of employment of certain directors and employees .
where newco acquires target , this does not of itself [end] any contract of employment between target and its employees , but it is with a view to rationalising the business after it has been bought out that target may decide to [end] certain contracts of employment ; newco may also be seeking to vary the terms of employment of certain directors and employees .

This agency arrangement will terminate after a defined period of time , at which point Newco will be required to buy the uncollected trade debts for the amount of the interest-free loan which remains outstanding .
this agency arrangement will [end] after a defined period of time , at which point newco will be required to buy the uncollected trade debts for the amount of the interest-free loan which remains outstanding .

These would entitle the customers or suppliers to terminate their contracts with the company if some or all of the shares in the company are sold and may therefore deprive the purchaser of the company 's main assets .
these would entitle the customers or suppliers to [end] their contracts with the company if some or all of the shares in the company are sold and may therefore deprive the purchaser of the company 's main assets .

Change of control clauses ( commonly found in software licences ) entitle one party to a contract to terminate the contract if there is a change in ownership of the other contracting party or sometimes a change in ownership of the holding company of that contracting party .
change of control clauses ( commonly found in software licences ) entitle one party to a contract to [end] the contract if there is a change in ownership of the other contracting party or sometimes a change in ownership of the holding company of that contracting party .

Does Article 37 mean that they could not make a claim to terminate the right on this ground ?
does article 37 mean that they could not make a claim to [end] the right on this ground ?

Another problem is whether the parties have thereby lost their right to terminate the entire treaty on either of these grounds because of the acceptance of a right or obligation by a third party .
another problem is whether the parties have thereby lost their right to [end] the entire treaty on either of these grounds because of the acceptance of a right or obligation by a third party .

Under the Vienna Convention the right to terminate or suspend the treaty for material breach by another party is limited to the parties .
under the vienna convention the right to [end] or suspend the treaty for material breach by another party is limited to the parties .

If it subsequently acted contrary to the agreement the parties could not terminate the agreement for material breach and deprive it of statehood , or even modify its rights .
if it subsequently acted contrary to the agreement the parties could not [end] the agreement for material breach and deprive it of statehood , or even modify its rights .

The corollary is that the organisation has no existence except through the will of its members ; member States can amend the treaty creating an organisation and even terminate its existence .
the corollary is that the organisation has no existence except through the will of its members ; member states can amend the treaty creating an organisation and even [end] its existence .

The members of an organisation acting qua members can unanimously amend or even terminate an international organisation , either in accordance with an amendment clause or through the formal or informal conclusion of a subsequent international agreement .
the members of an organisation acting qua members can unanimously amend or even [end] an international organisation , either in accordance with an amendment clause or through the formal or informal conclusion of a subsequent international agreement .

Under general treaty law and the law on State responsibility , States can amend or terminate treaties which provide rights for individuals .
under general treaty law and the law on state responsibility , states can amend or [end] treaties which provide rights for individuals .

The two governments agreed to terminate all litigation before the municipal courts between the nationals of either country and the government of the other .
the two governments agreed to [end] all litigation before the municipal courts between the nationals of either country and the government of the other .

10 . How much notice is required on either side to terminate the tenancy agreement ?
10 . how much notice is required on either side to [end] the tenancy agreement ?

This evidence can then be used to modify the contract or allow it to terminate and not to offer renewal .
this evidence can then be used to modify the contract or allow it to [end] and not to offer renewal .

When they were eventually brought to trial , the most revealing thing that came out was that thousands of women were seeking , by a variety of means , to terminate their pregnancies .
when they were eventually brought to trial , the most revealing thing that came out was that thousands of women were seeking , by a variety of means , to [end] their pregnancies .

The turnbacks are white , edged with lace which is brought round to the front lower edge to terminate at the outer extremities of the lower front loops .
the turnbacks are white , edged with lace which is brought round to the front lower edge to [end] at the outer extremities of the lower front loops .

President Nixon , however , used the weapon of impoundment without restraint , embarking ‘ on large scale impoundments in programs that he wanted to terminate or curtail .
president nixon , however , used the weapon of impoundment without restraint , embarking ‘ on large scale impoundments in programs that he wanted to [end] or curtail .

As the most expensive section of the labour force , middle-aged workers have faced very severe pressures to terminate their employment .
as the most expensive section of the labour force , middle-aged workers have faced very severe pressures to [end] their employment .

Clients did n't like being told they had been manipulated , and in the circumstances would be likely to terminate relations with that dealer .
clients did n't like being told they had been manipulated , and in the circumstances would be likely to [end] relations with that dealer .

Of course , money tied up in options furnished just one of numerous excuses the client used to terminate relations with his licensed dealer .
of course , money tied up in options furnished just one of numerous excuses the client used to [end] relations with his licensed dealer .

We may terminate the loop either by means of an " increment ( decrement ) count and jump on zero " instruction , or when the contents of the index register reach a certain value ( in which case we need an instruction to compare an index register with a store location ) .
we may [end] the loop either by means of an " increment ( decrement ) count and jump on zero " instruction , or when the contents of the index register reach a certain value ( in which case we need an instruction to compare an index register with a store location ) .

( d ) If a person is voluntarily helping the police , that person is entitled to terminate the interview and leave at any time .
( d ) if a person is voluntarily helping the police , that person is entitled to [end] the interview and leave at any time .

You will not be entitled to redundancy compensation under Section 10 of the Scheme in the event that your appointment were to terminate at the expiry of the fixed term without being renewed or extended .
you will not be entitled to redundancy compensation under section 10 of the scheme in the event that your appointment were to [end] at the expiry of the fixed term without being renewed or extended .

At stairwells or where glazing or a doorway extends to ceiling height , it may be necessary to terminate the cove at either side .
at stairwells or where glazing or a doorway extends to ceiling height , it may be necessary to [end] the cove at either side .

Amid demands that it replace all ethnic Albanian deputies , of whatever political leaning , the Serbian Assembly voted on July 5 to dissolve the Kosovo Assembly permanently and thereby dismiss the government , and to terminate the contracts of all Kosovo parliamentary officials , transferring the Kosovo body 's responsibilities permanently to the Serbian parliament .
amid demands that it replace all ethnic albanian deputies , of whatever political leaning , the serbian assembly voted on july 5 to dissolve the kosovo assembly permanently and thereby dismiss the government , and to [end] the contracts of all kosovo parliamentary officials , transferring the kosovo body 's responsibilities permanently to the serbian parliament .

Provision will be made for the conduct of the business of the offeree during the period , if any , between signing and completion and for the right for the acquirer to terminate the contract if any major changes occur or breaches of warranty are discovered during such period .
provision will be made for the conduct of the business of the offeree during the period , if any , between signing and completion and for the right for the acquirer to [end] the contract if any major changes occur or breaches of warranty are discovered during such period .

amend , modify or terminate , without explanation , the timetable and procedures set out below ;
amend , modify or [end] , without explanation , the timetable and procedures set out below ;

Background Adoption has become a popular solution to the longterm needs of certain children in care , including older children , and Social Services Departments have become more inclined to intervene and terminate access to birth parents .
background adoption has become a popular solution to the longterm needs of certain children in care , including older children , and social services departments have become more inclined to intervene and [end] access to birth parents .

The Leagues are currently sponsored by the Royal Liver Assurance and their involvement will terminate in May .
the leagues are currently sponsored by the royal liver assurance and their involvement will [end] in may .

These fast update mechanisms may be referred to as the hold and terminate facilities and they have an important role in eliminating the drudgery of recruitment administration .
these fast update mechanisms may be referred to as the hold and [end] facilities and they have an important role in eliminating the drudgery of recruitment administration .

The only interesting point to emerge was that the Roman ditch continued an almost certainly unbroken course northwards past the medieval gate and its street to terminate 5.5 m ( 18 ft ) beyond them , while both the early rampart and the Roman wall continued for an unknown distance beyond this end of the ditch .
the only interesting point to emerge was that the roman ditch continued an almost certainly unbroken course northwards past the medieval gate and its street to [end] 5.5 m ( 18 ft ) beyond them , while both the early rampart and the roman wall continued for an unknown distance beyond this end of the ditch .

The exception is of course that delivery to a carrier without the reservation of a right of disposal will terminate the seller 's lien whereas it marks the commencement of the ‘ course of transit .
the exception is of course that delivery to a carrier without the reservation of a right of disposal will [end] the seller 's lien whereas it marks the commencement of the ‘ course of transit .

There was no clause in the agreement giving the customer the right to terminate it , although there were provisions entitling the dealer to do so ( and to repossess the goods ) if the customer defaulted .
there was no clause in the agreement giving the customer the right to [end] it , although there were provisions entitling the dealer to do so ( and to repossess the goods ) if the customer defaulted .

The decision to terminate a project can only be made rationally if the consequences of doing so can be compared with the consequences of carrying on .
the decision to [end] a project can only be made rationally if the consequences of doing so can be compared with the consequences of carrying on .

The routine will terminate when there are no more branches .
the routine will [end] when there are no more branches .

This does not terminate unless there is either a program crash or a user abort .
this does not [end] unless there is either a program crash or a user abort .

Used to input a value to select an option , specify a parameter , terminate a pause etc .
used to input a value to select an option , specify a parameter , [end] a pause etc .

With other constants which define array sizes , such as maxExp , minExp and the various constants related to the number of rows and columns in the picture it is possible that an increase will lead to a memory overflow or long waits for some actions to terminate .
with other constants which define array sizes , such as maxexp , minexp and the various constants related to the number of rows and columns in the picture it is possible that an increase will lead to a memory overflow or long waits for some actions to [end] .

One plant closing or relocation is enough to terminate the employment future of an entire city .
one plant closing or relocation is enough to [end] the employment future of an entire city .

The likelihood must be that half the trains will terminate at Stratford .
the likelihood must be that half the trains will [end] at stratford .

We are pleased with the services from west Yorkshire and south Yorkshire which terminate at King 's Cross .
we are pleased with the services from west yorkshire and south yorkshire which [end] at king 's cross .

Asset specificity has implications for organization because of the reluctance of parties to terminate transactions to which they have committed specific assets .
asset specificity has implications for organization because of the reluctance of parties to [end] transactions to which they have committed specific assets .

The costs of using a market to organize transactions will be lowest when the threat to terminate a contract is an effective control mechanism .
the costs of using a market to organize transactions will be lowest when the threat to [end] a contract is an effective control mechanism .

It should pass through a grommet in the cover and terminate about 50mm above the water level .
it should pass through a grommet in the cover and [end] about 50mm above the water level .

140 out of 170 employees eventually accepted and , after being interviewed , 30 were given 12 weeks ' notice to terminate their contracts .
140 out of 170 employees eventually accepted and , after being interviewed , 30 were given 12 weeks ' notice to [end] their contracts .

It was also stressed that they were free to terminate the experiment at any time .
it was also stressed that they were free to [end] the experiment at any time .

It was significant that Tsongas decided to suspend rather than terminate his campaign , as it underlined the doubts which remained concerning Clinton .
it was significant that tsongas decided to suspend rather than [end] his campaign , as it underlined the doubts which remained concerning clinton .

The proposed legislation , which had 131 co-sponsors in the House and 31 in the Senate , prohibited individual states from restricting the right of a woman to terminate her pregnancy before the foetus was viable or `` at any time , if such termination is necessary to protect the life or health of the woman `` .
the proposed legislation , which had 131 co-sponsors in the house and 31 in the senate , prohibited individual states from restricting the right of a woman to [end] her pregnancy before the foetus was viable or `` at any time , if such termination is necessary to protect the life or health of the woman `` .

The directive also covered assisting patients to take their own life , and medical intervention to terminate the life of someone unable or no longer able to express his or her wishes .
the directive also covered assisting patients to take their own life , and medical intervention to [end] the life of someone unable or no longer able to express his or her wishes .

The landlord could also terminate the arrangements at short notice .
the landlord could also [end] the arrangements at short notice .

The landowner could terminate the tenancy at his pleasure , but , given the nature of farming , at pleasure would normally mean giving notice on certain days of the year , and allowing the tenant six months , principally in order to gather such crops as he may have planted .
the landowner could [end] the tenancy at his pleasure , but , given the nature of farming , at pleasure would normally mean giving notice on certain days of the year , and allowing the tenant six months , principally in order to gather such crops as he may have planted .

At one level this meant that the exiguous legal structure of this relationship afforded much social power to the landowner , whose ability to terminate the tenancy at pleasure might hang like a sword of Damocles over the heads of his tenant farmers .
at one level this meant that the exiguous legal structure of this relationship afforded much social power to the landowner , whose ability to [end] the tenancy at pleasure might hang like a sword of damocles over the heads of his tenant farmers .

The court will probably wish to terminate the defendant 's liability at a particular point .
the court will probably wish to [end] the defendant 's liability at a particular point .

( 1 ) Any Director may at any time appoint another Director or any other person being a solicitor or registered foreign lawyer who is a member or officer of or is working in the practice of the Company approved by the Directors to be his alternate Director and may at any time terminate such appointment .
( 1 ) any director may at any time appoint another director or any other person being a solicitor or registered foreign lawyer who is a member or officer of or is working in the practice of the company approved by the directors to be his alternate director and may at any time [end] such appointment .

( 2 ) The appointment of any alternate Director shall terminate if and when the Director by whom he has been appointed vacates his office as Director and upon the happening of any even which , if he were a Director , would cause him to vacate such office .
( 2 ) the appointment of any alternate director shall [end] if and when the director by whom he has been appointed vacates his office as director and upon the happening of any even which , if he were a director , would cause him to vacate such office .

( 1 ) Any Director may at any time appoint another Director or any other person being a solicitor or registered foreign lawyer who is a member or officer of or is working in the practice of the Company approved by the Directors to be his alternate Director and may at any time terminate such appointment .
( 1 ) any director may at any time appoint another director or any other person being a solicitor or registered foreign lawyer who is a member or officer of or is working in the practice of the company approved by the directors to be his alternate director and may at any time [end] such appointment .

( 2 ) The appointment of any alternate Director shall terminate if and when the Director by whom he has been appointed vacates his office as Director and upon the happening of any even which , if he were a Director , would cause him to vacate such office .
( 2 ) the appointment of any alternate director shall [end] if and when the director by whom he has been appointed vacates his office as director and upon the happening of any even which , if he were a director , would cause him to vacate such office .

Much of the Danakil country was still unexplored , including the remote Aussa Sultanate where the Awash river was reputed to terminate .
much of the danakil country was still unexplored , including the remote aussa sultanate where the awash river was reputed to [end] .

The decision to terminate a project can only be made rationally if the consequences of doing so can be compared with the consequences of carrying on .
the decision to [end] a project can only be made rationally if the consequences of doing so can be compared with the consequences of carrying on .

Sweden : ( where nuclear power provides 46 per cent of the electricity ) : parliament decides to begin phasing out nuclear power in 1995–6 ( but parliament 's restrictions on new hydro-electric power stations and the imposition of a ceiling on carbon dioxide emissions have led to a retreat from the goal of becoming , in 2010 , the first country to terminate nuclear power generation ) .
sweden : ( where nuclear power provides 46 per cent of the electricity ) : parliament decides to begin phasing out nuclear power in 1995–6 ( but parliament 's restrictions on new hydro-electric power stations and the imposition of a ceiling on carbon dioxide emissions have led to a retreat from the goal of becoming , in 2010 , the first country to [end] nuclear power generation ) .

We reserve the right in our absolute discretion to terminate without further notice the holiday arrangements of any customer whose behaviour is such that it is likely , in our opinion , or in the opinion of an airline pilot , accommodation owner or manager , or other person in authority to cause distress , damage , danger or annoyance to other customers , employees , any third party or to property .
we reserve the right in our absolute discretion to [end] without further notice the holiday arrangements of any customer whose behaviour is such that it is likely , in our opinion , or in the opinion of an airline pilot , accommodation owner or manager , or other person in authority to cause distress , damage , danger or annoyance to other customers , employees , any third party or to property .

But they may be otherwise arranged as for instance the two ways whether end to end in line , at an angle to one another or otherwise may be oppositely inclined from opposite sides of the head bay and terminate at foot each in its own tail bay connected with the lower pond .
but they may be otherwise arranged as for instance the two ways whether end to end in line , at an angle to one another or otherwise may be oppositely inclined from opposite sides of the head bay and [end] at foot each in its own tail bay connected with the lower pond .

You may terminate your right to use your Card by giving written notice to us and returning your Card .
you may [end] your right to use your card by giving written notice to us and returning your card .

We may at our discretion and without prior notice terminate or suspend your right to use your Card .
we may at our discretion and without prior notice [end] or suspend your right to use your card .

The architect , Roy Toms , of the Waverly District Council , was worried about what could have been an unsympathetic alteration to a venerable building , but a visit to St Martin 's , Dorking , another Woodyer church , confirmed that its architect had adopted raking parapets to terminate the aisle roofs there , and the discovery of this period precedent vindicated the use of this treatment at St James Court .
the architect , roy toms , of the waverly district council , was worried about what could have been an unsympathetic alteration to a venerable building , but a visit to st martin 's , dorking , another woodyer church , confirmed that its architect had adopted raking parapets to [end] the aisle roofs there , and the discovery of this period precedent vindicated the use of this treatment at st james court .

As it was impractical to remove this essential structural element , the new first-floor construction had to terminate on this line , so the added floor was restricted to the east side of the central truss .
as it was impractical to remove this essential structural element , the new first-floor construction had to [end] on this line , so the added floor was restricted to the east side of the central truss .

Indeed , it was even found possible to reuse the characteristic roof-top ventilator of the school-room as the vented enclosure in which to terminate internally located pipes that provide fresh air to the new bedrooms .
indeed , it was even found possible to reuse the characteristic roof-top ventilator of the school-room as the vented enclosure in which to [end] internally located pipes that provide fresh air to the new bedrooms .

Although it was beneficial both to optimal planning and the creation of much-needed accommodation to maximise the number of rooms that could be sited internally , the aggregation of these spaces was still inadequate to ‘ fill up ’ the middle of the broad interior , and in the flour-mill section of the building the residual central space was devoted to a full-height internal courtyard or ‘ atrium ’ which rises through seven storeys to terminate in a glass-roofed conservatory .
although it was beneficial both to optimal planning and the creation of much-needed accommodation to maximise the number of rooms that could be sited internally , the aggregation of these spaces was still inadequate to ‘ fill up ’ the middle of the broad interior , and in the flour-mill section of the building the residual central space was devoted to a full-height internal courtyard or ‘ atrium ’ which rises through seven storeys to [end] in a glass-roofed conservatory .

Even here , however , the shortage of filmmaking competence was felt , causing the American company to terminate the project in 1924 with a complaint that ‘ the productions failed to reach a quality comparable to those made in the States .
even here , however , the shortage of filmmaking competence was felt , causing the american company to [end] the project in 1924 with a complaint that ‘ the productions failed to reach a quality comparable to those made in the states .

Pertwee had already employed it the previous morning effectively to terminate interrogation .
pertwee had already employed it the previous morning effectively to [end] interrogation .

The length of the covenant will have been specified in the Deed , and it will terminate when the last specified annual payment has been made .
the length of the covenant will have been specified in the deed , and it will [end] when the last specified annual payment has been made .

The Commission kept under review the human rights situation in Afghanistan , Romania , El Salvador and Iran but sent a clear signal that it may terminate special scrutiny of the latter two countries at its next session .
the commission kept under review the human rights situation in afghanistan , romania , el salvador and iran but sent a clear signal that it may [end] special scrutiny of the latter two countries at its next session .

The gourd-breasts and the leather-thonged sorcerer 's switch can be seen as referring to indigenous culture , as can the snakes ' heads with which the yokes of her skirt appear to terminate .
the gourd-breasts and the leather-thonged sorcerer 's switch can be seen as referring to indigenous culture , as can the snakes ' heads with which the yokes of her skirt appear to [end] .

This type of clause may demand that if the manager has n't secured a recording contract to the artist 's satisfaction within a period of twelve months from the start of the agreement , the artist should have the right to terminate the agreement .
this type of clause may demand that if the manager has n't secured a recording contract to the artist 's satisfaction within a period of twelve months from the start of the agreement , the artist should have the right to [end] the agreement .

Ideally , the artist could terminate the agreement at any time .
ideally , the artist could [end] the agreement at any time .

Both parties in a management agreement should have the right to terminate the agreement if certain things go wrong .
both parties in a management agreement should have the right to [end] the agreement if certain things go wrong .

Like any legal agreement , if there is a material breach by either party there should be a right for the injured party to terminate the contract .
like any legal agreement , if there is a material breach by either party there should be a right for the injured party to [end] the contract .

Contracts should be structured so that if the company does n't release any recordings during a certain contract year , the artist has the option to terminate the agreement and look elsewhere for a record deal .
contracts should be structured so that if the company does n't release any recordings during a certain contract year , the artist has the option to [end] the agreement and look elsewhere for a record deal .

Also , if the publisher enters into liquidation , the writer must have the right to terminate the agreement and get back all rights to his or her songs .
also , if the publisher enters into liquidation , the writer must have the right to [end] the agreement and get back all rights to his or her songs .

In 1966 he instigated a military attack led by Idi Amin on the kabaka 's palace and made the arrangements to terminate the other three traditional kingships of Uganda .
in 1966 he instigated a military attack led by idi amin on the kabaka 's palace and made the arrangements to [end] the other three traditional kingships of uganda .

They terminate the festivals
they [end] the festivals

During 1942 , Hitler decided to terminate diplomatic connections with the Vatican City ; whilst in Russia , his troops suffered a considerable setback by the staunch Russian stand at Stalingrad .
during 1942 , hitler decided to [end] diplomatic connections with the vatican city ; whilst in russia , his troops suffered a considerable setback by the staunch russian stand at stalingrad .

This assumes that all the women who are found to be carrying a child with Down 's syndrome will want to terminate their pregnancies . Will children with Down 's syndrome become an endangered species ? Should doctors always be so keen to offer abortion as the only solution to women who are in the first throes of disappointment and depression at the news that their baby is not genetically perfect ?
this assumes that all the women who are found to be carrying a child with down 's syndrome will want to [end] their pregnancies . will children with down 's syndrome become an endangered species ? should doctors always be so keen to offer abortion as the only solution to women who are in the first throes of disappointment and depression at the news that their baby is not genetically perfect ?

Thus , while marrying the father was the most likely outcome of an extra-marital conception in 1970 ; by 1988 , single women were more likely to terminate the pregnancy or give birth to the child without marrying the father ( Figure 2 ) .
thus , while marrying the father was the most likely outcome of an extra-marital conception in 1970 ; by 1988 , single women were more likely to [end] the pregnancy or give birth to the child without marrying the father ( figure 2 ) .

For the first time , a public debate began over whether doctors , in consultation with parents , had the right to terminate life because they believed that the life concerned was not worth the living .
for the first time , a public debate began over whether doctors , in consultation with parents , had the right to [end] life because they believed that the life concerned was not worth the living .

‘ No longer do we as a profession support the termination of one individual to ease the discomfort and social inconvenience of the other . Whom shall we terminate next ? The elderly , the young chronic sick , the unproductive in monetary terms ? ’ Dr Dermot Lynch
‘ no longer do we as a profession support the termination of one individual to ease the discomfort and social inconvenience of the other . whom shall we [end] next ? the elderly , the young chronic sick , the unproductive in monetary terms ? ’ dr dermot lynch

She began to wonder if the relationship was not , very very slowly , dying a natural death , and whether it would not be sensible to terminate it quickly .
she began to wonder if the relationship was not , very very slowly , dying a natural death , and whether it would not be sensible to [end] it quickly .

The connections are sealed joints and only the Electricity Board may make these joints and provide the two service wires to each house , where they terminate in a sealed , fused container .
the connections are sealed joints and only the electricity board may make these joints and provide the two service wires to each house , where they [end] in a sealed , fused container .

… it is not difficult to imagine a case where it would be essential for employers embarking for example on a new technical process to invite existing employees to agree to some reasonable restriction on their use of the knowledge they acquire of the new technique ; and where it would be essential for the employer to terminate , by due notice , the services of an employee who was unwilling to accept such a restriction .
… it is not difficult to imagine a case where it would be essential for employers embarking for example on a new technical process to invite existing employees to agree to some reasonable restriction on their use of the knowledge they acquire of the new technique ; and where it would be essential for the employer to [end] , by due notice , the services of an employee who was unwilling to accept such a restriction .

You should , of course , still be treated fairly and this may entail your employer looking round his organisation , perhaps even the whole corporate group of which he is part , to see if you can be fitted in elsewhere at an appropriate level , before finally deciding to terminate your employment .
you should , of course , still be treated fairly and this may entail your employer looking round his organisation , perhaps even the whole corporate group of which he is part , to see if you can be fitted in elsewhere at an appropriate level , before finally deciding to [end] your employment .

Nor is it necessarily fatal if you give notice to terminate your contract and work that notice out , rather than walking out on the spot .
nor is it necessarily fatal if you give notice to [end] your contract and work that notice out , rather than walking out on the spot .

Ms Donovan worked for a local authority and , during the course of disciplinary proceedings , was told that she would be permitted to terminate her employment on the last day of the year if she so wished .
ms donovan worked for a local authority and , during the course of disciplinary proceedings , was told that she would be permitted to [end] her employment on the last day of the year if she so wished .

Thus , a clause in your contract to the effect that your employment will ‘ automatically terminate ’ , if , for example , you fail to return to work on the due date after a period of leave , is likely to be regarded as an invalid attempt to ‘ contract out ’ of modern job security laws .
thus , a clause in your contract to the effect that your employment will ‘ automatically [end] ’ , if , for example , you fail to return to work on the due date after a period of leave , is likely to be regarded as an invalid attempt to ‘ contract out ’ of modern job security laws .

The coachbuilding trade employees were paid by the hour and only one hour 's notice was needed to either terminate employment or vary the hours to be worked .
the coachbuilding trade employees were paid by the hour and only one hour 's notice was needed to either [end] employment or vary the hours to be worked .

Anaphor resolution in the last four phases of processing was controlled by an arbitrator which compared the predictions made and decided what candidates were no longer plausible and when processing should terminate .
anaphor resolution in the last four phases of processing was controlled by an arbitrator which compared the predictions made and decided what candidates were no longer plausible and when processing should [end] .

He could terminate his affairs in two ways .
he could [end] his affairs in two ways .

to terminate his own life if he found his state unbearable .
to [end] his own life if he found his state unbearable .

Although tension may be built up , fictitious treatment usually involves the releasing of that tension ( by the ‘ happy ending ’ , for example ) or the reader can terminate the situation by lifting his or her eyes from the page .
although tension may be built up , fictitious treatment usually involves the releasing of that tension ( by the ‘ happy ending ’ , for example ) or the reader can [end] the situation by lifting his or her eyes from the page .

The train will normally terminate here .
the train will normally [end] here .

Thus evaluation can be used for decisions about whether to continue or terminate a given course , about the modification necessary for an existing programme , about the use of various teaching methods to achieve a pre-specified goal , or about the adoption of an innovation .
thus evaluation can be used for decisions about whether to continue or [end] a given course , about the modification necessary for an existing programme , about the use of various teaching methods to achieve a pre-specified goal , or about the adoption of an innovation .

To stop a child from acting in an unacceptable manner , you should arrange for him or her to terminate a mildly unpleasant situation immediately by changing the behaviour in the desired direction .
to stop a child from acting in an unacceptable manner , you should arrange for him or her to [end] a mildly unpleasant situation immediately by changing the behaviour in the desired direction .

In any case it is always easier to initiate , rather than terminate , policy .
in any case it is always easier to initiate , rather than [end] , policy .

The more resentful and unforgiving Willie Morgan , was taken to court and then had to terminate a lucrative six year contract after only nine months .
the more resentful and unforgiving willie morgan , was taken to court and then had to [end] a lucrative six year contract after only nine months .

To spend more than four hours covering every paved and unpaved road , most of which terminate in unannounced dead ends , would be a difficult task .
to spend more than four hours covering every paved and unpaved road , most of which [end] in unannounced dead ends , would be a difficult task .

Its costs included $ 15,600 in broker commissions and a $ 9,234 prepayment penalty to terminate the New Century loan .
its costs included $ 15,600 in broker commissions and a $ 9,234 prepayment penalty to [end] the new century loan .

In some cases , members were formally asked to terminate their participation , a member 's access was terminated , or a member 's organization was asked to replace its representative .
in some cases , members were formally asked to [end] their participation , a member 's access was terminated , or a member 's organization was asked to replace its representative .

Page 90 GAO/IMTEC-8.1.4 Assessing Acquisition Risks A person with the authority to enter into , administer , Contracting and/or terminate contracts and make relatedOfficer ( CO ) determinations and findings .
page 90 gao/imtec-8.1.4 assessing acquisition risks a person with the authority to enter into , administer , contracting and/or [end] contracts and make relatedofficer ( co ) determinations and findings .

If a program falls out of tolerance , FASA requires the agency head to review , take necessary actions , and , if necessary , terminate the program .
if a program falls out of tolerance , fasa requires the agency head to review , take necessary actions , and , if necessary , [end] the program .

Either they would be required to terminate representation each time the client leaves the country , April Testimony at 12 ( testimony of Cynthia Rice , California Rural Legal Assistance ) , or clients at the outset of representation would be faced with having to choose between giving up their right to travel outside the country , even for a family emergency , or giving up their right to legal services representation .
either they would be required to [end] representation each time the client leaves the country , april testimony at 12 ( testimony of cynthia rice , california rural legal assistance ) , or clients at the outset of representation would be faced with having to choose between giving up their right to travel outside the country , even for a family emergency , or giving up their right to legal services representation .

Requiring LSC attorneys to terminate representation whenever a client left the country would impose substantial administrative burdens on attorneys .
requiring lsc attorneys to [end] representation whenever a client left the country would impose substantial administrative burdens on attorneys .

Professional Obligations After examining rules of professional responsibility in their states , attorneys in North Carolina , Pennsylvania , Washington , Oregon , and New Mexico have concluded that the rules would prohibit them from commencing representation of an alien client if they would be required to terminate representation upon the alien 's temporary departure from the United States .
professional obligations after examining rules of professional responsibility in their states , attorneys in north carolina , pennsylvania , washington , oregon , and new mexico have concluded that the rules would prohibit them from commencing representation of an alien client if they would be required to [end] representation upon the alien 's temporary departure from the united states .

Auctions , Reserve Section 417 is existing Section 416 , modified to remove direct sales of allowances ( which have already been terminated by rule ) and to terminate the private sales of allowances through the annual sulfur dioxide allowance auction .
auctions , reserve section 417 is existing section 416 , modified to remove direct sales of allowances ( which have already been terminated by rule ) and to [end] the private sales of allowances through the annual sulfur dioxide allowance auction .

Nothing in this title or in any other provision of law shall be construed to limit the authority of the United States to terminate or limit such authorization .
nothing in this title or in any other provision of law shall be construed to limit the authority of the united states to [end] or limit such authorization .

Except as provided in sections 416 , the removal of an existing affected unit or source from commercial operation at any time after November 15 , 1990 ( whether before or after January 1 , 1995 , or January 1 , 2000 ) shall not terminate or otherwise affect the allocation of allowances pursuant to section 413 or 414 to which the unit is entitled .
except as provided in sections 416 , the removal of an existing affected unit or source from commercial operation at any time after november 15 , 1990 ( whether before or after january 1 , 1995 , or january 1 , 2000 ) shall not [end] or otherwise affect the allocation of allowances pursuant to section 413 or 414 to which the unit is entitled .

At the end of the movie , in a flicker of sanity and heroism , Octavius dramatically sacrifices his life as the only way to terminate the evil machine and save the world .
at the end of the movie , in a flicker of sanity and heroism , octavius dramatically sacrifices his life as the only way to [end] the evil machine and save the world .

Other interesting stories from the NYT 's Iraq package report that 1 ) President Clinton 's decision to terminate the Iraq strike came just 15 minutes before the missiles were to launch ; and 2 ) The French are miffed at Sen. John McCain for insinuating that France tipped Saddam Hussein off to the imminent attack .
other interesting stories from the nyt 's iraq package report that 1 ) president clinton 's decision to [end] the iraq strike came just 15 minutes before the missiles were to launch ; and 2 ) the french are miffed at sen. john mccain for insinuating that france tipped saddam hussein off to the imminent attack .

Saying in an editorial Monday that `` Saddam means terror , confrontation and war , '' that `` [ h ] e is bent on building Iraq into a dominant regional power with the assistance of weapons of mass destruction , '' and that the authority of the United Nations would be `` in tatters if he is allowed to terminate Unscom operations . ''
saying in an editorial monday that `` saddam means terror , confrontation and war , '' that `` [ h ] e is bent on building iraq into a dominant regional power with the assistance of weapons of mass destruction , '' and that the authority of the united nations would be `` in tatters if he is allowed to [end] unscom operations . ''

It is Widdicombe who eventually runs the abortion underground in pre- Roe Missouri , telling women where they can find somebody relatively clean and relatively safe to terminate their pregnancies and sometimes smuggling them into her own spare bedroom afterward to suffer the aftereffects of the operations in clenched-teeth pain .
it is widdicombe who eventually runs the abortion underground in pre- roe missouri , telling women where they can find somebody relatively clean and relatively safe to [end] their pregnancies and sometimes smuggling them into her own spare bedroom afterward to suffer the aftereffects of the operations in clenched-teeth pain .

Pro-lifers , seeking to reassert the priority of morality over medicine , always describe physicians who terminate pregnancies as `` abortionists , '' not `` doctors . ''
pro-lifers , seeking to reassert the priority of morality over medicine , always describe physicians who [end] pregnancies as `` abortionists , '' not `` doctors . ''

That was exactly the reasoning endorsed by the Supreme Court in 1988 , when it upheld the right of Sharp Electronics to terminate the dealership of a chronic discounter .
that was exactly the reasoning endorsed by the supreme court in 1988 , when it upheld the right of sharp electronics to [end] the dealership of a chronic discounter .

About half completely terminate cash benefits and about half trigger a work requirement after a specific period on the rolls , usually 24 months or 36 months .
about half completely [end] cash benefits and about half trigger a work requirement after a specific period on the rolls , usually 24 months or 36 months .

Three others terminate benefits after a period of mandatory work .
three others [end] benefits after a period of mandatory work .

Consumers were unaware not only that they were placing such a call , but also that exiting from the site did not terminate the call .
consumers were unaware not only that they were placing such a call , but also that exiting from the site did not [end] the call .

Phrases like mutually agreed and were intermarried are plainly pompous rather than precise , as are removed for ` moved , ' determine for ` terminate , ' and many more .
phrases like mutually agreed and were intermarried are plainly pompous rather than precise , as are removed for ` moved , ' determine for ` [end] , ' and many more .

To betray , cheat , destroy , reject , ruin , sabotage , stymie , swindle , terminate , wreck : Churchill tried to fxxx the deal on the second front .
to betray , cheat , destroy , reject , ruin , sabotage , stymie , swindle , [end] , wreck : churchill tried to fxxx the deal on the second front .

