It does , as in type 1 , , supply the hilar lymph nodes , the pulmonary artery , the pulmonary vein , the bronchi , and the bronchioles -- terminating in a common capillary bed with the pulmonary artery at the level of the respiratory bronchiole .
it does , as in type 1 , , supply the hilar lymph nodes , the pulmonary artery , the pulmonary vein , the bronchi , and the bronchioles -- [ending] in a common capillary bed with the pulmonary artery at the level of the respiratory bronchiole .

Named after Schwarzenegger for his terminating exploits , the big , strong tabby fell to an unseen swift car bumper blow .
named after schwarzenegger for his [ending] exploits , the big , strong tabby fell to an unseen swift car bumper blow .

The Teesside TransPennine link is part of a series of changes now under way or in the pipeline for local services : — Northallerton and Thirsk will get hourly trains to York , Leeds , Manchester and Liverpool instead of two hourly ; — One train a day in each direction will take in Stockton , Hartlepool and Sunderland , terminating at Newcastle ; — The Monday to Saturday Darlington to Hartlepool service , barely used and regularly cancelled , will be axed next month .
the teesside transpennine link is part of a series of changes now under way or in the pipeline for local services : — northallerton and thirsk will get hourly trains to york , leeds , manchester and liverpool instead of two hourly ; — one train a day in each direction will take in stockton , hartlepool and sunderland , [ending] at newcastle ; — the monday to saturday darlington to hartlepool service , barely used and regularly cancelled , will be axed next month .

One train a day in each direction will take in Stockton , Hartlepool and Sunderland , terminating at Newcastle .
one train a day in each direction will take in stockton , hartlepool and sunderland , [ending] at newcastle .

The prospect of terminating school services has been raised in the wake of a spate of incidents , including opening emergency doors and throwing missiles from buses .
the prospect of [ending] school services has been raised in the wake of a spate of incidents , including opening emergency doors and throwing missiles from buses .

Councillors are obliged to consider terminating a contract if eight notices are issued .
councillors are obliged to consider [ending] a contract if eight notices are issued .

‘ We have identified that as a link from Stockton station into the new Teesdale site , linking up with the new university , alongside the Teesside Park development into the centre of Middlesbrough and then towards the east , turning down Cargo Fleet Lane , terminating at Ormesby .
‘ we have identified that as a link from stockton station into the new teesdale site , linking up with the new university , alongside the teesside park development into the centre of middlesbrough and then towards the east , turning down cargo fleet lane , [ending] at ormesby .

There is also , of course , no power in the reactive terminating loads .
there is also , of course , no power in the reactive [ending] loads .

Obviously , since the filters are purely reactive , none of this power can be absorbed in them and it all reaches the terminating load in each case .
obviously , since the filters are purely reactive , none of this power can be absorbed in them and it all reaches the [ending] load in each case .

9.13 Multiple-section low-pass filter comprising a constant-k section , an m-derived section and terminating half-sections .
9.13 multiple-section low-pass filter comprising a constant-k section , an m-derived section and [ending] half-sections .

Clearly , maximum transfer of power will not be achieved by cascading identical asymmetric sections between a source and correctly terminating iterative impedance .
clearly , maximum transfer of power will not be achieved by cascading identical asymmetric sections between a source and correctly [ending] iterative impedance .

Representing open and short-circuit terminating conditions by subscripts o and s respectively , these extreme cases of input impedance for the T-section of figure 9.14 ( a ) are Hence from equations ( 9.69 ) and ( 9.70 ) In the particular case of a symmetric section , the two image impedances are identical , the common image impedance being , of course , just the characteristic impedance .
representing open and short-circuit [ending] conditions by subscripts o and s respectively , these extreme cases of input impedance for the t-section of figure 9.14 ( a ) are hence from equations ( 9.69 ) and ( 9.70 ) in the particular case of a symmetric section , the two image impedances are identical , the common image impedance being , of course , just the characteristic impedance .

Final construction consists of fitting the various parts to the box and terminating the flying leads to their various destinations .
final construction consists of fitting the various parts to the box and [ending] the flying leads to their various destinations .

Ice cream ( but only if it is a simple , honest old-fashioned ice not one of those staggeringly exotic multi-storey jobs , rising with layer upon layer of heaven-knows-what and terminating with a big blob of shaving cream ) 150
ice cream ( but only if it is a simple , honest old-fashioned ice not one of those staggeringly exotic multi-storey jobs , rising with layer upon layer of heaven-knows-what and [ending] with a big blob of shaving cream ) 150

So far as shortening or terminating a conversation is concerned , your ability to do this without upsetting her will depend very much on both your personalities , the warmth of your relationship , and the extent of her tolerance and sense of humour .
so far as shortening or [ending] a conversation is concerned , your ability to do this without upsetting her will depend very much on both your personalities , the warmth of your relationship , and the extent of her tolerance and sense of humour .

Using this technique to change the constraint , for example , would mean solving the parametric problem starting with θ = 0 and terminating at θ = 1 .
using this technique to change the constraint , for example , would mean solving the parametric problem starting with θ = 0 and [ending] at θ = 1 .

Terminating the agreement
[ending] the agreement

Plate 12 The Royal Road at Knossos , terminating in the Theatral Area ( left ) and the North Entrance and North-West Portico of the Labyrinth ( right )
plate 12 the royal road at knossos , [ending] in the theatral area ( left ) and the north entrance and north-west portico of the labyrinth ( right )

Fearon relaxed marginally but was terminating the interview .
fearon relaxed marginally but was [ending] the interview .

The menopause may be a marker event , signalling to women that their social desirability is terminating .
the menopause may be a marker event , signalling to women that their social desirability is [ending] .

Wonder hardens towards conviction when you realise what Lewis and his manager achieved , simply by terminating those negotiations on ‘ a point of principle . ’
wonder hardens towards conviction when you realise what lewis and his manager achieved , simply by [ending] those negotiations on ‘ a point of principle . ’

With a fresh crop of newly-qualifieds hitting the market and no vacancies to fill , firms are making further redundancies , ceasing to renew training contracts — sometimes even terminating the contract early on the grounds that there is no work — and beginning to offer part-time employment as an alternative .
with a fresh crop of newly-qualifieds hitting the market and no vacancies to fill , firms are making further redundancies , ceasing to renew training contracts — sometimes even [ending] the contract early on the grounds that there is no work — and beginning to offer part-time employment as an alternative .

The Cross is silver and consists of a thunderbolt in the form of a cross , the arms conjoined by the wings , base bar terminating with a bomb , surmounted by another cross composed of aeroplane propellers , the four ends inscribed with the Royal Cypher .
the cross is silver and consists of a thunderbolt in the form of a cross , the arms conjoined by the wings , base bar [ending] with a bomb , surmounted by another cross composed of aeroplane propellers , the four ends inscribed with the royal cypher .

Should the Programmer be prevented for any reason from completing and delivering the Program by the agreed date , then as an alternative ( in the case of the Programmer 's breach ) to terminating this Agreement the Publisher , after giving the Programmer reasonable notice , may commission the completion of the Program by another programmer on terms that the Publisher shall consider fair to all parties ; the payment due to the Programmer under Clause 2 shall be altered accordingly ; and the Programmer will immediately deliver to the Publisher such materials as he has prepared , and refund any advance of payment which he has received .
should the programmer be prevented for any reason from completing and delivering the program by the agreed date , then as an alternative ( in the case of the programmer 's breach ) to [ending] this agreement the publisher , after giving the programmer reasonable notice , may commission the completion of the program by another programmer on terms that the publisher shall consider fair to all parties ; the payment due to the programmer under clause 2 shall be altered accordingly ; and the programmer will immediately deliver to the publisher such materials as he has prepared , and refund any advance of payment which he has received .

Should the Programmer be prevented for any reason from completing and delivering the Program by the agreed date , then as an alternative ( in the case of the Programmer 's breach ) to terminating this Agreement the Publisher , after giving the Programmer reasonable notice , may commission the completion of the Program by another programmer on terms that the Publisher shall consider fair to all parties ; the payment due to the Programmer under Clause 2 shall be altered accordingly ; and the Programmer will immediately deliver to the Publisher such materials as he has prepared , and refund any advance of payment which he has received .
should the programmer be prevented for any reason from completing and delivering the program by the agreed date , then as an alternative ( in the case of the programmer 's breach ) to [ending] this agreement the publisher , after giving the programmer reasonable notice , may commission the completion of the program by another programmer on terms that the publisher shall consider fair to all parties ; the payment due to the programmer under clause 2 shall be altered accordingly ; and the programmer will immediately deliver to the publisher such materials as he has prepared , and refund any advance of payment which he has received .

The disruption was widespread over a five hour period with all trains terminating at Bewdley and buses being hired at short notice to ferry passengers back to Kidderminster station .
the disruption was widespread over a five hour period with all trains [ending] at bewdley and buses being hired at short notice to ferry passengers back to kidderminster station .

The elongated body of the scorpion is armed at one end with two powerful claws and at the other with a long tail terminating in a sting .
the elongated body of the scorpion is armed at one end with two powerful claws and at the other with a long tail [ending] in a sting .

Its tail , so fine and thin that it was like a thread of silver , stretched out for ten times its circumference , terminating in a smaller , silvered sphere little thicker than the thread .
its tail , so fine and thin that it was like a thread of silver , stretched out for ten times its circumference , [ending] in a smaller , silvered sphere little thicker than the thread .

The management of innovation efforts , particularly in terminating activities that do not make business sense , can be delicate as well as time-consuming — the more so since administrative fiat is not an acceptable solution . An account from Motorola highlights the difficulty , and the consummate care of the managers for their innovative contributor :
the management of innovation efforts , particularly in [ending] activities that do not make business sense , can be delicate as well as time-consuming — the more so since administrative fiat is not an acceptable solution . an account from motorola highlights the difficulty , and the consummate care of the managers for their innovative contributor :

Page was given three months ' notice terminating his appointment on the grounds of redundancy .
page was given three months ' notice [ending] his appointment on the grounds of redundancy .

The reason for terminating his appointment was that the university felt it necessary to reduce the number of staff in the Department of Philosophy by one and he was the oldest member .
the reason for [ending] his appointment was that the university felt it necessary to reduce the number of staff in the department of philosophy by one and he was the oldest member .

The arteriogram showed no evidence of intracranial perfusion , the internal carotids terminating below the skull base .
the arteriogram showed no evidence of intracranial perfusion , the internal carotids [ending] below the skull base .

The justification for the reversal of the burden of proof in unfair dismissal cases is that employers will be in the best position to explain what reasons they had for terminating the employment .
the justification for the reversal of the burden of proof in unfair dismissal cases is that employers will be in the best position to explain what reasons they had for [ending] the employment .

In July , Fields sought an injunction , restraining Virgin Atlantic from ‘ terminating or altering ’ its agreement with him and restraining Branson from acting as a director .
in july , fields sought an injunction , restraining virgin atlantic from ‘ [ending] or altering ’ its agreement with him and restraining branson from acting as a director .

However , the court did restrain Virgin from terminating or altering the terms of Fields 's service agreements .
however , the court did restrain virgin from [ending] or altering the terms of fields 's service agreements .

Acting jointly , William 's parents , the social worker concerned , child guidance and the school all advised against terminating the supervision requirement as all felt William needed the joint supervision .
acting jointly , william 's parents , the social worker concerned , child guidance and the school all advised against [ending] the supervision requirement as all felt william needed the joint supervision .

‘ Tyrranopolis ’ was the period of moral decadence and a failure of governments , terminating in ‘ Nekropolis ’ where war , famine and disease racked the city .
‘ tyrranopolis ’ was the period of moral decadence and a failure of governments , [ending] in ‘ nekropolis ’ where war , famine and disease racked the city .

Independent control of water supplies to individual sections would facilitate this and the flexibility and effectiveness of the extinguishing system would be further improved if zones could be triggered by remote manual means linked into the automatic system and terminating at the same point as isolation valves and of venting controls .
independent control of water supplies to individual sections would facilitate this and the flexibility and effectiveness of the extinguishing system would be further improved if zones could be triggered by remote manual means linked into the automatic system and [ending] at the same point as isolation valves and of venting controls .

It is a long shingle spit terminating at its far , or distal , end in a number of recurved ridges ( Fig .
it is a long shingle spit [ending] at its far , or distal , end in a number of recurved ridges ( fig .

Periodic trajectories ( a countable infinity ) will have repeating sequences ; trajectories that terminate in the origin ( an uncountable infinity ) will have terminating sequences ; trajectories that are asymptotically periodic ( in either forwards or backwards time an uncountable infinity ) will have aperiodic sequences .
periodic trajectories ( a countable infinity ) will have repeating sequences ; trajectories that terminate in the origin ( an uncountable infinity ) will have [ending] sequences ; trajectories that are asymptotically periodic ( in either forwards or backwards time an uncountable infinity ) will have aperiodic sequences .

The important point for the present is that the above clauses leave no room for doubt that a breach of contract will justify the victim in terminating the contract .
the important point for the present is that the above clauses leave no room for doubt that a breach of contract will justify the victim in [ending] the contract .

Insofar as defining a term as a warranty prevents the innocent party terminating the contract in the event of breach , its effect may be to limit the choice of remedies available to the innocent party in the event of breach .
insofar as defining a term as a warranty prevents the innocent party [ending] the contract in the event of breach , its effect may be to limit the choice of remedies available to the innocent party in the event of breach .

The " excretory system " terminating in the excretory pore is almost certainly not concerned with excretion , but rather with osmoregulation and salt balance .
the " excretory system " [ending] in the excretory pore is almost certainly not concerned with excretion , but rather with osmoregulation and salt balance .

For example , Irrespective of the initial value of the loop control variable and the specified terminating value , the loop will execute at least once . For example ,
for example , irrespective of the initial value of the loop control variable and the specified [ending] value , the loop will execute at least once . for example ,

Cyclones are seen as a force that prevents the ecological succession of coral reefs from terminating in less species-rich assemblages ( in those reefs , the earlier stages are more species-rich ) .
cyclones are seen as a force that prevents the ecological succession of coral reefs from [ending] in less species-rich assemblages ( in those reefs , the earlier stages are more species-rich ) .

Mental incapacity It is usual to provide that upon a partner becoming a patient under the Mental Health Act 1983 his colleagues should have the option of terminating their partnership with him .
mental incapacity it is usual to provide that upon a partner becoming a patient under the mental health act 1983 his colleagues should have the option of [ending] their partnership with him .

If there were a powerful king he might find some other way of terminating disputes and for this reason the church — which was not supposed to engage in warfare — was generally in favour of a king who could provide strong government .
if there were a powerful king he might find some other way of [ending] disputes and for this reason the church — which was not supposed to engage in warfare — was generally in favour of a king who could provide strong government .

It might be argued that violation of the treaty by its parties constitutes a fundamental change of circumstances justifying Protocol States in terminating their commitments .
it might be argued that violation of the treaty by its parties constitutes a fundamental change of circumstances justifying protocol states in [ending] their commitments .

This was to provide the occasion on the Vietnamese side for terminating the Fontainebleau exercise .
this was to provide the occasion on the vietnamese side for [ending] the fontainebleau exercise .

We exemplify these procedures using the matrix This matrix , in fact , has the determinant 100 ; since its elements are integers , the elements of the reciprocal will be terminating decimals .
we exemplify these procedures using the matrix this matrix , in fact , has the determinant 100 ; since its elements are integers , the elements of the reciprocal will be [ending] decimals .

13 ) Similar to the herati , but composed of a single flower within a slightly curvilinear diamond lattice , terminating at its four points in flower heads of equal size , which is repeated across the field .
13 ) similar to the herati , but composed of a single flower within a slightly curvilinear diamond lattice , [ending] at its four points in flower heads of equal size , which is repeated across the field .

Such questions should be approached honestly and in full awareness that terminating loan arrangements can cost money in the short term due to cancellation or other charges .
such questions should be approached honestly and in full awareness that [ending] loan arrangements can cost money in the short term due to cancellation or other charges .

Before the advent of molecular genetics , screening of newborns in the United Kingdom was generally regarded as ethically unsound because no treatment was available ; it offered little advantage to the family other than the possibility of terminating all subsequent male fetuses , more than half of whom would be normal .
before the advent of molecular genetics , screening of newborns in the united kingdom was generally regarded as ethically unsound because no treatment was available ; it offered little advantage to the family other than the possibility of [ending] all subsequent male fetuses , more than half of whom would be normal .

As a particular form of Re , the Aten , initially as a hawk-headed god and then in the form of a sun disk with rays terminating in life-giving hands , returned to a more basic idea of the sun 's power to offset the growing influence of Amun and re-emphasise the political position of the king .
as a particular form of re , the aten , initially as a hawk-headed god and then in the form of a sun disk with rays [ending] in life-giving hands , returned to a more basic idea of the sun 's power to offset the growing influence of amun and re-emphasise the political position of the king .

The successful testing of the atomic bomb in New Mexico in July 1945 transformed the challenge of terminating the war against Japan .
the successful testing of the atomic bomb in new mexico in july 1945 transformed the challenge of [ending] the war against japan .

Van Cleef and Arpel 's elegant necklace ( above ) recalls the draped styles of the Fifties , with four rows of brilliants terminating in pear-shaped diamonds hanging from a tassel held off-centre by two invisibly set flowers .
van cleef and arpel 's elegant necklace ( above ) recalls the draped styles of the fifties , with four rows of brilliants [ending] in pear-shaped diamonds hanging from a tassel held off-centre by two invisibly set flowers .

They 're wired up like a lighting circuit , with the circuit cable terminating at the last — to fixed appliances like cookers and immersion heaters — are also wired up as radial circuits .
they 're wired up like a lighting circuit , with the circuit cable [ending] at the last — to fixed appliances like cookers and immersion heaters — are also wired up as radial circuits .

In the event of the Board terminating your appointment other than in circumstances of gross misconduct on your part or wilful neglect by you of your duties then the Board may in its discretion determine to pay you compensation in respect of that termination .
in the event of the board [ending] your appointment other than in circumstances of gross misconduct on your part or wilful neglect by you of your duties then the board may in its discretion determine to pay you compensation in respect of that termination .

Later , four more aisles were added , each terminating in a round apse , thus giving an east end with nine apses ( 238 ) .
later , four more aisles were added , each [ending] in a round apse , thus giving an east end with nine apses ( 238 ) .

It was a major trading partner of Iraq , and came under intense pressure to shut off Iraq 's principal route for the export of oil ( up to 1,600,000 bpd ) through the twin pipelines across Turkish territory terminating at Yumurtalik near Dortyol in the Bay of Iskenderun .
it was a major trading partner of iraq , and came under intense pressure to shut off iraq 's principal route for the export of oil ( up to 1,600,000 bpd ) through the twin pipelines across turkish territory [ending] at yumurtalik near dortyol in the bay of iskenderun .

The office of Keeper of the Registers and Records of Scotland existed for only twenty years , terminating in 1948 .
the office of keeper of the registers and records of scotland existed for only twenty years , [ending] in 1948 .

One of the terminating events in section 43 occurs .
one of the [ending] events in section 43 occurs .

Now suppose that the buyer commits a wrongful anticipatory repudiation of the contract and the seller immediately accepts that repudiation as terminating the contract and sues for damages .
now suppose that the buyer commits a wrongful anticipatory repudiation of the contract and the seller immediately accepts that repudiation as [ending] the contract and sues for damages .

Finance companies , by adopting a ‘ take it or leave it ’ attitude used to insist on inserting terms that were very onerous for the customer — terms to the effect that all implied conditions and warranties were excluded ; that in the event of the customer 's payments falling into arrears the finance company could repossess the goods ; that in order to repossess the goods the company 's agents could trespass upon the customer 's premises ; that in the event of the customer terminating the agreement he should pay a large sum of money to the finance company , etc .
finance companies , by adopting a ‘ take it or leave it ’ attitude used to insist on inserting terms that were very onerous for the customer — terms to the effect that all implied conditions and warranties were excluded ; that in the event of the customer 's payments falling into arrears the finance company could repossess the goods ; that in order to repossess the goods the company 's agents could trespass upon the customer 's premises ; that in the event of the customer [ending] the agreement he should pay a large sum of money to the finance company , etc .

Often it will be worded so as to constitute a contract of indemnity under which the dealer must make good any loss suffered by the finance company in the event of the customer defaulting on his payments or terminating his agreement .
often it will be worded so as to constitute a contract of indemnity under which the dealer must make good any loss suffered by the finance company in the event of the customer defaulting on his payments or [ending] his agreement .

External programs can be activated without terminating MegaCAD .
external programs can be activated without [ending] megacad .

Heavy columns and solid piers were replaced by slender , lofty piers encircled with clustered column shafts , terminating in small moulded or foliated capitals .
heavy columns and solid piers were replaced by slender , lofty piers encircled with clustered column shafts , [ending] in small moulded or foliated capitals .

Such a threat is credible only if carrying it out would impose little loss on the person terminating the contract .
such a threat is credible only if carrying it out would impose little loss on the person [ending] the contract .

Secondly , the advantage that internal organization possesses in certain circumstances turns on its recourse to authority as a means of eliminating information asymmetry or terminating any prolonged wrangling between employees .
secondly , the advantage that internal organization possesses in certain circumstances turns on its recourse to authority as a means of eliminating information asymmetry or [ending] any prolonged wrangling between employees .

‘ Right you are , ’ said Hilary , turning away as if terminating the interview .
‘ right you are , ’ said hilary , turning away as if [ending] the interview .

Physicians were obliged to inform abortion patients about foetal development and the alternatives to terminating the pregnancy .
physicians were obliged to inform abortion patients about foetal development and the alternatives to [ending] the pregnancy .

The Supreme Court on Dec. 7 dealt a blow to supporters of the right to an abortion by refusing to review a Mississippi law which required women to obtain counselling and then to wait 24 hours before terminating a pregnancy .
the supreme court on dec. 7 dealt a blow to supporters of the right to an abortion by refusing to review a mississippi law which required women to obtain counselling and then to wait 24 hours before [ending] a pregnancy .

Without a terminating condition the search could continue indefinitely or at least until the space of hypotheses was exhausted .
without a [ending] condition the search could continue indefinitely or at least until the space of hypotheses was exhausted .

Unless some task-specific terminating condition has been specified the parser will automatically explore every possible pathway determined by the knowledge sources , the input , and the procedures for constructing extensions to interpretations .
unless some task-specific [ending] condition has been specified the parser will automatically explore every possible pathway determined by the knowledge sources , the input , and the procedures for constructing extensions to interpretations .

If couples learn and adopt means of spacing at adequate intervals , if breastfeeding is prolonged and if appropriate contraceptives are used during the period of lactation ( where abstinence is not practised ) , the result will not only be improved health and mortality conditions but also a concomitant spread of knowledge as to means of terminating childbearing .
if couples learn and adopt means of spacing at adequate intervals , if breastfeeding is prolonged and if appropriate contraceptives are used during the period of lactation ( where abstinence is not practised ) , the result will not only be improved health and mortality conditions but also a concomitant spread of knowledge as to means of [ending] childbearing .

Doak also understands body language to be a key to communicating with cetaceans , and he experimented with special wetsuits that were modelled on the dolphin body , black above and white below , with both legs enclosed in a sheath terminating in a tailfin or jetfins .
doak also understands body language to be a key to communicating with cetaceans , and he experimented with special wetsuits that were modelled on the dolphin body , black above and white below , with both legs enclosed in a sheath [ending] in a tailfin or jetfins .

The upright twigs often branched in a simple way , forking into two , and then into two again , and sometimes terminating in little capsules that carried the spores .
the upright twigs often branched in a simple way , forking into two , and then into two again , and sometimes [ending] in little capsules that carried the spores .

In the Carboniferous swamps large trees with leaves , of the genus Cordaites grew to 30 or more metres in height , with long slim trunks terminating in branches that bore strap-shaped leaves up to a metre in length .
in the carboniferous swamps large trees with leaves , of the genus cordaites grew to 30 or more metres in height , with long slim trunks [ending] in branches that bore strap-shaped leaves up to a metre in length .

The most obvious kilns that survive are the square or circular-plan nineteenth-century type which are high rooms with tall conical roofs terminating in cowls .
the most obvious kilns that survive are the square or circular-plan nineteenth-century type which are high rooms with tall conical roofs [ending] in cowls .

The bell is usually serviced by a main umbilical with individual diver umbilicals terminating in the bell .
the bell is usually serviced by a main umbilical with individual diver umbilicals [ending] in the bell .

From the elaborate porte cochère at the West end , the 565 foot frontage curved back and round to parallel the Euston Road , terminating in a 270 foot spire-capped clock tower which was a worthy rival of that of Barry and Pugin at Westminister … Over the elevations , Edward Gripper 's patent bricks were varied with dressings in several different kinds of stone , and red and grey Peterhead granite .
from the elaborate porte cochère at the west end , the 565 foot frontage curved back and round to parallel the euston road , [ending] in a 270 foot spire-capped clock tower which was a worthy rival of that of barry and pugin at westminister … over the elevations , edward gripper 's patent bricks were varied with dressings in several different kinds of stone , and red and grey peterhead granite .

Ears are to be set well apart , hanging forward with the inner edge lying tightly against the head and terminating at approximately mid-cheek .
ears are to be set well apart , hanging forward with the inner edge lying tightly against the head and [ending] at approximately mid-cheek .

Painted red , of course , with sinuous front wings that curve above the wheelarches , a recessed bonnet , a short roof tapering into a long , descending C-pillar and a vast engine cover terminating with a flat rear .
painted red , of course , with sinuous front wings that curve above the wheelarches , a recessed bonnet , a short roof tapering into a long , descending c-pillar and a vast engine cover [ending] with a flat rear .

‘ The rear was characterised by slightly excessive overhang — needed to accommodate the spare wheel and gearbox — terminating in a slightly recessed , clipped surface that reiterated the current thinking of Ferrari competition cars , enriched by the shaped light clusters and fine louvres .
‘ the rear was characterised by slightly excessive overhang — needed to accommodate the spare wheel and gearbox — [ending] in a slightly recessed , clipped surface that reiterated the current thinking of ferrari competition cars , enriched by the shaped light clusters and fine louvres .

the European court has already influenced child-care in the United Kingdom through its judgements on terminating parental access to children in care and on the conditions for using secure accommodation .
the european court has already influenced child-care in the united kingdom through its judgements on [ending] parental access to children in care and on the conditions for using secure accommodation .

Sebastian wound the window up on this good note , terminating the conversation .
sebastian wound the window up on this good note , [ending] the conversation .

‘ Some lead such active lives that we found it difficult to arrange a time for interview , while others are so isolated and lonely that our interviewers felt guilty about terminating the interview and leaving them to themselves .
‘ some lead such active lives that we found it difficult to arrange a time for interview , while others are so isolated and lonely that our interviewers felt guilty about [ending] the interview and leaving them to themselves .

In 1870 , the Victorians created a third electric avenue to the Orient , another submarine cable routed via Gibraltar , Malta , Alexandria , Suez and Aden , terminating at Bombay .
in 1870 , the victorians created a third electric avenue to the orient , another submarine cable routed via gibraltar , malta , alexandria , suez and aden , [ending] at bombay .

What happened next is a matter of supposition , terminating with John Tawell racing swiftly away from the scene and Sara screaming and moaning from the cottage .
what happened next is a matter of supposition , [ending] with john tawell racing swiftly away from the scene and sara screaming and moaning from the cottage .

If they are successful , they will reduce some of the practical difficulties created by late abortions , and perhaps the qualms of the mother about terminating the child .
if they are successful , they will reduce some of the practical difficulties created by late abortions , and perhaps the qualms of the mother about [ending] the child .

Northern European warriors also used the halberd , which consisted of an axe blade balanced by a pick , with the head of the shaft terminating in a long , vicious spike .
northern european warriors also used the halberd , which consisted of an axe blade balanced by a pick , with the head of the shaft [ending] in a long , vicious spike .

’ Further , ‘ there exists considerable uncertainty in the medical and legal professions as to the legality of terminating the use or application of life-sustaining procedures where the patient has voluntarily and in sound mind evidenced a desire that such procedures be withheld or withdrawn .
’ further , ‘ there exists considerable uncertainty in the medical and legal professions as to the legality of [ending] the use or application of life-sustaining procedures where the patient has voluntarily and in sound mind evidenced a desire that such procedures be withheld or withdrawn .

If , in spite of treatment , the foetus is shown to be severely affected the woman may be offered the choice of terminating the pregnancy or undertaking a further course of treatment to help prevent more damage .
if , in spite of treatment , the foetus is shown to be severely affected the woman may be offered the choice of [ending] the pregnancy or undertaking a further course of treatment to help prevent more damage .

Each cell body has a rod-like extension to the surface of the membrane , terminating in a brush of hair-like structures which are super-sensitive .
each cell body has a rod-like extension to the surface of the membrane , [ending] in a brush of hair-like structures which are super-sensitive .

Fleetwood has always jealously guarded its 1919 agreement , in which Blackpool agreed to maintain services to Fleetwood equal to any terminating at Cleveleys .
fleetwood has always jealously guarded its 1919 agreement , in which blackpool agreed to maintain services to fleetwood equal to any [ending] at cleveleys .

‘ At the northern end of the works area is the gas works , the railway tracks passing a little further on and terminating near the viaduct , these lines forming storage lines for materials and for general purposes .
‘ at the northern end of the works area is the gas works , the railway tracks passing a little further on and [ending] near the viaduct , these lines forming storage lines for materials and for general purposes .

Such questions should be approached honestly and in full awareness that terminating loan arrangements can cost money in the short term due to cancellation or other charges .
such questions should be approached honestly and in full awareness that [ending] loan arrangements can cost money in the short term due to cancellation or other charges .

‘ Terminating the window-cleaning contract would not affect performance and would not affect the number of applicants for places . ’
‘ [ending] the window-cleaning contract would not affect performance and would not affect the number of applicants for places . ’

A regular bus service runs along the southern shore , terminating at perhaps the most famous , Koukounaries Beach .
a regular bus service runs along the southern shore , [ending] at perhaps the most famous , koukounaries beach .

Tile-roofed shops line the street for three blocks , terminating at the entrance to Dragon Pavilion Park ( Longtingyuan ) .
tile-roofed shops line the street for three blocks , [ending] at the entrance to dragon pavilion park ( longtingyuan ) .

Administrative Burdens Several witnesses testified about terminating representation once the alien left the country .
administrative burdens several witnesses testified about [ending] representation once the alien left the country .

Employers could veto a worker 's decision to seek legal representation by terminating the worker and immediately deporting her .
employers could veto a worker 's decision to seek legal representation by [ending] the worker and immediately deporting her .

Again , from other molecules , we know that shedding can serve important cellular functions by releasing diffusible ligands from their membrane-bound precursors ( e.g. , TGFα and TNFα ) or by terminating intercellular signaling ( e.g. , Notch ) .
again , from other molecules , we know that shedding can serve important cellular functions by releasing diffusible ligands from their membrane-bound precursors ( e.g. , tgfα and tnfα ) or by [ending] intercellular signaling ( e.g. , notch ) .

The North Carolina verdict , which netted Williamson $ 500,000 , states that the therapist did not sufficiently follow up with Williamson after terminating their sessions , and did not sufficiently explain Williamson 's condition to him .
the north carolina verdict , which netted williamson $ 500,000 , states that the therapist did not sufficiently follow up with williamson after [ending] their sessions , and did not sufficiently explain williamson 's condition to him .

Terminating the action in Iraq without any conclusive results only a few hours after the House voted for impeachment strengthened that belief .
[ending] the action in iraq without any conclusive results only a few hours after the house voted for impeachment strengthened that belief .

The Los Angeles Times leads with the results of the first U.S. study of the French abortion pill RU-486 : highly effective and safe for terminating early pregnancies , a story that does n't make the other front pages ( the NYT national edition carries it on p. 20 ) .
the los angeles times leads with the results of the first u.s. study of the french abortion pill ru-486 : highly effective and safe for [ending] early pregnancies , a story that does n't make the other front pages ( the nyt national edition carries it on p. 20 ) .

In other words , it functions as a polite observation naturally terminating the transaction .
in other words , it functions as a polite observation naturally [ending] the transaction .

