Viewed from afar , the CDC looks like a rather stalwart political pyramid : its elected directorate fans out into an array of district leaders and standing committees , and thence into its component clubs and affiliated groups -- 500 or so .
viewed from afar , the cdc looks like a rather stalwart political pyramid : its elected directorate fans out into an array of district leaders and standing committees , and [then/so] into its component clubs and affiliated groups -- 500 or so .

In looking as far back as Moses , thence to Cromwell , Napoleon , Lincoln , Churchill , and Nehru , Montgomery attempts to trace the stirrings and qualities of great men .
in looking as far back as moses , [then/so] to cromwell , napoleon , lincoln , churchill , and nehru , montgomery attempts to trace the stirrings and qualities of great men .

We walked down the Rue De L'Arcade , thence along beside the Madeleine and across to a sidewalk cafe opposite that church .
we walked down the rue de l'arcade , [then/so] along beside the madeleine and across to a sidewalk cafe opposite that church .

Thence he pushed farther south than he had ever been before into Podolia and Nogay Tartary or the Yedisan .
[then/so] he pushed farther south than he had ever been before into podolia and nogay tartary or the yedisan .

Sir Ed. Gre. is gonne to Brestowe and from thence to Lond. as I heare , who verie well knoweth our estates and wil be willinge to do us ani good '' .
sir ed. gre. is gonne to brestowe and from [then/so] to lond. as i heare , who verie well knoweth our estates and wil be willinge to do us ani good '' .

There were three houses in Salyer's Canyon just at the foot of a low bluff , the road winding along the top , entering above , and then passing down in front of the houses , thence to the Vermejo .
there were three houses in salyer's canyon just at the foot of a low bluff , the road winding along the top , entering above , and then passing down in front of the houses , [then/so] to the vermejo .

On the standard model , water passes via a duct under and thence through the media .
on the standard model , water passes via a duct under and [then/so] through the media .

Fortunately , bacteria work on it reducing it to nitrites ( equally deadly ) and thence to nitrates .
fortunately , bacteria work on it reducing it to nitrites ( equally deadly ) and [then/so] to nitrates .

So far as Government Bills are concerned , it is no exaggeration to say that the substantial task of legislating will have been largely discharged before the Bill is even read a first time in the House in which it is introduced ( Bills may normally be introduced in either House , thence proceeding to the other ) .
so far as government bills are concerned , it is no exaggeration to say that the substantial task of legislating will have been largely discharged before the bill is even read a first time in the house in which it is introduced ( bills may normally be introduced in either house , [then/so] proceeding to the other ) .

His Canadian passport was beautifully forged and had brought him effortlessly into the Republic of Ireland and thence on the ferry to England .
his canadian passport was beautifully forged and had brought him effortlessly into the republic of ireland and [then/so] on the ferry to england .

He aimed at fifteen miles a day , and they would march down the southern flanks of the Pentland Hills , to Biggar and Broughton and thence by Tweedsmuir to Moffat , at the head of Annandale , some sixty miles .
he aimed at fifteen miles a day , and they would march down the southern flanks of the pentland hills , to biggar and broughton and [then/so] by tweedsmuir to moffat , at the head of annandale , some sixty miles .

From thence he progressed into Formula Ford , with an Alexis that he bought on the never-never .
from [then/so] he progressed into formula ford , with an alexis that he bought on the never-never .

Long before the incriminating photograph turned up on Major Tzann 's desk , he would be over the Czech border and awaiting the transport which would convey him to Germany , and thence to the United States .
long before the incriminating photograph turned up on major tzann 's desk , he would be over the czech border and awaiting the transport which would convey him to germany , and [then/so] to the united states .

At the western end of Suffolk , which was ‘ eether wholly champion or neer , the feilding abounding by tillage and flockes of sheep doe from thence emprove their greatest commodities ’ , the soil was not naturally productive , so that ‘ the husbandman before he can test the fruits of his labour endureth much travell ’ .
at the western end of suffolk , which was ‘ eether wholly champion or neer , the feilding abounding by tillage and flockes of sheep doe from [then/so] emprove their greatest commodities ’ , the soil was not naturally productive , so that ‘ the husbandman before he can test the fruits of his labour endureth much travell ’ .

‘ The middle , ’ Reyce continues , ‘ although enjoying much meddow and pasture , yett far more tillage doe from thence raise their cheifest maintenance .
‘ the middle , ’ reyce continues , ‘ although enjoying much meddow and pasture , yett far more tillage doe from [then/so] raise their cheifest maintenance .

Sufficient meat was to be dressed every day for the staff , and first sent into the matron , house surgeon and pupil , thence to the house servants .
sufficient meat was to be dressed every day for the staff , and first sent into the matron , house surgeon and pupil , [then/so] to the house servants .

Both are seen as emerging out of a human ‘ need ’ to associate with other humans , which in turn leads to increased production , further increased needs and thence to the social division of labour .
both are seen as emerging out of a human ‘ need ’ to associate with other humans , which in turn leads to increased production , further increased needs and [then/so] to the social division of labour .

But even those of us who have never been anorexic and live in the affluent Western world must know , perhaps through some isolated experience of our own or others ' , that non-eating leads to fatigue and thence to depression .
but even those of us who have never been anorexic and live in the affluent western world must know , perhaps through some isolated experience of our own or others ' , that non-eating leads to fatigue and [then/so] to depression .

… the lands belonging to Pagham , firstly from the West of Withering , by that harbour to the place which is called Bonar Stream , and thus it leads to the long village . Thence northwards to Mina 's land , so eastward to the stream and over it at the place called Ufa 's ford , thence to the place called Lagness , thence to Laxley , and so to the place called Balsham , thence to the bridge at Ellridge , and thus northwards besides the marshy places , over this to the stream called ( Aldingbourne Rife ) and thence east to Waermund 's enclosure , thence to Wador 's barrow from that place to the fishpond , and from there to ( Ryebank Rife ) , and so the line runs to the sea …
… the lands belonging to pagham , firstly from the west of withering , by that harbour to the place which is called bonar stream , and thus it leads to the long village . [then/so] northwards to mina 's land , so eastward to the stream and over it at the place called ufa 's ford , [then/so] to the place called lagness , [then/so] to laxley , and so to the place called balsham , [then/so] to the bridge at ellridge , and thus northwards besides the marshy places , over this to the stream called ( aldingbourne rife ) and [then/so] east to waermund 's enclosure , [then/so] to wador 's barrow from that place to the fishpond , and from there to ( ryebank rife ) , and so the line runs to the sea …

She was running a milliner 's shop in the Market Place as early as 1822 , thence to King Street , along from the Three Swans Inn and the infant school , followed by a brief spell in Cheap Street , where she was paying a rate of 9d .
she was running a milliner 's shop in the market place as early as 1822 , [then/so] to king street , along from the three swans inn and the infant school , followed by a brief spell in cheap street , where she was paying a rate of 9d .

Thence to the church , two days later .
[then/so] to the church , two days later .

The majority will be settled by agreement , but an appeal process , first to Valuation Tribunals through the Lands Tribunal , and thence to the Court of Appeal and the House of Lords on matters of law , is available .
the majority will be settled by agreement , but an appeal process , first to valuation tribunals through the lands tribunal , and [then/so] to the court of appeal and the house of lords on matters of law , is available .

First , what happens to a site or cell in our lattice depends on the neighbours ' scores , and thence on the state of the neighbours ' neighbours .
first , what happens to a site or cell in our lattice depends on the neighbours ' scores , and [then/so] on the state of the neighbours ' neighbours .

The parasites have transferred from cattle into reservoirs and thence through the tap .
the parasites have transferred from cattle into reservoirs and [then/so] through the tap .

Onward to Chartres with its magnificent Cathedral and thence to Nevers and St Bernadette .
onward to chartres with its magnificent cathedral and [then/so] to nevers and st bernadette .

My morning exercise ; and thence look round
my morning exercise ; and [then/so] look round

Even if it can be established beyond all reasonable doubt that certain cultural items were indeed originally developed in one place and thence diffused to another , by whatever means ( not excluding industrial espionage ) , this may have no relevance whatsoever to their significance in the new environment .
even if it can be established beyond all reasonable doubt that certain cultural items were indeed originally developed in one place and [then/so] diffused to another , by whatever means ( not excluding industrial espionage ) , this may have no relevance whatsoever to their significance in the new environment .

It is women , not randy old men , who are explicitly linked in herd-management and symbolism with goats and thence , following the more familiar male chauvinist logic , with the Devil .
it is women , not randy old men , who are explicitly linked in herd-management and symbolism with goats and [then/so] , following the more familiar male chauvinist logic , with the devil .

It is possible from the village , without too much effort , to survey the great wilderness of Fisherfield Forest from the east by taking the private road to the little huddle of buildings known as the Heights of Kinlochewe and thence following a rising track to the left until the vast amphitheatre is revealed in a surround of formidable mountains of which Slioch and Mullach Coire Mhic Fhearchair are now the most prominent .
it is possible from the village , without too much effort , to survey the great wilderness of fisherfield forest from the east by taking the private road to the little huddle of buildings known as the heights of kinlochewe and [then/so] following a rising track to the left until the vast amphitheatre is revealed in a surround of formidable mountains of which slioch and mullach coire mhic fhearchair are now the most prominent .

His party of three ships had travelled from Lisbon out to Malacca with Albuquerque , thence down the Strait and past the immense island of Borneo to the confused archipelago where all spices known to man grew in wild profusion .
his party of three ships had travelled from lisbon out to malacca with albuquerque , [then/so] down the strait and past the immense island of borneo to the confused archipelago where all spices known to man grew in wild profusion .

Again in the top right-hand section of the map the dominant whiteness ceased abruptly in a line extending down from Danzig hsien to Poznan , and thence to Krakow and across to Lvov , ending on the shores of the Black Sea , at Odessa .
again in the top right-hand section of the map the dominant whiteness ceased abruptly in a line extending down from danzig hsien to poznan , and [then/so] to krakow and across to lvov , ending on the shores of the black sea , at odessa .

The belly swells out under the belt , but the skirt falls thence to the feet free of the legs , and its simple cylinder , fanning out over the feet , is closely channelled in vertical folds which contrast with the smooth cloak ( a scheme of oriental origin ) .
the belly swells out under the belt , but the skirt falls [then/so] to the feet free of the legs , and its simple cylinder , fanning out over the feet , is closely channelled in vertical folds which contrast with the smooth cloak ( a scheme of oriental origin ) .

From the board powers are frequently delegated to committees of directors or to individual board members , and thence down the managerial hierarchy .
from the board powers are frequently delegated to committees of directors or to individual board members , and [then/so] down the managerial hierarchy .

Next , he took each hand in turn , and smeared the greasy oil between her fingers , and thence upwards to the slope of her shapely shoulders .
next , he took each hand in turn , and smeared the greasy oil between her fingers , and [then/so] upwards to the slope of her shapely shoulders .

He came alive to run his fingertips through the soft warm mat of her pubic hair : and thence , to the thick , folded lips of her luscious rosebud .
he came alive to run his fingertips through the soft warm mat of her pubic hair : and [then/so] , to the thick , folded lips of her luscious rosebud .

It is the same all down the Welsh border , from Cheshire down to the Severn , and thence across the Severn to the three south-western counties of Somerset , Devon and Cornwall .
it is the same all down the welsh border , from cheshire down to the severn , and [then/so] across the severn to the three south-western counties of somerset , devon and cornwall .

The record tells us that ‘ they have departed thence , and are either idle or have perished ’ .
the record tells us that ‘ they have departed [then/so] , and are either idle or have perished ’ .

Thence it drops down to cross the Cherwell at Banbury .
[then/so] it drops down to cross the cherwell at banbury .

Thence it described a great arc through Fenny Compton and Byfield to rejoin the other road at Cold Higham ( Crawford ) .
[then/so] it described a great arc through fenny compton and byfield to rejoin the other road at cold higham ( crawford ) .

Thence it runs directly southwards for four and a half miles to Woodstock .
[then/so] it runs directly southwards for four and a half miles to woodstock .

This road can be picked up just outside Kenilworth , whence it runs in a south-easterly direction through Offchurch across country to Southam , and thence through an almost uninhabited landscape towards the North-amptonshire uplands .
this road can be picked up just outside kenilworth , whence it runs in a south-easterly direction through offchurch across country to southam , and [then/so] through an almost uninhabited landscape towards the north-amptonshire uplands .

Thence one recognised route led on to Ludlow , and so due east through Bewdley and Bromsgrove , through the country south of Birmingham , to the point near Kenilworth where where we previously picked it up on the map .
[then/so] one recognised route led on to ludlow , and so due east through bewdley and bromsgrove , through the country south of birmingham , to the point near kenilworth where where we previously picked it up on the map .

On 7 April it was reported that , `` last Saturday a body of sailors , to the number of 400 to 500 assembled at North Shields … and proceeded from thence to Sunderland with colours flying before them and at the cross there read a paper setting forth their grievances and a demand for immediate redress .
on 7 april it was reported that , `` last saturday a body of sailors , to the number of 400 to 500 assembled at north shields … and proceeded from [then/so] to sunderland with colours flying before them and at the cross there read a paper setting forth their grievances and a demand for immediate redress .

Our film stock and equipment , which comprised some nine-tenths of our travelling weight , had to be husbanded first past the Pac-Man thicket of Customs and Immigration , thence through unpredictable months in the jungles , and finally out of the country again intact and undetained .
our film stock and equipment , which comprised some nine-tenths of our travelling weight , had to be husbanded first past the pac-man thicket of customs and immigration , [then/so] through unpredictable months in the jungles , and finally out of the country again intact and undetained .

The resultant economics was to lead directly to the Renaissance , and thence to the Industrial Revolution .
the resultant economics was to lead directly to the renaissance , and [then/so] to the industrial revolution .

From there it spread through Asia Minor to Greece and Rome , and thence to northern Europe and North America .
from there it spread through asia minor to greece and rome , and [then/so] to northern europe and north america .

The northern ( and earlier ) approach was by passes across the Ural mountains to the lower reaches of the river Obn and thence down the Ob Gulf by boat to the mouth of the Tazn which was ascended as far as a portage to the lower Yenisei ; from there they followed an eastward course up the Lower Tunguska river , crossing a portage to the Vilyui and so to the Lena .
the northern ( and earlier ) approach was by passes across the ural mountains to the lower reaches of the river obn and [then/so] down the ob gulf by boat to the mouth of the tazn which was ascended as far as a portage to the lower yenisei ; from there they followed an eastward course up the lower tunguska river , crossing a portage to the vilyui and so to the lena .

The more southerly route lay across a gap in the Urals to the Irtysh and thence , after the Tatar khanate had been defeated , up the middle Ob and its tributaries , such as the Ket , to where a portage led to the middle reaches of the Yenisei ; from here they ascended the Upper ( or ‘ Stony ’ ) Tunguska as far as the Ilim , and so either by portage to the Lena or up the Angara towards Lake Baikal .
the more southerly route lay across a gap in the urals to the irtysh and [then/so] , after the tatar khanate had been defeated , up the middle ob and its tributaries , such as the ket , to where a portage led to the middle reaches of the yenisei ; from here they ascended the upper ( or ‘ stony ’ ) tunguska as far as the ilim , and so either by portage to the lena or up the angara towards lake baikal .

But for everyday down-to-earth filtration , the simple aerobic bacteria that break down ammonia , to nitrite , and thence to nitrates are vital .
but for everyday down-to-earth filtration , the simple aerobic bacteria that break down ammonia , to nitrite , and [then/so] to nitrates are vital .

After this digression , we return to the falsificationist conception of the progress of science as the progression from problems to speculative hypotheses , to their criticism and eventual falsification and thence to new problems .
after this digression , we return to the falsificationist conception of the progress of science as the progression from problems to speculative hypotheses , to their criticism and eventual falsification and [then/so] to new problems .

An example is the string of demes from Tribe Five , Akamantis , which run Thorikos-Kephale-Prospalta-Sphettos and thence to the city ; the section from Thomkos to Sphettos is along an arterial road , which by Kleisthenes ' dispositions was enclosed first within the coastal , then within the in land trittys of Akamantis .
an example is the string of demes from tribe five , akamantis , which run thorikos-kephale-prospalta-sphettos and [then/so] to the city ; the section from thomkos to sphettos is along an arterial road , which by kleisthenes ' dispositions was enclosed first within the coastal , then within the in land trittys of akamantis .

Or there is Nikias who ( iii.91 ) sails from Melos to Oropos on the Boiotian border , thence to Boiotian Tanagra , to meet Hipponikos coming from Athens .
or there is nikias who ( iii.91 ) sails from melos to oropos on the boiotian border , [then/so] to boiotian tanagra , to meet hipponikos coming from athens .

They also suggest that the relevant agent ( or agents ) can be transmitted among adults , and thence to children , as suggested by other recent work involving occupational settings .
they also suggest that the relevant agent ( or agents ) can be transmitted among adults , and [then/so] to children , as suggested by other recent work involving occupational settings .

Olten is where the line from Zurich to Bern and on to the resorts of Lac Leman and to Geneva crosses that from Basle to Lucerne , the famous , is St Gotthard Pass , the Italianate Ticino , thence to Milan and Italy itself .
olten is where the line from zurich to bern and on to the resorts of lac leman and to geneva crosses that from basle to lucerne , the famous , is st gotthard pass , the italianate ticino , [then/so] to milan and italy itself .

Continuing the journey , the road follows the mountainside to Rietbad , a holiday village , thence to Neu St Johann , to enter the Toggenburg valley .
continuing the journey , the road follows the mountainside to rietbad , a holiday village , [then/so] to neu st johann , to enter the toggenburg valley .

Inside the first attic , Léonie had discovered , if you fumbled your way through the dusty darkness to what seemed a cupboard on the far side , you found , within this , a ladder clamped to the wall that led to a trapdoor and thence to a bit of flat roof .
inside the first attic , léonie had discovered , if you fumbled your way through the dusty darkness to what seemed a cupboard on the far side , you found , within this , a ladder clamped to the wall that led to a trapdoor and [then/so] to a bit of flat roof .

Arbroath was founded in 1178 by an order descended from Abbot Bernard who left Poitiers for Tiron ; monks from this Benedictine reform group of Tironensians established Kelso down on the Borders , and two friars came thence to Arbroath .
arbroath was founded in 1178 by an order descended from abbot bernard who left poitiers for tiron ; monks from this benedictine reform group of tironensians established kelso down on the borders , and two friars came [then/so] to arbroath .

It was isolated , yet close to Rouen and thence to Paris .
it was isolated , yet close to rouen and [then/so] to paris .

The best route , initially , is to cross the shallows on the left into the rack then go right over the shingle/boulder bank into the mini haystacks , thence into the pool , left at the next rack and cut back right between the rock and the boulder bank to avoid the tree roots .
the best route , initially , is to cross the shallows on the left into the rack then go right over the shingle/boulder bank into the mini haystacks , [then/so] into the pool , left at the next rack and cut back right between the rock and the boulder bank to avoid the tree roots .

Three boats chose Astakos , a day around the Dragonera islands , thence to the abandoned village of Port Leone on Kalamos .
three boats chose astakos , a day around the dragonera islands , [then/so] to the abandoned village of port leone on kalamos .

In seven months , he could get the Hopewell back to Virginia , and thence to London , with a request for more men and supplies to plant this colony .
in seven months , he could get the hopewell back to virginia , and [then/so] to london , with a request for more men and supplies to plant this colony .

He no longer looks to a divine plan to resolve the contest : ‘ the minds of men are the great wheels of things ; thence come changes and alterations in the world .
he no longer looks to a divine plan to resolve the contest : ‘ the minds of men are the great wheels of things ; [then/so] come changes and alterations in the world .

From there he went to the Earl of Denbigh 's garden at Newnham Paddox , and thence in 1850 to Harewood , Yorkshire , then in the course of transformation by Sir Charles Barry [ q.v . ]
from there he went to the earl of denbigh 's garden at newnham paddox , and [then/so] in 1850 to harewood , yorkshire , then in the course of transformation by sir charles barry [ q.v . ]

Tenison judged him ‘ full of an evil spirit ’ — understandably , since Proast told him that ‘ justice forsook Lambeth when Archbishop Sancroft removed from thence .
tenison judged him ‘ full of an evil spirit ’ — understandably , since proast told him that ‘ justice forsook lambeth when archbishop sancroft removed from [then/so] .

He was a pupil at Westminster School from 1772 , and ( as captain of the school ) matriculated thence at Christ Church in 1782 ; his college tutors were John Randolph [ q.v . ]
he was a pupil at westminster school from 1772 , and ( as captain of the school ) matriculated [then/so] at christ church in 1782 ; his college tutors were john randolph [ q.v . ]

He had been on board the Santa Maria some two hours or more working out with the Argentine naval lieutenant and the tug 's engineers just what was required to get the tow safely down the short cut into the Beagle Channel and thence to Ushuaia .
he had been on board the santa maria some two hours or more working out with the argentine naval lieutenant and the tug 's engineers just what was required to get the tow safely down the short cut into the beagle channel and [then/so] to ushuaia .

At the global scale numerical modelling has developed and was applied to the planetary boundary layer , facilitated by the development of powerful computers used in short-range forecasting research , and then in the construction of general circulation models and thence models of global climate .
at the global scale numerical modelling has developed and was applied to the planetary boundary layer , facilitated by the development of powerful computers used in short-range forecasting research , and then in the construction of general circulation models and [then/so] models of global climate .

Initial progress was made in tracing water discharged at resurgences but this was succeeded by deductions of limestone erosion rates , by determination of drainage areas , by distinction of the significance of percolation water and of conduit flow and thence of application of the results of process investigations to the derivation of modified models of landscape development as proposed by Smith and Newson ( 1974 ) for the Mendips .
initial progress was made in tracing water discharged at resurgences but this was succeeded by deductions of limestone erosion rates , by determination of drainage areas , by distinction of the significance of percolation water and of conduit flow and [then/so] of application of the results of process investigations to the derivation of modified models of landscape development as proposed by smith and newson ( 1974 ) for the mendips .

The foregoing review has been necessary to demonstrate what now seems almost unbelievable ; that physical geography for so long contrived to ignore the significance of human activity and thence the potential which associated studies afford .
the foregoing review has been necessary to demonstrate what now seems almost unbelievable ; that physical geography for so long contrived to ignore the significance of human activity and [then/so] the potential which associated studies afford .

Whereas the long-term significance of human activity upon plants and animals and soil characteristics and distributions has provided one research focus , in climatology the emphasis has perhaps been more evident on a spatial scale with the impact of human activity first appreciated at the local scale but then subsequently extended to the meso and thence to the world scale . With this progression the atmosphere has increasingly been viewed as a resource ( Chandler , 1970 ) and research interests have concentrated upon ( Chandler , 1970 , p. 3 ) :
whereas the long-term significance of human activity upon plants and animals and soil characteristics and distributions has provided one research focus , in climatology the emphasis has perhaps been more evident on a spatial scale with the impact of human activity first appreciated at the local scale but then subsequently extended to the meso and [then/so] to the world scale . with this progression the atmosphere has increasingly been viewed as a resource ( chandler , 1970 ) and research interests have concentrated upon ( chandler , 1970 , p. 3 ) :

Every August the Queen travelled from her house at Osborne on the Isle of Wight to Gosport and thence to Balmoral by train .
every august the queen travelled from her house at osborne on the isle of wight to gosport and [then/so] to balmoral by train .

’ The train stopped , and instantly passenger after passenger mounted the roofs , and thence saluted the Royal company with a united shout of welcome .
’ the train stopped , and instantly passenger after passenger mounted the roofs , and [then/so] saluted the royal company with a united shout of welcome .

As she headed through the basement corridors that would lead her to the stairs and the stage door and thence to the waiting Joe Lucas , Josie 's thoughts barely touched on the subject of dying at all .
as she headed through the basement corridors that would lead her to the stairs and the stage door and [then/so] to the waiting joe lucas , josie 's thoughts barely touched on the subject of dying at all .

Part of the philosophical interest in this area arose from the questions of whether ( a ) all indexical expressions can be reduced to a single primary one , and thence ( b ) whether this final pragmatic residue can be translated out into some eternal context-free artificial language .
part of the philosophical interest in this area arose from the questions of whether ( a ) all indexical expressions can be reduced to a single primary one , and [then/so] ( b ) whether this final pragmatic residue can be translated out into some eternal context-free artificial language .

The inedibility of the early land plants to animals and , apparently , fungi led to the great Coal Measures of the Carboniferous and thus to the fuel of the Industrial Revolution and thence the technology for the destruction of those forests ' successors .
the inedibility of the early land plants to animals and , apparently , fungi led to the great coal measures of the carboniferous and thus to the fuel of the industrial revolution and [then/so] the technology for the destruction of those forests ' successors .

Over 4500km of roads , four towns , an airport , railway , a port , schools and hospitals were built , the pulp mill came from Japan and was floated thence up the Amazon .
over 4500km of roads , four towns , an airport , railway , a port , schools and hospitals were built , the pulp mill came from japan and was floated [then/so] up the amazon .

The south Italians and Sicilians , who were to flood into the big cities of the Americas , had hardly yet begun to stir from their native slum villages , the east Europeans , Catholic or Orthodox , remained largely sedentary , only the Jews seeping or flooding into provincial towns from which they had hitherto been excluded and thence into larger cities .
the south italians and sicilians , who were to flood into the big cities of the americas , had hardly yet begun to stir from their native slum villages , the east europeans , catholic or orthodox , remained largely sedentary , only the jews seeping or flooding into provincial towns from which they had hitherto been excluded and [then/so] into larger cities .

We 'll have a regular Simla evening , `` declared the Colonel , and for this nostalgic excursion he chose to dine in a private room at Kettner 's , which still exists to-day , in Romilly Street , Soho ; after dinner they were to proceed to a box at the Palace Theatre , return to Kettner 's , where they arranged to leave their dominos , and thence to a masked ball at Covent Garden .
we 'll have a regular simla evening , `` declared the colonel , and for this nostalgic excursion he chose to dine in a private room at kettner 's , which still exists to-day , in romilly street , soho ; after dinner they were to proceed to a box at the palace theatre , return to kettner 's , where they arranged to leave their dominos , and [then/so] to a masked ball at covent garden .

William 's second and eponymous son was educated at the School before transferring to Westminster and thence to Cambridge and a career in politics as leader of the Jacobite squires in the House of Commons ; his younger brother , Robert , went directly from School to Merton College , Oxford , and there pursued an academic career , becoming Vice Chancellor of that University .
william 's second and eponymous son was educated at the school before transferring to westminster and [then/so] to cambridge and a career in politics as leader of the jacobite squires in the house of commons ; his younger brother , robert , went directly from school to merton college , oxford , and there pursued an academic career , becoming vice chancellor of that university .

Canadian regulations require a flight operating under instrument flight rules to carry sufficient fuel for flight to the destination , thence to an alternate airport , plus forty-five minutes reserve , unless otherwise specifically authorised .
canadian regulations require a flight operating under instrument flight rules to carry sufficient fuel for flight to the destination , [then/so] to an alternate airport , plus forty-five minutes reserve , unless otherwise specifically authorised .

It is perhaps significant , in this opening paragraph , that the sentences move to a peak of length in sentence ( 4 ) , and thence slope down to the final brevity of ( 7 ) .
it is perhaps significant , in this opening paragraph , that the sentences move to a peak of length in sentence ( 4 ) , and [then/so] slope down to the final brevity of ( 7 ) .

There is an implied progression from the inanimate world of `` alphabet `` and `` language `` in ( 3 ) to the ambivalently human `` figures `` in ( 9 ) , and thence to the quick and the dead `` ( 12 ) who are clearly human , but poised on the uncertain ground between reality and unreality .
there is an implied progression from the inanimate world of `` alphabet `` and `` language `` in ( 3 ) to the ambivalently human `` figures `` in ( 9 ) , and [then/so] to the quick and the dead `` ( 12 ) who are clearly human , but poised on the uncertain ground between reality and unreality .

This leaves Kenchester on the north-south route along the Welsh Marches which passes through Leintwardine to Wroxeter , thence to Chester .
this leaves kenchester on the north-south route along the welsh marches which passes through leintwardine to wroxeter , [then/so] to chester .

Describing Gloucester 's subsequent attack on the Woodvilles , More continues : ‘ [ Gloucester and Buckingham ] said that the lord marquis had entered into the Tower of London and thence taken out the king 's treasure and sent men to the sea .
describing gloucester 's subsequent attack on the woodvilles , more continues : ‘ [ gloucester and buckingham ] said that the lord marquis had entered into the tower of london and [then/so] taken out the king 's treasure and sent men to the sea .

Directly or indirectly we could ‘ ask ’ him/her , but our requirement is that an observer acting at a distance can observe what a pupil does and thence infer satisfaction in response .
directly or indirectly we could ‘ ask ’ him/her , but our requirement is that an observer acting at a distance can observe what a pupil does and [then/so] infer satisfaction in response .

She intended to pick up her cases and proceed with what she was here to do , go up and out into the street and thence to Streatham Street to find the hotel .
she intended to pick up her cases and proceed with what she was here to do , go up and out into the street and [then/so] to streatham street to find the hotel .

Drinking the thin , bitter coffee , she reverted to the ideas of the night , to returning home , and before she had finished it was resolved on packing her things and making her way to Holborn station and thence to Liverpool Street .
drinking the thin , bitter coffee , she reverted to the ideas of the night , to returning home , and before she had finished it was resolved on packing her things and making her way to holborn station and [then/so] to liverpool street .

For all its Wilton carpet , a Virage will speed its owner from 0–60mph in a shade over six seconds , and thence , constabulary allowing , to 155mph .
for all its wilton carpet , a virage will speed its owner from 0–60mph in a shade over six seconds , and [then/so] , constabulary allowing , to 155mph .

Published its generative being , thence
published its generative being , [then/so]

From the bazaars the tale passed via servants into households and thence to the clubs , not so dissimilar from bazaars in their capacity to retail and embellish a story .
from the bazaars the tale passed via servants into households and [then/so] to the clubs , not so dissimilar from bazaars in their capacity to retail and embellish a story .

Describing Gloucester 's subsequent attack on the Woodvilles , More continues : ‘ [ Gloucester and Buckingham ] said that the lord marquis had entered into the Tower of London and thence taken out the king 's treasure and sent men to the sea .
describing gloucester 's subsequent attack on the woodvilles , more continues : ‘ [ gloucester and buckingham ] said that the lord marquis had entered into the tower of london and [then/so] taken out the king 's treasure and sent men to the sea .

Using a southern route , supplies landed at the government-held Red Sea port of Asab were transported by lorry inland to Dese and thence northwards into Tigre , to both government-controlled and rebel-held areas .
using a southern route , supplies landed at the government-held red sea port of asab were transported by lorry inland to dese and [then/so] northwards into tigre , to both government-controlled and rebel-held areas .

Mandela , accompanied by an entourage of 24 including his wife Winnie Mandela , arrived in France on June 6 for a 36-hour visit ; thence he travelled to Switzerland and West Germany .
mandela , accompanied by an entourage of 24 including his wife winnie mandela , arrived in france on june 6 for a 36-hour visit ; [then/so] he travelled to switzerland and west germany .

In the sixth century they were said to have come originally from the island of Scandza , to have migrated to the Black Sea , and thence to have come into contact with the Roman Empire .
in the sixth century they were said to have come originally from the island of scandza , to have migrated to the black sea , and [then/so] to have come into contact with the roman empire .

Unenamoured of either , he rejected both in favour of the career of a scribe here his own account goes on to other things becoming a clerk to the imperial divan in 922/1516 , and rising thence through the office of private secretary to two Grand Vezirs and that of to become nisanci in 941/1534 .
unenamoured of either , he rejected both in favour of the career of a scribe here his own account goes on to other things becoming a clerk to the imperial divan in 922/1516 , and rising [then/so] through the office of private secretary to two grand vezirs and that of to become nisanci in 941/1534 .

And thence to Halifax where they had entered the town in their thousands , led by the women , Sairellen had been pleased to hear , walking four and five abreast , empty-handed and bare-headed as she had herself once walked to York , singing the psalm she too had sung on that day .
and [then/so] to halifax where they had entered the town in their thousands , led by the women , sairellen had been pleased to hear , walking four and five abreast , empty-handed and bare-headed as she had herself once walked to york , singing the psalm she too had sung on that day .

It then rested when finances ran out before resuming in 1790 and reaching its intended link with the Aire and Calder and Don navigations in 1816 and thence to the Humber estuary .
it then rested when finances ran out before resuming in 1790 and reaching its intended link with the aire and calder and don navigations in 1816 and [then/so] to the humber estuary .

‘ Walked to Oakeley , thence about inspecting Railway ’ .
‘ walked to oakeley , [then/so] about inspecting railway ’ .

‘ 9.15 started to Lydham 's Heath Station with Mrs. , Arthur and John thence by train to Leominster .
‘ 9.15 started to lydham 's heath station with mrs. , arthur and john [then/so] by train to leominster .

Thence it was finally brought to India in the thirteenth century by refugees fleeing Genghis Khan — at about the same time as Abelard was lecturing to his students at the new university of Paris .
[then/so] it was finally brought to india in the thirteenth century by refugees fleeing genghis khan — at about the same time as abelard was lecturing to his students at the new university of paris .

By his fourth plea , the defendant pleaded that the plaintiff never had any cause of action against the defendant in respect of the £2,000 , the subject of the Exchequer proceedings , which the plaintiff , at the commencement of that action and thence until and at the time of the making of the alleged promise , well knew .
by his fourth plea , the defendant pleaded that the plaintiff never had any cause of action against the defendant in respect of the £2,000 , the subject of the exchequer proceedings , which the plaintiff , at the commencement of that action and [then/so] until and at the time of the making of the alleged promise , well knew .

Most of the teachers lingered a few minutes in the staff room , not from any affection for the place , but to allow the unruly mob of boys to get down the long road that led to Cullbridge , and thence to disperse to the bus station , to Wimpy bars , the library or their various homes .
most of the teachers lingered a few minutes in the staff room , not from any affection for the place , but to allow the unruly mob of boys to get down the long road that led to cullbridge , and [then/so] to disperse to the bus station , to wimpy bars , the library or their various homes .

‘ We shall progress along the Parade and Albion Street , up to Fort House , known as Bleak House , and thence to the pier , ’ he announced grandly , pointing with his Golden Jubilee cane .
‘ we shall progress along the parade and albion street , up to fort house , known as bleak house , and [then/so] to the pier , ’ he announced grandly , pointing with his golden jubilee cane .

This route starts at Roseburn , proceeds via the railway path to Davidson 's Mains , thence on quiet roads to Barnton Avenue , and quiet roads again from Barnton Avenue West to Cramond Brig .
this route starts at roseburn , proceeds via the railway path to davidson 's mains , [then/so] on quiet roads to barnton avenue , and quiet roads again from barnton avenue west to cramond brig .

On Aug. 8 the British hostage John McCarthy was released in Beirut ; he was swiftly transported to the Syrian capital , Damascus , and thence flown back to the United Kingdom .
on aug. 8 the british hostage john mccarthy was released in beirut ; he was swiftly transported to the syrian capital , damascus , and [then/so] flown back to the united kingdom .

Mass protests ( and a refugee exodus to India and thence to Nepal ) began in August-September 1990 [ see p. 37711 ] when , in tandem with strict enforcement of the Bhutanese language , dress and Buddhist cultural code , thousands of ethnic Nepalese were made stateless by enforcement of the 1985 citizenship act , requiring them to show evidence of pre-1958 domicile in Bhutan .
mass protests ( and a refugee exodus to india and [then/so] to nepal ) began in august-september 1990 [ see p. 37711 ] when , in tandem with strict enforcement of the bhutanese language , dress and buddhist cultural code , thousands of ethnic nepalese were made stateless by enforcement of the 1985 citizenship act , requiring them to show evidence of pre-1958 domicile in bhutan .

Thence it moves into existing management training — and every manager gets at least five days a year about managing people , in addition to the five days a year basic training that every IBMer is supposed to have .
[then/so] it moves into existing management training — and every manager gets at least five days a year about managing people , in addition to the five days a year basic training that every ibmer is supposed to have .

After wintering in London on they travelled in March 1572 up-country to Lancaster and from thence across the first part of the Morecambe Bay sands to their stop-over with the Prestons at Holker .
after wintering in london on they travelled in march 1572 up-country to lancaster and from [then/so] across the first part of the morecambe bay sands to their stop-over with the prestons at holker .

When pounded sufficiently fine it flushed out through sieves or perforated plates and thence to hoppers or heaps for further processing , it was important to keep the grills clear , and the stuff moving , for it was vital not to overstamp it into slime .
when pounded sufficiently fine it flushed out through sieves or perforated plates and [then/so] to hoppers or heaps for further processing , it was important to keep the grills clear , and the stuff moving , for it was vital not to overstamp it into slime .

She was bought for about £20,000 in May 1974 by a smuggling syndicate based in London and after being fitted out with no expense spared she was mainly based in Portugal from where her smuggling trips started , loading from supplying craft off the coast of Morocco , thence back across the Bay of Biscay to the Cornish coast .
she was bought for about £20,000 in may 1974 by a smuggling syndicate based in london and after being fitted out with no expense spared she was mainly based in portugal from where her smuggling trips started , loading from supplying craft off the coast of morocco , [then/so] back across the bay of biscay to the cornish coast .

and thence — ’
and [then/so] — ’

For example , a finite straight line can be transformed into its two dimensional form and thence into its linear dual by applying compressive and tensile forces .
for example , a finite straight line can be transformed into its two dimensional form and [then/so] into its linear dual by applying compressive and tensile forces .

And thence begins the ecological richness of Africa .
and [then/so] begins the ecological richness of africa .

If your upper muscles ( head , shoulders , neck and jaw ) are tense , then that tension is being transmitted to the rest of your body and thence to your mind .
if your upper muscles ( head , shoulders , neck and jaw ) are tense , then that tension is being transmitted to the rest of your body and [then/so] to your mind .

The vehicles started to move off to the washdown point and thence to the trains that would take them home .
the vehicles started to move off to the washdown point and [then/so] to the trains that would take them home .

And throw it thence into the raging sea .
and throw it [then/so] into the raging sea .

We had travelled over 12,000 miles to see him — from Greece to New York via Edinburgh , thence to Los Angeles via Nashville and back to New York via Salt Lake City and Chicago .
we had travelled over 12,000 miles to see him — from greece to new york via edinburgh , [then/so] to los angeles via nashville and back to new york via salt lake city and chicago .

Masha had , in fact , learned the terrible lesson as the despicable pogroms developed into a policy of national hatred and persecution , later to be transformed into actual genocide and thence into the horrors of the Holocaust .
masha had , in fact , learned the terrible lesson as the despicable pogroms developed into a policy of national hatred and persecution , later to be transformed into actual genocide and [then/so] into the horrors of the holocaust .

There is , indeed , a divine magnitude to this demi-continent of nearly four million square miles , almost half of which constitutes the backbone of the country — the famous Canadian Shield , a range of ancient rocklands ( the world 's oldest ) which arcs from Labrador in the east , through Quebec far into southern Ontario , thence piercing north for 2000 miles into the Arctic itself .
there is , indeed , a divine magnitude to this demi-continent of nearly four million square miles , almost half of which constitutes the backbone of the country — the famous canadian shield , a range of ancient rocklands ( the world 's oldest ) which arcs from labrador in the east , through quebec far into southern ontario , [then/so] piercing north for 2000 miles into the arctic itself .

The Empire which would be bound together by reciprocal preferences , freely accorded , and which would thence ascend , perchance , to the unity of common counsels and common institutions , was an Empire of independent ‘ kith and kin ’ — ‘ the conception of the people of these islands as a great family bound by indissoluble ties to kindred families in other parts of the world ’ ( Milner ) .
the empire which would be bound together by reciprocal preferences , freely accorded , and which would [then/so] ascend , perchance , to the unity of common counsels and common institutions , was an empire of independent ‘ kith and kin ’ — ‘ the conception of the people of these islands as a great family bound by indissoluble ties to kindred families in other parts of the world ’ ( milner ) .

There had been the long drift through cold spring into hot summer ; the long sinking into the mercies and bossiness of her friends and thence into the arms of the medical profession ; the final humiliation of accepting , because she was too inert to refuse , money from Rachel .
there had been the long drift through cold spring into hot summer ; the long sinking into the mercies and bossiness of her friends and [then/so] into the arms of the medical profession ; the final humiliation of accepting , because she was too inert to refuse , money from rachel .

That light came originally from the same source as Fenna 's fire , from the heart of the golden star , from the sun itself — but it was light crashing around space at speeds which defy relativity , rolling like waves , bouncing like particles , rebounding off the dead desert of the cold moon and hurled thence , down through nearly a quarter of a million miles , forced through the steadily slowly moving liquid molecules of solid glass which made the windows .
that light came originally from the same source as fenna 's fire , from the heart of the golden star , from the sun itself — but it was light crashing around space at speeds which defy relativity , rolling like waves , bouncing like particles , rebounding off the dead desert of the cold moon and hurled [then/so] , down through nearly a quarter of a million miles , forced through the steadily slowly moving liquid molecules of solid glass which made the windows .

Thence began the terror against Jews , Socialists and Catholics .
[then/so] began the terror against jews , socialists and catholics .

Thence , he invents the theory of relativity as a means of putting bubbles into home-made beer ; rock and roll ; and ( his country 's major contribution to world culture ) the surfboard .
[then/so] , he invents the theory of relativity as a means of putting bubbles into home-made beer ; rock and roll ; and ( his country 's major contribution to world culture ) the surfboard .

If all her children , rising thence ,
if all her children , rising [then/so] ,

Thence in our rustic dialect was called
[then/so] in our rustic dialect was called

Powder systems either have a facility to pressurise the detergent drum , into which water is fed to solubilize the powder which is then fed by air pressure to the dispenser pump , or sachet filled hoppers which are auger fed into a chamber where water is mixed and thence to the delivery pump .
powder systems either have a facility to pressurise the detergent drum , into which water is fed to solubilize the powder which is then fed by air pressure to the dispenser pump , or sachet filled hoppers which are auger fed into a chamber where water is mixed and [then/so] to the delivery pump .

In 1943 he managed to leave Holland and travelled across France to Spain and thence to England .
in 1943 he managed to leave holland and travelled across france to spain and [then/so] to england .

On 17 December ‘ Reynolds ’ and his wife ‘ Anne ’ , with Blake safely hidden away , left Britain on the Dover ferry to Ostend , drove across Belgium to West Germany and thence to a border crossing-point with East Germany where they arrived on 19 December .
on 17 december ‘ reynolds ’ and his wife ‘ anne ’ , with blake safely hidden away , left britain on the dover ferry to ostend , drove across belgium to west germany and [then/so] to a border crossing-point with east germany where they arrived on 19 december .

Travelling on a false passport made out in the name of James Richardson , Bourke travelled by train from London to Paris ( apparently without encountering any problems with the police who were searching for him ) , and thence by air to Berlin where he crossed into the eastern sector and shortly afterwards was flown to Moscow to be reunited with Blake .
travelling on a false passport made out in the name of james richardson , bourke travelled by train from london to paris ( apparently without encountering any problems with the police who were searching for him ) , and [then/so] by air to berlin where he crossed into the eastern sector and shortly afterwards was flown to moscow to be reunited with blake .

Thence as their fortitude 's extremest proof ,
[then/so] as their fortitude 's extremest proof ,

Melville 's weekend water-gazers were stationed along the east coast of New England , ‘ from Corlears Hook to Coenties Slip , and from thence by Whitehall , northward .
melville 's weekend water-gazers were stationed along the east coast of new england , ‘ from corlears hook to coenties slip , and from [then/so] by whitehall , northward .

In 1885 Frederick Cranko ( who , after starting as a sailor , worked as a tailor , an engraver and a clerk ) joined the gold rush to Pretoria and thence to Johannesburg , a thousand miles from Cape Town .
in 1885 frederick cranko ( who , after starting as a sailor , worked as a tailor , an engraver and a clerk ) joined the gold rush to pretoria and [then/so] to johannesburg , a thousand miles from cape town .

And he went with all speed to Burgos , and sent from thence to bid the Cid come unto him .
and he went with all speed to burgos , and sent from [then/so] to bid the cid come unto him .

They discharge into downpipes and thence into gullies , traps and drains .
they discharge into downpipes and [then/so] into gullies , traps and drains .

What changed was the party political situation : the seizure of power by the radical Right in the Conservative party and thence in government .
what changed was the party political situation : the seizure of power by the radical right in the conservative party and [then/so] in government .

Extensive research failed to support the cycle of deprivation thesis but the stereotype lived on , and grew to more prominence with the dominance of the right wing in the Conservative party and thence in British society and politics : Keith Joseph was of course an early leading figure in this faction within the party .
extensive research failed to support the cycle of deprivation thesis but the stereotype lived on , and grew to more prominence with the dominance of the right wing in the conservative party and [then/so] in british society and politics : keith joseph was of course an early leading figure in this faction within the party .

Disguised as a courier , Charles made his way through a winter-gripped Europe to Savona , on the Gulf of Genoa , and thence , with fewer disasters than his father had encountered 30 years before , to Antibes in the south of France .
disguised as a courier , charles made his way through a winter-gripped europe to savona , on the gulf of genoa , and [then/so] , with fewer disasters than his father had encountered 30 years before , to antibes in the south of france .

He eventually managed to assemble about 170 of his foot , all that had survived , and some 450 horsemen , and led them southwards towards Coldstream , by what was long remembered as Johnny Cope 's road ' , and thence next day to Berwick .
he eventually managed to assemble about 170 of his foot , all that had survived , and some 450 horsemen , and led them southwards towards coldstream , by what was long remembered as johnny cope 's road ' , and [then/so] next day to berwick .

Their demands were to have a radical effect on British livestock on a national basis and a massive trade developed in which cattle were reared in the more remote northern and western regions , sent in droves to fatten on grass and turnips in the Midlands , Norfolk , Essex , Hertfordshire , Middlesex and Surrey , and thence to London 's slaughterhouses in due course .
their demands were to have a radical effect on british livestock on a national basis and a massive trade developed in which cattle were reared in the more remote northern and western regions , sent in droves to fatten on grass and turnips in the midlands , norfolk , essex , hertfordshire , middlesex and surrey , and [then/so] to london 's slaughterhouses in due course .

Some suggest a tropical origin for the breed , probably Indian ; some talk about a yellow Caspian type drifting through the Balkans and into Spain , and thence into France and the Channel Islands — bearing in mind that Jersey was directly linked with mainland France by a landbridge or causeway until the year 709 .
some suggest a tropical origin for the breed , probably indian ; some talk about a yellow caspian type drifting through the balkans and into spain , and [then/so] into france and the channel islands — bearing in mind that jersey was directly linked with mainland france by a landbridge or causeway until the year 709 .

Cornish historian Doctor Borlase , writing in the eighteenth century , commented on the Druidical significance of ‘ the Festival Fires , call 'd Bonfires … kindled on the Eve of St John Baptist and St Peter 's Day and Midsummer is thence , in the Cornish tongue , call 'd Goluan which signifies both light and Rejoicing ’ .
cornish historian doctor borlase , writing in the eighteenth century , commented on the druidical significance of ‘ the festival fires , call 'd bonfires … kindled on the eve of st john baptist and st peter 's day and midsummer is [then/so] , in the cornish tongue , call 'd goluan which signifies both light and rejoicing ’ .

At Trecynon , a suburb on the north-west side of the town , there is an iron bridge built in 1811 to carry products of the Abernant Ironworks on a tramway from the works to the Glamorgan Canal , and thence to the port at Cardiff .
at trecynon , a suburb on the north-west side of the town , there is an iron bridge built in 1811 to carry products of the abernant ironworks on a tramway from the works to the glamorgan canal , and [then/so] to the port at cardiff .

Thence to the Dock Road and from there to East Prescot Street , as the Royal Family were staying with Lord Derby .
[then/so] to the dock road and from there to east prescot street , as the royal family were staying with lord derby .

From there they passed to a polishing room , and thence to what was known as No 3 position , where they were fitted to the actual coach .
from there they passed to a polishing room , and [then/so] to what was known as no 3 position , where they were fitted to the actual coach .

The brass shop was laid out with the rough brass stores on one side , whence the castings passed to the machines , thence to the benches , and from there to the polishers , next to the platers and finally to the lacquerers at the other side of the shop , each operation in turn bringing the parts further across the shop .
the brass shop was laid out with the rough brass stores on one side , whence the castings passed to the machines , [then/so] to the benches , and from there to the polishers , next to the platers and finally to the lacquerers at the other side of the shop , each operation in turn bringing the parts further across the shop .

The area of ground selected was described somewhat imprecisely as : ‘ All that piece of ground situate north of Fig Lane [ now Crowndale Road ] St Pancras extending northwards from thence 650 feet on average abutting Eastwards on the Church path leading to Kentish Town and is in a parallel breadth 270 feet abutting Westward on other Ground intended and agreed to be used as Garden Ground by the said Messrs. Kirkman and Hendy or the Undertenants and no buildings to be erected thereon which shall raise more than 12 feet above the present surface and nearer than 80 feet to the ground hereby lett and that they will reserve a Street or way 60 feet wide at the least at the northern extremity of the said ground and that the said Messrs. Kirkman and Hendy do engage to lett to the Veterinary College a piece or any part of their ground at any time within twelve months which they the College shall determine upon a ranging line with the north extremity of the piece already described at and after the rate of £30 per acre nett which are the same terms as the ground described and mentioned are lett at and also at and upon the same reservation of the pepper corn Rent .
the area of ground selected was described somewhat imprecisely as : ‘ all that piece of ground situate north of fig lane [ now crowndale road ] st pancras extending northwards from [then/so] 650 feet on average abutting eastwards on the church path leading to kentish town and is in a parallel breadth 270 feet abutting westward on other ground intended and agreed to be used as garden ground by the said messrs. kirkman and hendy or the undertenants and no buildings to be erected thereon which shall raise more than 12 feet above the present surface and nearer than 80 feet to the ground hereby lett and that they will reserve a street or way 60 feet wide at the least at the northern extremity of the said ground and that the said messrs. kirkman and hendy do engage to lett to the veterinary college a piece or any part of their ground at any time within twelve months which they the college shall determine upon a ranging line with the north extremity of the piece already described at and after the rate of £30 per acre nett which are the same terms as the ground described and mentioned are lett at and also at and upon the same reservation of the pepper corn rent .

This elegant steam train will sweep you from Cherbourg to Bayeux to view the beautiful 11th century tapestry and thence to Paris with lunch on board .
this elegant steam train will sweep you from cherbourg to bayeux to view the beautiful 11th century tapestry and [then/so] to paris with lunch on board .

Monday will see everyone take their seats for the return journey via Amiens and thence to Calais and a very special lunch on board before the voyage home to England .
monday will see everyone take their seats for the return journey via amiens and [then/so] to calais and a very special lunch on board before the voyage home to england .

The returning sonar thus passes virtually unimpeded through the ‘ auditory window ’ , the delicate layer of tissue covering a thin lower mandible , travelling thence along the jaw until it reaches the auditory bulla , an auditory sense receptor lying close to the point of articulation of the lower jaw with the remainder of the skull .
the returning sonar thus passes virtually unimpeded through the ‘ auditory window ’ , the delicate layer of tissue covering a thin lower mandible , travelling [then/so] along the jaw until it reaches the auditory bulla , an auditory sense receptor lying close to the point of articulation of the lower jaw with the remainder of the skull .

Born near Doncaster , Edward Kirk lost his hearing through a severe illness when aged 2 , and was sent to be educated at the Yorkshire Institution for the Deaf and Dumb where his abilities so impressed the headmaster , the great Charles Baker , that he was kept on first as a classroom assistant , thence from 1871 as a teacher .
born near doncaster , edward kirk lost his hearing through a severe illness when aged 2 , and was sent to be educated at the yorkshire institution for the deaf and dumb where his abilities so impressed the headmaster , the great charles baker , that he was kept on first as a classroom assistant , [then/so] from 1871 as a teacher .

Upon the latter 's death , he was educated at a hearing school in Clapham and thence at the Marlborough School of Art .
upon the latter 's death , he was educated at a hearing school in clapham and [then/so] at the marlborough school of art .

Donaldson 's Hospital School for the Deaf was evacuated to Cockburnspath and North Berwick ; the nursery department of the Royal Schools for the Deaf , Manchester , was evacuated to Middlewich in Cheshire ; the Old Kent Road School for the Deaf to St. Alban , Glamorgan , temporarily before relocating at Banstead , Surrey , where they were joined by Anerley School for the Deaf who had originally evacuated to the Royal Cross School , Preston thence to the Royal West of England School at Exeter , hurriedly evacuating the latter following the Baedeker Raids on Exeter in 1942 .
donaldson 's hospital school for the deaf was evacuated to cockburnspath and north berwick ; the nursery department of the royal schools for the deaf , manchester , was evacuated to middlewich in cheshire ; the old kent road school for the deaf to st. alban , glamorgan , temporarily before relocating at banstead , surrey , where they were joined by anerley school for the deaf who had originally evacuated to the royal cross school , preston [then/so] to the royal west of england school at exeter , hurriedly evacuating the latter following the baedeker raids on exeter in 1942 .

If the question of professional misconduct had been pursued the issue would not merely have been the efficacy of the Code but the power of the employer against the strength and stature of the profession , and thence the credibility of the profession .
if the question of professional misconduct had been pursued the issue would not merely have been the efficacy of the code but the power of the employer against the strength and stature of the profession , and [then/so] the credibility of the profession .

Thence he went to the English School at St. Omer before entering the priesthood .
[then/so] he went to the english school at st. omer before entering the priesthood .

The Palladian style made its way from Andrea Palladio to Inigo Jones , from him to Colen Campbell and Lord Burlington , and thence to Thomas Jefferson .
the palladian style made its way from andrea palladio to inigo jones , from him to colen campbell and lord burlington , and [then/so] to thomas jefferson .

To think about work cycles , we have been driven to ask about Maxwell ’ s demon , measurement , when and why measurement pays , thence to what features of a nonequilibrium system are measured such that they constitute a source of energy , thence to how couplings arise that capture the energy source , thence to work and constraints , and now to propagating work due to the occurrence of linked sets of constraints and flows of matter and energy .
to think about work cycles , we have been driven to ask about maxwell ’ s demon , measurement , when and why measurement pays , [then/so] to what features of a nonequilibrium system are measured such that they constitute a source of energy , [then/so] to how couplings arise that capture the energy source , [then/so] to work and constraints , and now to propagating work due to the occurrence of linked sets of constraints and flows of matter and energy .

In algebra , efforts to find the roots of equations led to the discovery of the symmetries of roots of equations and thence to the invention of group theory , which finds routine application in the study of crystallographic groups by structural biologists today .
in algebra , efforts to find the roots of equations led to the discovery of the symmetries of roots of equations and [then/so] to the invention of group theory , which finds routine application in the study of crystallographic groups by structural biologists today .

He made his way to Carnegie Tech , where he was a classmate of Andy Warhol 's , and thence to Princeton -- the world capital of mathematics at the time -- at the age of 20 .
he made his way to carnegie tech , where he was a classmate of andy warhol 's , and [then/so] to princeton -- the world capital of mathematics at the time -- at the age of 20 .

Another is economic : Prohibiting adultery preserves monogamous relationships and thence families , whose labor was needed for agriculture .
another is economic : prohibiting adultery preserves monogamous relationships and [then/so] families , whose labor was needed for agriculture .

In the only congressional race of this election , the contest for Susan Molinari 's seat on Staten Island was fought in part over the cost of driving across the Verrazano-Narrows Bridge , which connects Staten Island to Brooklyn and thence to the rest of the world .
in the only congressional race of this election , the contest for susan molinari 's seat on staten island was fought in part over the cost of driving across the verrazano-narrows bridge , which connects staten island to brooklyn and [then/so] to the rest of the world .

According to the textbooks , value-added is `` the amount of value added to a product by each stage of its production '' -- in other words , the amount of value added as wood metamorphoses from tree to lumber to house , or as oil is refined from its captured state into petrochemicals , and thence , perhaps , into plastic .
according to the textbooks , value-added is `` the amount of value added to a product by each stage of its production '' -- in other words , the amount of value added as wood metamorphoses from tree to lumber to house , or as oil is refined from its captured state into petrochemicals , and [then/so] , perhaps , into plastic .

Originally Celtic for wagon , it was borrowed into Latin and thence Norman French as carre , yielding not only the verb carry and its abstract carriage , but also cargo , charge , chariot .
originally celtic for wagon , it was borrowed into latin and [then/so] norman french as carre , yielding not only the verb carry and its abstract carriage , but also cargo , charge , chariot .

Suffice it to say , after the first thousand pages or so , the plot of Gray 's Anatomy wears thin , even for the most avid reader , and thence emerges the insight -- “ I ca n't remember all this stuff. ” In desperation , I learned such acrostics as novel ( Nerve , Artery , Vein , Empty space , Lymphatic -- inguinal structures , from lateral to medical ) and bitem ( appropriately , the muscles of mastication -- Buccinator , Internal pterygoid , Temporalis , External pterygoid , Masseter ) ; the abecedarius of lead poisoning ( Anemia , Basophilic stippling , Colic , Dementia , Encephalopathy , Foot drop , Gingival pigmentation ) ; and two ( What a waste of precious brain space ! )
suffice it to say , after the first thousand pages or so , the plot of gray 's anatomy wears thin , even for the most avid reader , and [then/so] emerges the insight -- “ i ca n't remember all this stuff. ” in desperation , i learned such acrostics as novel ( nerve , artery , vein , empty space , lymphatic -- inguinal structures , from lateral to medical ) and bitem ( appropriately , the muscles of mastication -- buccinator , internal pterygoid , temporalis , external pterygoid , masseter ) ; the abecedarius of lead poisoning ( anemia , basophilic stippling , colic , dementia , encephalopathy , foot drop , gingival pigmentation ) ; and two ( what a waste of precious brain space ! )

In the Apostles ' Creed : From thence he [ Christ ] shall come to judge the quick and the dead , quick meaning alive .
in the apostles ' creed : from [then/so] he [ christ ] shall come to judge the quick and the dead , quick meaning alive .

