And therein , I feel , many Northerners delude themselves about the South .
and [there] , i feel , many northerners delude themselves about the south .

The CTCA distributed a khaki-bound songbook that provided the impetus for spirited renditions of the selections found therein , plus a number of others whose lyrics were more earthy -- from `` Johnny Get Your Gun '' to `` Keep The Home Fires Burning '' to `` Mademoiselle From Armentieres '' .
the ctca distributed a khaki-bound songbook that provided the impetus for spirited renditions of the selections found [there] , plus a number of others whose lyrics were more earthy -- from `` johnny get your gun '' to `` keep the home fires burning '' to `` mademoiselle from armentieres '' .

It would , however , reach the proctors and other officers in charge of the public-school performances of the incepting bachelors , and the place that any individual obtained in the lists depended greatly on how he comported himself in the public schools during his acts therein as he was incepting .
it would , however , reach the proctors and other officers in charge of the public-school performances of the incepting bachelors , and the place that any individual obtained in the lists depended greatly on how he comported himself in the public schools during his acts [there] as he was incepting .

In addition to the penalties provided in Title 18 , United States Code , Section 1001 , any person guilty of any act , as provided therein , with respect to any matter under this Title , shall forfeit all rights under this Title , and , if payment shall have been made or granted , the Commission shall take such action as may be necessary to recover the same .
in addition to the penalties provided in title 18 , united states code , section 1001 , any person guilty of any act , as provided [there] , with respect to any matter under this title , shall forfeit all rights under this title , and , if payment shall have been made or granted , the commission shall take such action as may be necessary to recover the same .

Freeman , Cameron and McGhie , in their description of the disturbances of thinking found in chronic schizophrenic patients , say , in regard to condensation , that `` the lack of adequate discrimination between the self and the environment , and the objects contained therein in itself is the prototypical condensation '' .
freeman , cameron and mcghie , in their description of the disturbances of thinking found in chronic schizophrenic patients , say , in regard to condensation , that `` the lack of adequate discrimination between the self and the environment , and the objects contained [there] in itself is the prototypical condensation '' .

With respect to this type of item , one might properly apply the language of the Committee Report , quoted above , which cautions against using section 381 as a basis for treating other tax attributes not mentioned therein .
with respect to this type of item , one might properly apply the language of the committee report , quoted above , which cautions against using section 381 as a basis for treating other tax attributes not mentioned [there] .

In his great and glorious wisdom , he knew that our enemies the Israelites must not be able to read therein what we planned '' .
in his great and glorious wisdom , he knew that our enemies the israelites must not be able to read [there] what we planned '' .

Hal , the linguist , saw the glittering discs and necklaces in terms of the languages spoken therein .
hal , the linguist , saw the glittering discs and necklaces in terms of the languages spoken [there] .

It's somewhat off the beaten track , to be sure , but therein lies its variety and charm .
it's somewhat off the beaten track , to be sure , but [there] lies its variety and charm .

And therein lies the key criticism of Mr Lamont 's move towards an energy efficient Britain .
and [there] lies the key criticism of mr lamont 's move towards an energy efficient britain .

Lord James said the Government accepted the increased sentences , adding : ‘ There is a rising crime rate and rising public concern that it is necessary to obliterate the knife culture and the vicious circle involved therein of knife-wielding thugs . ’
lord james said the government accepted the increased sentences , adding : ‘ there is a rising crime rate and rising public concern that it is necessary to obliterate the knife culture and the vicious circle involved [there] of knife-wielding thugs . ’

Staggered working hours would spread travelling times over a longer period of the day and in many cases allow more efficient use of factories , offices , schools and the equipment therein .
staggered working hours would spread travelling times over a longer period of the day and in many cases allow more efficient use of factories , offices , schools and the equipment [there] .

This is unfortunate since one of the most important facets of the use of data for scientific research , corporate management or political debate is the communication of the information contained therein to those who will say that they are ‘ no good at figures ’ !
this is unfortunate since one of the most important facets of the use of data for scientific research , corporate management or political debate is the communication of the information contained [there] to those who will say that they are ‘ no good at figures ’ !

‘ Therein lies Middlesbrough 's dilemma .
‘ [there] lies middlesbrough 's dilemma .

No food producer who actually wants to sell his product is going to be daft enough to admit on the label that the meat contained therein predates the Gulf War , Princess Beatrice and the fall of the Berlin Wall .
no food producer who actually wants to sell his product is going to be daft enough to admit on the label that the meat contained [there] predates the gulf war , princess beatrice and the fall of the berlin wall .

The reason you have a nitrate reading in your water butt is because bacterial action is taking place therein and the end result of this cycle will be nitrate .
the reason you have a nitrate reading in your water butt is because bacterial action is taking place [there] and the end result of this cycle will be nitrate .

In his preface to the translation he wrote , ‘ In the Scriptures be the fat pastures of the soul ; therein is no venomous meat , no unwholesome thing ; they be the very dainty and pure feeding .
in his preface to the translation he wrote , ‘ in the scriptures be the fat pastures of the soul ; [there] is no venomous meat , no unwholesome thing ; they be the very dainty and pure feeding .

Therein lies your Shadow .
[there] lies your shadow .

Some say that when dragons moved above ground , fairies assumed ownership of many of the caves and mounds and the treasure therein .
some say that when dragons moved above ground , fairies assumed ownership of many of the caves and mounds and the treasure [there] .

Therein lie the seeds of social explosion , as in Los Angeles .
[there] lie the seeds of social explosion , as in los angeles .

From this angle at least no light showed therein , at this hour , an encouraging sign , although undoubtedly there would be guards on duty .
from this angle at least no light showed [there] , at this hour , an encouraging sign , although undoubtedly there would be guards on duty .

The bridge was not up , the portcullis raised and the guard in the gatehouse evidently keeping warm before a fire therein .
the bridge was not up , the portcullis raised and the guard in the gatehouse evidently keeping warm before a fire [there] .

How many might be therein , in present circumstances , there was no knowing .
how many might be [there] , in present circumstances , there was no knowing .

This door had now been opened and a man stood therein , staring .
this door had now been opened and a man stood [there] , staring .

He looked on the national position , and his own part therein , differently from others , his blood and background accounting for that .
he looked on the national position , and his own part [there] , differently from others , his blood and background accounting for that .

Shut up therein , he would be detached from his Warden 's forces and unable gravely to endanger the town , for the castle was outside the strong walls .
shut up [there] , he would be detached from his warden 's forces and unable gravely to endanger the town , for the castle was outside the strong walls .

However , when presently the knights were admitted to the castle , it was to find Moray and the High Steward themselves therein .
however , when presently the knights were admitted to the castle , it was to find moray and the high steward themselves [there] .

Niki went fishing for another drive , and thought he had one at Renault ; but the big-manufacturer politics of that season and Gerard Larrousse 's increasing weakness therein , sabotaged that : Niki was kept dangling , offered the drive and then dropped .
niki went fishing for another drive , and thought he had one at renault ; but the big-manufacturer politics of that season and gerard larrousse 's increasing weakness [there] , sabotaged that : niki was kept dangling , offered the drive and then dropped .

Make such buyers members of the management company by allotting them fully paid shares therein ;
make such buyers members of the management company by allotting them fully paid shares [there] ;

Therein also lay perhaps the supposed profits of the gentry in the neighbourhood of Droitwich , which also devoured timber , ‘ for the makyng of salt is a great and notable destruction of wood ’ : 6,000 loads annually , mostly young growth , was the local estimate .
[there] also lay perhaps the supposed profits of the gentry in the neighbourhood of droitwich , which also devoured timber , ‘ for the makyng of salt is a great and notable destruction of wood ’ : 6,000 loads annually , mostly young growth , was the local estimate .

Sociologists who use such documents have to ask themselves whether the evidence therein is authentic , whether it is complete , how representative it is of the experiences described , whether it is distorted by the personal bias of the writer , and why it was written .
sociologists who use such documents have to ask themselves whether the evidence [there] is authentic , whether it is complete , how representative it is of the experiences described , whether it is distorted by the personal bias of the writer , and why it was written .

To breach the university 's walls and claim a serious place therein , sociology , like the other social sciences , has been obliged to draw a fairly rigid line .
to breach the university 's walls and claim a serious place [there] , sociology , like the other social sciences , has been obliged to draw a fairly rigid line .

Systems of animal ‘ communication ’ are held to be mere signalling systems , systems for which there is some doubt as to the meaningfulness of the messages contained therein as opposed to their characteristic causal efficacy in evoking or triggering certain responses .
systems of animal ‘ communication ’ are held to be mere signalling systems , systems for which there is some doubt as to the meaningfulness of the messages contained [there] as opposed to their characteristic causal efficacy in evoking or triggering certain responses .

did steal therein ( specify ) …
did steal [there] ( specify ) …

Therein lies a lot of its appeal , if only you could be bothered to look for it .
[there] lies a lot of its appeal , if only you could be bothered to look for it .

… all and every Person and Persons , inhabiting within the Said Town where the said intended Pavements shall extend shall sweep and cleanse , or cause to be swept and cleansed , the Footways in the whole Length of the Front of their respective Houses , Buildings , and Walls , once in every Week , upon Pain of forfeiting and paying the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence for every Neglect therein .
… all and every person and persons , inhabiting within the said town where the said intended pavements shall extend shall sweep and cleanse , or cause to be swept and cleansed , the footways in the whole length of the front of their respective houses , buildings , and walls , once in every week , upon pain of forfeiting and paying the sum of two shillings and sixpence for every neglect [there] .

But therein lies the rub .
but [there] lies the rub .

Details of the geology of the islands studied here can be found elsewhere ( refs 8 , 13–15 , 20–24 and refs therein ) .
details of the geology of the islands studied here can be found elsewhere ( refs 8 , 13–15 , 20–24 and refs [there] ) .

Therein lies the dilemma .
[there] lies the dilemma .

Therein , she thought , lay the source of the money as well as its eventual loss , because , when her grand father inherited the place , the farm was already in debt .
[there] , she thought , lay the source of the money as well as its eventual loss , because , when her grand father inherited the place , the farm was already in debt .

If the aquarium has a separate box or trickle filter , the heaterstat can be usefully fitted therein .
if the aquarium has a separate box or trickle filter , the heaterstat can be usefully fitted [there] .

Therein lay the cunning intention of the German Chief of the General Staff , General Erich von Falkenhayn .
[there] lay the cunning intention of the german chief of the general staff , general erich von falkenhayn .

9.1.1 undertakes to use all reasonable endeavours to ensure the accuracy of all technical information provided by it pursuant to this Agreement . In the event of any error or other deficiency therein being notified to it , or coming to its notice , it will use all reasonable endeavours to supply the appropriate corrections within a reasonable time
9.1.1 undertakes to use all reasonable endeavours to ensure the accuracy of all technical information provided by it pursuant to this agreement . in the event of any error or other deficiency [there] being notified to it , or coming to its notice , it will use all reasonable endeavours to supply the appropriate corrections within a reasonable time

16.1 The Proprietor warrants that it has the unfettered right to authorise the publication of the Work ; that the Proprietor 's own contributions to the Work are original and contain no libellous defamatory obscene or otherwise unlawful or misleading matter and that all statements therein purporting to the facts are true .
16.1 the proprietor warrants that it has the unfettered right to authorise the publication of the work ; that the proprietor 's own contributions to the work are original and contain no libellous defamatory obscene or otherwise unlawful or misleading matter and that all statements [there] purporting to the facts are true .

Between 13 November and 22 December 1989 we will be exclusively entitled to your services and to all the products thereof and all rights therein shall be and remain our exclusive property .
between 13 november and 22 december 1989 we will be exclusively entitled to your services and to all the products thereof and all rights [there] shall be and remain our exclusive property .

During the shooting and on-line editing of the Video we will be exclusively entitled to your services and to all the products thereof and all rights therein shall be and remain our exclusive property .
during the shooting and on-line editing of the video we will be exclusively entitled to your services and to all the products thereof and all rights [there] shall be and remain our exclusive property .

The Authors jointly and severally warrant that the Company has the unfettered right to authorise the publication of the Work ; that the Authors ' own contributions to the Work are original and contain no libellous , defamatory , obscene or otherwise unlawful or misleading matter ; and that all statements therein purporting to be facts are true .
the authors jointly and severally warrant that the company has the unfettered right to authorise the publication of the work ; that the authors ' own contributions to the work are original and contain no libellous , defamatory , obscene or otherwise unlawful or misleading matter ; and that all statements [there] purporting to be facts are true .

15.1.1 it has the unfettered right to authorise the publication of the Work ; that the Authors ' own contributions to the Work are original and contain no libellous defamatory obscene or otherwise unlawful or misleading matter and that all statements therein purporting to be facts are true
15.1.1 it has the unfettered right to authorise the publication of the work ; that the authors ' own contributions to the work are original and contain no libellous defamatory obscene or otherwise unlawful or misleading matter and that all statements [there] purporting to be facts are true

During the shooting and on-line editing of the Video we will be exclusively entitled to your services and to all the products thereof and all rights therein shall be and remain our exclusive property .
during the shooting and on-line editing of the video we will be exclusively entitled to your services and to all the products thereof and all rights [there] shall be and remain our exclusive property .

This is a weighty , passionate document mapping out China 's occupation of Tibet and human rights abuses therein .
this is a weighty , passionate document mapping out china 's occupation of tibet and human rights abuses [there] .

Do you aim at the commode , or at the water contained therein ?
do you aim at the commode , or at the water contained [there] ?

Of these bills of lading , there is commonly three bills of one tenor made of the whole ship 's lading , or of many particular parcels of goods , if there be many laders ; and the mark of the goods must therein be expressed , and of whom received , and to whom to be delivered .
of these bills of lading , there is commonly three bills of one tenor made of the whole ship 's lading , or of many particular parcels of goods , if there be many laders ; and the mark of the goods must [there] be expressed , and of whom received , and to whom to be delivered .

The Hague Rules had adopted the principle that the bill was only ‘ prima facie evidence of the receipt by the carrier of the goods as therein described … ’ The Protocol added the following sentence : ‘ However , proof to the contrary shall not be admissible when the bill of lading has been transferred to a third party acting in good faith .
the hague rules had adopted the principle that the bill was only ‘ prima facie evidence of the receipt by the carrier of the goods as [there] described … ’ the protocol added the following sentence : ‘ however , proof to the contrary shall not be admissible when the bill of lading has been transferred to a third party acting in good faith .

Indeed , in the absence of a codified constitution , it is arguable that it is impossible to state what laws are of constitutional significance without reference to constitutions elsewhere to see what kinds of matters are dealt with therein .
indeed , in the absence of a codified constitution , it is arguable that it is impossible to state what laws are of constitutional significance without reference to constitutions elsewhere to see what kinds of matters are dealt with [there] .

To which demand of their rights they are particularly Encouraged by the declaration of his Highnesse the Prince of Orange as being the only Meanes for obteyning a full redress and remedy therein .
to which demand of their rights they are particularly encouraged by the declaration of his highnesse the prince of orange as being the only meanes for obteyning a full redress and remedy [there] .

Now in pursuance of the premisses the said lords spirituall and temporall and commons in Parlyament assembled for the ratifying confirming and establishing the said declaration and the articles clauses matters and things therein contained by the force of a law made in due for me by authority of Parlyament doe pray that it may be declared and enacted that all and singular the rights and liberties asserted and claimed in the said declaration are the true auntient and indubitable rights and liberties of the people of this king dome and soe shall be esteemed allowed adjudged deemed and taken to be and that all and every the particulars aforesaid shall be firmly and strictly hold en and observed as they are expressed in the said declaration .
now in pursuance of the premisses the said lords spirituall and temporall and commons in parlyament assembled for the ratifying confirming and establishing the said declaration and the articles clauses matters and things [there] contained by the force of a law made in due for me by authority of parlyament doe pray that it may be declared and enacted that all and singular the rights and liberties asserted and claimed in the said declaration are the true auntient and indubitable rights and liberties of the people of this king dome and soe shall be esteemed allowed adjudged deemed and taken to be and that all and every the particulars aforesaid shall be firmly and strictly hold en and observed as they are expressed in the said declaration .

Choirs will be diligently fostered in their efforts … ’ and ‘ Bishops … will take good care to see that in all sung services the whole congregation may he able to take therein the active part that is theirs … ’
choirs will be diligently fostered in their efforts … ’ and ‘ bishops … will take good care to see that in all sung services the whole congregation may he able to take [there] the active part that is theirs … ’

To provide financial information useful for determining and predicting the economic condition of the governmental unit and changes therein .
to provide financial information useful for determining and predicting the economic condition of the governmental unit and changes [there] .

Some seven Poor Law Acts culminated in the Poor Law Amendment Act 1844 , Section 32 of which provided the auditor with ‘ full powers to examine , audit , allow , or disallow of accounts , and of items therein ' .
some seven poor law acts culminated in the poor law amendment act 1844 , section 32 of which provided the auditor with ‘ full powers to examine , audit , allow , or disallow of accounts , and of items [there] ' .

At paragraph 1497 , it is stated that in larceny the owner of the thing stolen has no intention to part with his property therein to the person taking it , although he may intend to part with the possession ; in false pretences the owner does intend to part with his property in the money or chattel , but it is obtained from him by fraud .
at paragraph 1497 , it is stated that in larceny the owner of the thing stolen has no intention to part with his property [there] to the person taking it , although he may intend to part with the possession ; in false pretences the owner does intend to part with his property in the money or chattel , but it is obtained from him by fraud .

The investing group 's share of post-acquisition accumulated reserves of associated companies and any movements therein should be separately disclosed .
the investing group 's share of post-acquisition accumulated reserves of associated companies and any movements [there] should be separately disclosed .

As the science of the nineteenth century advanced in analytical skills , it became increasingly possible to tie down results to specific plants and the chemicals therein , until a pure chemical could be prescribed for a particular symptom .
as the science of the nineteenth century advanced in analytical skills , it became increasingly possible to tie down results to specific plants and the chemicals [there] , until a pure chemical could be prescribed for a particular symptom .

But such animals can barely retract into their shells because there is so little unoccupied space therein ( Osborne , 1977 ) .
but such animals can barely retract into their shells because there is so little unoccupied space [there] ( osborne , 1977 ) .

We primarily have the poems , and primarily among those The Whitsun Weddings , whose very title ( volume and chief poem therein ) evokes life and beatitude .
we primarily have the poems , and primarily among those the whitsun weddings , whose very title ( volume and chief poem [there] ) evokes life and beatitude .

In regard Angus Brown , John McVurich are in the parish of Kilvarow the presbytery refers them till the next dyet therein . ``
in regard angus brown , john mcvurich are in the parish of kilvarow the presbytery refers them till the next dyet [there] . ``

In regard Angus Brown , John McVurich are in the parish of Kilvarow the presbytery refers them till the next dyet therein . ``
in regard angus brown , john mcvurich are in the parish of kilvarow the presbytery refers them till the next dyet [there] . ``

1791 The Gentlemen of the Parish of Kildaltan represent that the Church is much Injured by the Schools being kept therein and that it would be for the General benifit of the Parish to have a School House Built seperate from the Church … appoint a Committee for fixing the Stance of the School House and getting the same Built .
1791 the gentlemen of the parish of kildaltan represent that the church is much injured by the schools being kept [there] and that it would be for the general benifit of the parish to have a school house built seperate from the church … appoint a committee for fixing the stance of the school house and getting the same built .

The said transactions and each of them were so entered into : – ( i ) in the course of the first defendant 's contravention of section 3 of the Act for the period ( July 1988 to March 1989 ) when the third to fifth defendants were knowingly concerned therein and/or ( ii ) as a result of contraventions of sections 47 and 57 in which the third to fifth defendants were knowingly concerned .
the said transactions and each of them were so entered into : – ( i ) in the course of the first defendant 's contravention of section 3 of the act for the period ( july 1988 to march 1989 ) when the third to fifth defendants were knowingly concerned [there] and/or ( ii ) as a result of contraventions of sections 47 and 57 in which the third to fifth defendants were knowingly concerned .

29 , r. 1 ( 5 ) in that the committal order was not served on Mr. Butler until well after the expiration of the 36 hour period therein prescribed .
29 , r. 1 ( 5 ) in that the committal order was not served on mr. butler until well after the expiration of the 36 hour period [there] prescribed .

( ii ) There is a general overriding principle that the Schedule must be interpreted by reference principally to the system and objectives of the Convention on Jurisdiction and the Enforcement of Judgments in Civil and Commercial Matters signed at Brussels on 27 September 1968 in order to ensure that it is fully effective ; in order to strengthen in the Community the legal protection of persons therein established ; and in order to contribute to the proper administration of justice within the Community by preventing parallel proceedings before the courts of different contracting states , and avoiding conflict between decisions which might result from permitting such parallel proceedings to continue .
( ii ) there is a general overriding principle that the schedule must be interpreted by reference principally to the system and objectives of the convention on jurisdiction and the enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters signed at brussels on 27 september 1968 in order to ensure that it is fully effective ; in order to strengthen in the community the legal protection of persons [there] established ; and in order to contribute to the proper administration of justice within the community by preventing parallel proceedings before the courts of different contracting states , and avoiding conflict between decisions which might result from permitting such parallel proceedings to continue .

According to its preamble , which incorporates in part the terms of article 220 , the Convention seeks in particular to facilitate the recognition and enforcement of judgments of courts or tribunals and to strengthen in the Community the legal protection of persons therein established .
according to its preamble , which incorporates in part the terms of article 220 , the convention seeks in particular to facilitate the recognition and enforcement of judgments of courts or tribunals and to strengthen in the community the legal protection of persons [there] established .

‘ did especially appoint John de Metingham ( then Lord Chief Justice of the Court of Common Pleas ) and the rest of his fellow justices … that they , according to their discretions , should provide and ordain , from every county , certain attorneys and lawyers , of the best and most apt for their learning and skill , who might do service to his court and people ; and that those so chosen only and no other , should follow his court and transact the affairs therein ; the said King and his council then deeming the number of seven score to be sufficient for that employment ; but it was left to the discretion of the said justices , to add to that number , or diminish , as they should see fit : ’
‘ did especially appoint john de metingham ( then lord chief justice of the court of common pleas ) and the rest of his fellow justices … that they , according to their discretions , should provide and ordain , from every county , certain attorneys and lawyers , of the best and most apt for their learning and skill , who might do service to his court and people ; and that those so chosen only and no other , should follow his court and transact the affairs [there] ; the said king and his council then deeming the number of seven score to be sufficient for that employment ; but it was left to the discretion of the said justices , to add to that number , or diminish , as they should see fit : ’

The grounds for relief were , inter alia , that Lautro failed to comply with the rules of natural justice and to act fairly in that it failed before the service of the notice to inform the applicant or Winchester of the allegations being made therein , failed to allow Winchester or its controllers , directors , senior management or authorised company representatives the opportunity of answering or responding to the allegations made against them , failed to take into account the interest of Winchester , its controllers , directors , senior management or authorised representatives when deciding to exercise the notice ; that Lautro acted unreasonably and came to a decision such that no person or body properly directing itself on the relevant law and acting reasonably could have reached in that it acted with bias against Winchester and its officials , issued the notice at a time its investigations were incomplete and on the basis of findings which were erroneous and provisional , and failed to conclude its investigations before serving the notice ; and that Lautro acted ultra vires and in error of law in that the rights of appeal applied to any person subject to the rules of Lautro whether or not members .
the grounds for relief were , inter alia , that lautro failed to comply with the rules of natural justice and to act fairly in that it failed before the service of the notice to inform the applicant or winchester of the allegations being made [there] , failed to allow winchester or its controllers , directors , senior management or authorised company representatives the opportunity of answering or responding to the allegations made against them , failed to take into account the interest of winchester , its controllers , directors , senior management or authorised representatives when deciding to exercise the notice ; that lautro acted unreasonably and came to a decision such that no person or body properly directing itself on the relevant law and acting reasonably could have reached in that it acted with bias against winchester and its officials , issued the notice at a time its investigations were incomplete and on the basis of findings which were erroneous and provisional , and failed to conclude its investigations before serving the notice ; and that lautro acted ultra vires and in error of law in that the rights of appeal applied to any person subject to the rules of lautro whether or not members .

It was ordered that the mortgagee 's costs ‘ including therein any charges and expenses properly incurred by them as mortgagees … be taxed by the taxing master … ’ The mortgagee 's bill of costs submitted for taxation included both litigation costs and non-litigation costs .
it was ordered that the mortgagee 's costs ‘ including [there] any charges and expenses properly incurred by them as mortgagees … be taxed by the taxing master … ’ the mortgagee 's bill of costs submitted for taxation included both litigation costs and non-litigation costs .

( 2 ) On the taking of the account the plaintiffs are entitled to object to items therein contained on the ground that they have been unreasonably incurred or are of an unreasonable amount .
( 2 ) on the taking of the account the plaintiffs are entitled to object to items [there] contained on the ground that they have been unreasonably incurred or are of an unreasonable amount .

The Attorney-General referred to the Court of Appeal under section 36 of the Criminal Justice Act 1972 the question whether , in order for a person to commit an offence under section 1 ( 1 ) of the Act of 1990 the computer which the person caused to perform any function with the required intent had to be a different computer from the one into which he intended to secure unauthorised access to any program or data held therein .
the attorney-general referred to the court of appeal under section 36 of the criminal justice act 1972 the question whether , in order for a person to commit an offence under section 1 ( 1 ) of the act of 1990 the computer which the person caused to perform any function with the required intent had to be a different computer from the one into which he intended to secure unauthorised access to any program or data held [there] .

‘ Particulars of Offence : [ The respondent ] on 17 September 1990 dishonestly and with a view to gain for himself or another , or with intent to cause loss to another , falsified a document required for an accounting purpose , namely , a computer generated sales invoice , by making an entry therein which was or may have been misleading , false or deceptive in a material particular in that it purported to show that a discount of 70 per cent .
‘ particulars of offence : [ the respondent ] on 17 september 1990 dishonestly and with a view to gain for himself or another , or with intent to cause loss to another , falsified a document required for an accounting purpose , namely , a computer generated sales invoice , by making an entry [there] which was or may have been misleading , false or deceptive in a material particular in that it purported to show that a discount of 70 per cent .

‘ In order for a person to commit an offence under section 1(1) of the Computer Misuse Act 1990 does the computer which the person causes to perform any function with the required intent have to be a different computer from the one into which he intends to secure unauthorised access to any program or data held therein ?
‘ in order for a person to commit an offence under section 1(1) of the computer misuse act 1990 does the computer which the person causes to perform any function with the required intent have to be a different computer from the one into which he intends to secure unauthorised access to any program or data held [there] ?

‘ as from the date when the tenant 's estate and interest in the lease shall be assigned to it pursuant to the licence hereinbefore contained and thenceforth during the residue of the term granted by the lease the assignee will pay the rent thereby reserved and observe and perform the covenants and conditions on the part of the lessee therein contained and in particular without prejudice to the foregoing the assignee will not assign or transfer underlet or part with possession of the premises demised by the lease without the consent in writing of the landlord for that purpose had and obtained .
‘ as from the date when the tenant 's estate and interest in the lease shall be assigned to it pursuant to the licence hereinbefore contained and thenceforth during the residue of the term granted by the lease the assignee will pay the rent thereby reserved and observe and perform the covenants and conditions on the part of the lessee [there] contained and in particular without prejudice to the foregoing the assignee will not assign or transfer underlet or part with possession of the premises demised by the lease without the consent in writing of the landlord for that purpose had and obtained .

‘ The purchaser hereby covenants with the vendor by way of indemnity only that the purchaser and the persons deriving title under him will henceforth and at all times duly pay all rents becoming due under the lease and observe and perform all covenants agreements and conditions therein contained on the part of the tenant or persons deriving title under it to be observed and performed and also will at all times keep the vendor its successors in title and assigns effectively indemnified against all proceedings costs claims expenses and liabilities in respect thereof .
‘ the purchaser hereby covenants with the vendor by way of indemnity only that the purchaser and the persons deriving title under him will henceforth and at all times duly pay all rents becoming due under the lease and observe and perform all covenants agreements and conditions [there] contained on the part of the tenant or persons deriving title under it to be observed and performed and also will at all times keep the vendor its successors in title and assigns effectively indemnified against all proceedings costs claims expenses and liabilities in respect thereof .

in citizens of that member state , resident and domiciled therein , or vested in a company at least 75 per cent .
in citizens of that member state , resident and domiciled [there] , or vested in a company at least 75 per cent .

by citizens of that member state resident and domiciled therein , or as to 100 per cent .
by citizens of that member state resident and domiciled [there] , or as to 100 per cent .

by one or more qualified companies , or as to part by one or more qualified companies , provided that citizens of that member state , resident and domiciled therein , hold at least 75 per cent .
by one or more qualified companies , or as to part by one or more qualified companies , provided that citizens of that member state , resident and domiciled [there] , hold at least 75 per cent .

of the remaining property in the vessel ; and ( c ) must be managed and its operations directed and controlled from within that member state ; and ( d ) must have as its charterer , manager or operator , a citizen of that member state , resident and domiciled therein , or a qualified company , in circumstances where no exception is made in respect of nationals of other member states , save that the member state has power to dispense with the nationality requirement in respect of an individual in view of the length of time such individual has resided in the member state and has been involved in the fishing industry of the member state ?
of the remaining property in the vessel ; and ( c ) must be managed and its operations directed and controlled from within that member state ; and ( d ) must have as its charterer , manager or operator , a citizen of that member state , resident and domiciled [there] , or a qualified company , in circumstances where no exception is made in respect of nationals of other member states , save that the member state has power to dispense with the nationality requirement in respect of an individual in view of the length of time such individual has resided in the member state and has been involved in the fishing industry of the member state ?

‘ ( 4 ) Are the answers to questions ( 2 ) and ( 3 ) affected by the fact that the measure in question has been introduced with the object and effect of rendering a number of fishing vessels which immediately prior to the date of such measure coming into effect have been duly registered in and licensed to fish by the member state in question and which are to a substantial extent beneficially owned by nationals of another member state , resident and domiciled in that other member state , ineligible to fly the flag of the first member state with the result that they cease to be eligible to fish against the catch quotas allocated to the first member state under the Common Fisheries Policy unless ownership and management of the vessels are transferred to citizens of the first member state resident and domiciled therein in accordance with the provisions of the said measure ?
‘ ( 4 ) are the answers to questions ( 2 ) and ( 3 ) affected by the fact that the measure in question has been introduced with the object and effect of rendering a number of fishing vessels which immediately prior to the date of such measure coming into effect have been duly registered in and licensed to fish by the member state in question and which are to a substantial extent beneficially owned by nationals of another member state , resident and domiciled in that other member state , ineligible to fly the flag of the first member state with the result that they cease to be eligible to fish against the catch quotas allocated to the first member state under the common fisheries policy unless ownership and management of the vessels are transferred to citizens of the first member state resident and domiciled [there] in accordance with the provisions of the said measure ?

in citizens of that member state , resident and domiciled therein , or vested in a company at least 75 per cent .
in citizens of that member state , resident and domiciled [there] , or vested in a company at least 75 per cent .

by citizens of that member state resident and domiciled therein , or as to 100 per cent .
by citizens of that member state resident and domiciled [there] , or as to 100 per cent .

by one or more qualified companies , or as to part by one or more qualified companies , provided that citizens of that member state , resident and domiciled therein , hold at least 75 per cent .
by one or more qualified companies , or as to part by one or more qualified companies , provided that citizens of that member state , resident and domiciled [there] , hold at least 75 per cent .

of the remaining property in the vessel ; and ( c ) must be managed and its operations directed and controlled from within that member state ; and ( d ) must have as its charterer , manager or operator , a citizen of that member state , resident and domiciled therein , or a qualified company , in circumstances where no exception is made in respect of nationals of other member states , save that the member state has power to dispense with the nationality requirement in respect of an individual in view of the length of time such individual has resided in the member state and has been involved in the fishing industry of the member state ?
of the remaining property in the vessel ; and ( c ) must be managed and its operations directed and controlled from within that member state ; and ( d ) must have as its charterer , manager or operator , a citizen of that member state , resident and domiciled [there] , or a qualified company , in circumstances where no exception is made in respect of nationals of other member states , save that the member state has power to dispense with the nationality requirement in respect of an individual in view of the length of time such individual has resided in the member state and has been involved in the fishing industry of the member state ?

‘ ( 4 ) Are the answers to questions ( 2 ) and ( 3 ) affected by the fact that the measure in question has been introduced with the object and effect of rendering a number of fishing vessels which immediately prior to the date of such measure coming into effect have been duly registered in and licensed to fish by the member state in question and which are to a substantial extent beneficially owned by nationals of another member state , resident and domiciled in that other member state , ineligible to fly the flag of the first member state with the result that they cease to be eligible to fish against the catch quotas allocated to the first member state under the Common Fisheries Policy unless ownership and management of the vessels are transferred to citizens of the first member state resident and domiciled therein in accordance with the provisions of the said measure ?
‘ ( 4 ) are the answers to questions ( 2 ) and ( 3 ) affected by the fact that the measure in question has been introduced with the object and effect of rendering a number of fishing vessels which immediately prior to the date of such measure coming into effect have been duly registered in and licensed to fish by the member state in question and which are to a substantial extent beneficially owned by nationals of another member state , resident and domiciled in that other member state , ineligible to fly the flag of the first member state with the result that they cease to be eligible to fish against the catch quotas allocated to the first member state under the common fisheries policy unless ownership and management of the vessels are transferred to citizens of the first member state resident and domiciled [there] in accordance with the provisions of the said measure ?

Crown counsel did not make any offer of the statements and in the circumstances the learned trial judge was entitled to assume that there were no discrepancies or inconsistencies therein and to refuse to order production of the statements .
crown counsel did not make any offer of the statements and in the circumstances the learned trial judge was entitled to assume that there were no discrepancies or inconsistencies [there] and to refuse to order production of the statements .

89 , and the cases therein cited , at p. 96 .
89 , and the cases [there] cited , at p. 96 .

Before this Board the commissioner advanced two main submissions , namely : ( 1 ) that the business of the bank was one and indivisible since all the profit earning operations were directed from Hong Kong by staff therein employed , no overseas branch of the bank was involved and the funds employed in the purchase of the certificates of deposit arose from the carrying on of the business in Hong Kong ; and ( 2 ) that in any event , even if the sale and purchase of certificates of deposit failed to be treated as separate operations , nevertheless the profits from these operations arose in Hong Kong .
before this board the commissioner advanced two main submissions , namely : ( 1 ) that the business of the bank was one and indivisible since all the profit earning operations were directed from hong kong by staff [there] employed , no overseas branch of the bank was involved and the funds employed in the purchase of the certificates of deposit arose from the carrying on of the business in hong kong ; and ( 2 ) that in any event , even if the sale and purchase of certificates of deposit failed to be treated as separate operations , nevertheless the profits from these operations arose in hong kong .

These factors were : ( 1 ) its organisation which acquired the films and the exclusive overseas rights therein was in Hong Kong ; ( 2 ) its sales organisation was in Hong Kong ; ( 3 ) the representatives who were sent abroad were part of the Hong Kong sales organisation ; ( 4 ) the sub-licences were drawn up in Hong Kong , according to Hong Kong law , and were dispatched from Hong Kong ; ( 5 ) the films were either delivered in or dispatched from Hong Kong ; ( 6 ) the films at the expiry of the sub-licence period had to be returned to Hong Kong or were destroyed ; and ( 7 ) payments for the grant of the sub-licences were received in Hong Kong .
these factors were : ( 1 ) its organisation which acquired the films and the exclusive overseas rights [there] was in hong kong ; ( 2 ) its sales organisation was in hong kong ; ( 3 ) the representatives who were sent abroad were part of the hong kong sales organisation ; ( 4 ) the sub-licences were drawn up in hong kong , according to hong kong law , and were dispatched from hong kong ; ( 5 ) the films were either delivered in or dispatched from hong kong ; ( 6 ) the films at the expiry of the sub-licence period had to be returned to hong kong or were destroyed ; and ( 7 ) payments for the grant of the sub-licences were received in hong kong .

My Bible in those days was Udall 's Practice of Veterinary Medicine and the great man stated therein that if a cow moved freely she was unlikely to have a foreign body in her reticulum .
my bible in those days was udall 's practice of veterinary medicine and the great man stated [there] that if a cow moved freely she was unlikely to have a foreign body in her reticulum .

( 2 ) The clerk of a licensing board shall , when lawfully required , make out a duplicate of any licence issued by him under this section and shall certify such duplicate to be a true copy of the original licence , and any such duplicate , duly certified as aforesaid , shall be sufficient evidence of the facts therein contained and of the terms of the original licence .
( 2 ) the clerk of a licensing board shall , when lawfully required , make out a duplicate of any licence issued by him under this section and shall certify such duplicate to be a true copy of the original licence , and any such duplicate , duly certified as aforesaid , shall be sufficient evidence of the facts [there] contained and of the terms of the original licence .

: family dominated , middle class owned suburban residential areas ; working class family rented residential areas ; inner city rented singles/students , bed sit/flat accommodation ; and so on ) ; ( e ) significant shopping pattern variations relative to retail provision ( and trends therein ) ; ( f ) significant variations in purchase behaviour influences ( e.g .
: family dominated , middle class owned suburban residential areas ; working class family rented residential areas ; inner city rented singles/students , bed sit/flat accommodation ; and so on ) ; ( e ) significant shopping pattern variations relative to retail provision ( and trends [there] ) ; ( f ) significant variations in purchase behaviour influences ( e.g .

Adapt the nothing therein to the purpose in hand , and you will have the use of the cart .
adapt the nothing [there] to the purpose in hand , and you will have the use of the cart .

Adapt the nothing therein to the purpose in hand , and you will have the use of the vessel .
adapt the nothing [there] to the purpose in hand , and you will have the use of the vessel .

Adapt the nothing therein to the purpose in hand , and you will have the use of the room .
adapt the nothing [there] to the purpose in hand , and you will have the use of the room .

In so far as fairness is used within the traditional adjudicative framework the balancing involved therein may be different in degree but not in kind to that which has always gone on within natural justice itself .
in so far as fairness is used within the traditional adjudicative framework the balancing involved [there] may be different in degree but not in kind to that which has always gone on within natural justice itself .

However the United Kingdom courts have recently insisted upon more evidentiary support for discretionary decisions , and exhibited a greater willingness to assess the cogency of the reasoning therein .
however the united kingdom courts have recently insisted upon more evidentiary support for discretionary decisions , and exhibited a greater willingness to assess the cogency of the reasoning [there] .

In the southernmost bay we engaged most valiantly with a band of savage islanders who scaled the walls of the sloop Rebecca and torched her timbers , but we consigned the greater part of them to the sea for pasture for the fishes that teem therein .
in the southernmost bay we engaged most valiantly with a band of savage islanders who scaled the walls of the sloop rebecca and torched her timbers , but we consigned the greater part of them to the sea for pasture for the fishes that teem [there] .

He 'd never mentioned it to her and she had not even thought about it until now , but therein lay her escape .
he 'd never mentioned it to her and she had not even thought about it until now , but [there] lay her escape .

Therein lies the dilemma .
[there] lies the dilemma .

On the contrary , as the next chapter will show , legal ownership is recognised and distinguished from equitable ownership in much the same way as a legal estate in land is distinguished from equitable interests therein .
on the contrary , as the next chapter will show , legal ownership is recognised and distinguished from equitable ownership in much the same way as a legal estate in land is distinguished from equitable interests [there] .

And a copy of any registered document , duly certified by the Registrar ‘ is in all legal proceedings admissible in evidence as of equal validity with the original document and as evidence of any fact stated therein of which oral evidence would be admissible .
and a copy of any registered document , duly certified by the registrar ‘ is in all legal proceedings admissible in evidence as of equal validity with the original document and as evidence of any fact stated [there] of which oral evidence would be admissible .

In addition it must give the names of all persons who at any time during the financial year were directors of the company and describe the principal activities of the company and its subsidiaries and any changes therein during the course of the year .
in addition it must give the names of all persons who at any time during the financial year were directors of the company and describe the principal activities of the company and its subsidiaries and any changes [there] during the course of the year .

It did not , however , initiate the longer-term processes discussed above , although it affected them in different ways — contributing to the globalization of liberal political ideas and economic policies , posing new challenges to the European integration process as the East European states seek to participate therein , and stimulating the process of fragmentation .
it did not , however , initiate the longer-term processes discussed above , although it affected them in different ways — contributing to the globalization of liberal political ideas and economic policies , posing new challenges to the european integration process as the east european states seek to participate [there] , and stimulating the process of fragmentation .

To provide financial information useful for determining and predicting the economic condition of the governmental unit and changes therein .
to provide financial information useful for determining and predicting the economic condition of the governmental unit and changes [there] .

‘ … a fiscal and accounting entity with self-balancing set of accounts recording cash and other financial resources together with all related liabilities and residual equities or balances and changes therein which are segregated for the purpose of carrying on specific activities or attaining certain objectives in accordance with special regulations , restrictions or limitations . ’
‘ … a fiscal and accounting entity with self-balancing set of accounts recording cash and other financial resources together with all related liabilities and residual equities or balances and changes [there] which are segregated for the purpose of carrying on specific activities or attaining certain objectives in accordance with special regulations , restrictions or limitations . ’

The following account of the formation of salt marshes and the plant communities developed in them is necessarily brief , but a much fuller account may be found in Steers ( 1953 ) and the papers quoted therein .
the following account of the formation of salt marshes and the plant communities developed in them is necessarily brief , but a much fuller account may be found in steers ( 1953 ) and the papers quoted [there] .

It is similarly possible to make complex classifications of the types of reefs ( summaries may be found in Daly , 1934 ; Guilcher , 1958 ; Stoddart , 1969 , and the references quoted therein ) .
it is similarly possible to make complex classifications of the types of reefs ( summaries may be found in daly , 1934 ; guilcher , 1958 ; stoddart , 1969 , and the references quoted [there] ) .

Therein lies the advantage of the default action .
[there] lies the advantage of the default action .

He shall undertake the personal and regular supervision of his laboratory or department , and of any departmental demonstrators and other assistants employed therein .
he shall undertake the personal and regular supervision of his laboratory or department , and of any departmental demonstrators and other assistants employed [there] .

6.3 Superior lease Where the lease is an underlease , the tenant should consider inserting the following landlord 's covenants : To pay the rents reserved by the [ superior Lease ] dated and made between and to observe and perform the covenants agreements and conditions on the part of the tenant contained therein and to enforce the covenants on the part of the Landlord in the said Lease Not to agree to the variation of any of the terms of the [ superior Lease ] without first obtaining the Tenant 's written consent [ such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed ]
6.3 superior lease where the lease is an underlease , the tenant should consider inserting the following landlord 's covenants : to pay the rents reserved by the [ superior lease ] dated and made between and to observe and perform the covenants agreements and conditions on the part of the tenant contained [there] and to enforce the covenants on the part of the landlord in the said lease not to agree to the variation of any of the terms of the [ superior lease ] without first obtaining the tenant 's written consent [ such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed ]

The tenant may wish to dispense with 7.6.3 , 7.6.4 , 7.6.5 and 7.6.6 and add the following proviso to 7.6.2 : If for any reason the premises and all other relevant parts of the centre sufficient for the Tenant [ or any undertenant ] to carry on its [ or their ] normal trade and business including the means of access to the Premises and all essential services therein and thereto shall not be reinstated in accordance with the provisions of this clause as they were at the date of the relevant destruction or damage by the second anniversary of the date of the destruction or damage the Tenant may thereafter determine the Term by giving not less than one month 's notice to the Landlord and upon expiry of such notice the Term shall cease but without prejudice to the claim of either party for any earlier breach of covenant by the other This will doubtless be resisted by the landlord who will wish to have the unilateral right to terminate .
the tenant may wish to dispense with 7.6.3 , 7.6.4 , 7.6.5 and 7.6.6 and add the following proviso to 7.6.2 : if for any reason the premises and all other relevant parts of the centre sufficient for the tenant [ or any undertenant ] to carry on its [ or their ] normal trade and business including the means of access to the premises and all essential services [there] and thereto shall not be reinstated in accordance with the provisions of this clause as they were at the date of the relevant destruction or damage by the second anniversary of the date of the destruction or damage the tenant may thereafter determine the term by giving not less than one month 's notice to the landlord and upon expiry of such notice the term shall cease but without prejudice to the claim of either party for any earlier breach of covenant by the other this will doubtless be resisted by the landlord who will wish to have the unilateral right to terminate .

5 Support etc The rights of light air support protection shelter and all other easements and rights now or after the date of this Lease belonging to or enjoyed by other parts of the Centre The following proviso should be added at the end of this paragraph : provided that such rights and easements shall not [ adversely ] or [ materially ] affect the Premises or the business being carried on therein
5 support etc the rights of light air support protection shelter and all other easements and rights now or after the date of this lease belonging to or enjoyed by other parts of the centre the following proviso should be added at the end of this paragraph : provided that such rights and easements shall not [ adversely ] or [ materially ] affect the premises or the business being carried on [there]

Broadly , those who seek to acquire that piece of land , or an interest therein : prospective buyers , lessees , mortgagees .
broadly , those who seek to acquire that piece of land , or an interest [there] : prospective buyers , lessees , mortgagees .

The practitioner acting for the husband should consider the tax effect of any transfer of the matrimonial home , or interest therein , to the other party to the marriage , and upon whom the burden of any taxation is to fall .
the practitioner acting for the husband should consider the tax effect of any transfer of the matrimonial home , or interest [there] , to the other party to the marriage , and upon whom the burden of any taxation is to fall .

Prima facie if a disposal of the former matrimonial home or an interest therein occurs , there is a charge to capital gains tax .
prima facie if a disposal of the former matrimonial home or an interest [there] occurs , there is a charge to capital gains tax .

Alternatively , the new husband may agree to purchase the husband 's interest therein .
alternatively , the new husband may agree to purchase the husband 's interest [there] .

( a ) Unregistered land If the house already stands in the joint names of the husband and wife as beneficial joint tenants and the wife is to have a specific interest therein , then the tenancy should be severed and a declaration of trust made ( see Chapter 6 ) .
( a ) unregistered land if the house already stands in the joint names of the husband and wife as beneficial joint tenants and the wife is to have a specific interest [there] , then the tenancy should be severed and a declaration of trust made ( see chapter 6 ) .

The instructions therein were religiously followed and within a few weeks a recognisable fuselage could be sat in for some ‘ hangar flying ’ .
the instructions [there] were religiously followed and within a few weeks a recognisable fuselage could be sat in for some ‘ hangar flying ’ .

‘ In any civil proceedings a statement contained in a document produced by a computer shall … be admissible as evidence of any fact stated therein of which direct oral evidence would be admissible … ’
‘ in any civil proceedings a statement contained in a document produced by a computer shall … be admissible as evidence of any fact stated [there] of which direct oral evidence would be admissible … ’

The theory of evolution by natural selection reached out far beyond biology , and therein lies its significance .
the theory of evolution by natural selection reached out far beyond biology , and [there] lies its significance .

If an order is made the judge should be asked to include a direction therein as to the interest .
if an order is made the judge should be asked to include a direction [there] as to the interest .

Where the reference was automatic ( £1,000 or less only being involved ) Ord 19 , r 6 provides that no solicitors ' charges or litigant in person costs may be awarded except the costs which were stated on the summons or which would have been stated on the summons if the claim had been for a liquidated sum , the costs of enforcing the award , and such further costs as the arbitrator may direct where there has been unreasonable conduct on the part of the opposite party in relation to the proceedings or the claim therein .
where the reference was automatic ( £1,000 or less only being involved ) ord 19 , r 6 provides that no solicitors ' charges or litigant in person costs may be awarded except the costs which were stated on the summons or which would have been stated on the summons if the claim had been for a liquidated sum , the costs of enforcing the award , and such further costs as the arbitrator may direct where there has been unreasonable conduct on the part of the opposite party in relation to the proceedings or the claim [there] .

The court may set aside proceedings , including any step taken in the proceedings and any judgment , order or document therein , on the grounds of non-compliance with the Rules .
the court may set aside proceedings , including any step taken in the proceedings and any judgment , order or document [there] , on the grounds of non-compliance with the rules .

Furthermore , if by the nature of the goods and/or the work , any defects therein or any failure thereof to conform as aforesaid does not or would not become apparent ( despite the carrying out of any examination and/or such tests ) until after use we may reject the same even after a reasonable period of use .
furthermore , if by the nature of the goods and/or the work , any defects [there] or any failure thereof to conform as aforesaid does not or would not become apparent ( despite the carrying out of any examination and/or such tests ) until after use we may reject the same even after a reasonable period of use .

In particular , without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing , all goods capable of use as , or in any way likely to be used in the preparing or packing of , food , toiletries , perfume , cosmetics , pharmaceutical products or any other goods for human consumption or for use upon the human body shall contain nothing rendering them unsuitable for their purpose and shall comply with all relevant requirements relating to their sale and composition and to the use of preservative or colouring matter therein .
in particular , without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing , all goods capable of use as , or in any way likely to be used in the preparing or packing of , food , toiletries , perfume , cosmetics , pharmaceutical products or any other goods for human consumption or for use upon the human body shall contain nothing rendering them unsuitable for their purpose and shall comply with all relevant requirements relating to their sale and composition and to the use of preservative or colouring matter [there] .

s12 Every partner is liable jointly with his co-partners and also severally for everything for which the firm while he is a partner therein becomes liable under either of the two last preceding sections .
s12 every partner is liable jointly with his co-partners and also severally for everything for which the firm while he is a partner [there] becomes liable under either of the two last preceding sections .

So the section provides : Where land or any heritable interest therein has become partnership property , it shall , unless the contrary intention appears , be treated as between the partners ( including the representatives of a deceased partner ) and also as between the heirs of a deceased partner and his executors or administrators , as personal or moveable and not real or heritable property .
so the section provides : where land or any heritable interest [there] has become partnership property , it shall , unless the contrary intention appears , be treated as between the partners ( including the representatives of a deceased partner ) and also as between the heirs of a deceased partner and his executors or administrators , as personal or moveable and not real or heritable property .

Example 2:11 Right to use passenger and goods lift The right in common with the landlord and all others having the like right during normal office hours to use : ( 1 ) the lift marked on the attached plan for the carriage of passengers only and their hand luggage ( 2 ) the lift marked on the attached plan for the carriage of goods provided that the lift shall not be loaded in excess of the permitted weight displayed therein
example 2:11 right to use passenger and goods lift the right in common with the landlord and all others having the like right during normal office hours to use : ( 1 ) the lift marked on the attached plan for the carriage of passengers only and their hand luggage ( 2 ) the lift marked on the attached plan for the carriage of goods provided that the lift shall not be loaded in excess of the permitted weight displayed [there]

Example 3:11 Option to renew ( 1 ) The tenant may by notice in writing served not less than six months before the date on which the term hereby granted is expressed to expire call upon the landlord for a further lease of the demised property ( `` the further lease `` ) provided that up to that date he has paid the rent and reasonably performed and observed his covenants ( 2 ) The further lease shall be for a term of ten years from the said date upon the same terms and conditions as this lease ( save as to rent and as to this option for renewal ) and at a rent to be agreed between the parties or in default of agreement to be determined by a single arbitrator to be appointed by the President for the time being of the Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors ( 3 ) In determining the rent payable under the further lease the arbitrator shall have the same powers as would be enjoyed by the court determining a rent for the demised property under section 34 of the Landlord and Tenant Act 1954 and shall disregard the same matters as are therein specified ( 4 ) This option shall be of no effect if the tenant fails to register it as an estate contract within three months from the date of this lease Example 3:12 Option to renew contracted out tenancy If : ( 1 ) the tenant wishes to take a further tenancy of the demised property for a term of five years from the expiry date of the term hereby created ; and ( 2 ) the tenant gives written notice of his desire to the landlord not more than six nor less than three months before the expiry of the term ; and ( 3 ) up to the date of the notice the tenant has paid the rent and substantially performed his covenants ; and ( 4 ) the tenant joins with the landlord in making an application to the court for an order authorising the exclusion of the provisions of ss24-28 of the Landlord and Tenant Act 1954 in relation to the further tenancy ; and ( 5 ) the court makes such an order then the landlord shall let the demised property to the tenant for a term of five years from the expiry of the term hereby created at a rent to be agreed between the parties or in default of agreement to be determined by arbitration and otherwise upon the terms of this lease ( except this option for renewal ) Example 3:13 Clause negativing perpetual renewal Nothing in this clause shall entitle the tenant to renew the tenancy for any term expiring more than twenty years after the beginning of the term of this lease
example 3:11 option to renew ( 1 ) the tenant may by notice in writing served not less than six months before the date on which the term hereby granted is expressed to expire call upon the landlord for a further lease of the demised property ( `` the further lease `` ) provided that up to that date he has paid the rent and reasonably performed and observed his covenants ( 2 ) the further lease shall be for a term of ten years from the said date upon the same terms and conditions as this lease ( save as to rent and as to this option for renewal ) and at a rent to be agreed between the parties or in default of agreement to be determined by a single arbitrator to be appointed by the president for the time being of the royal institution of chartered surveyors ( 3 ) in determining the rent payable under the further lease the arbitrator shall have the same powers as would be enjoyed by the court determining a rent for the demised property under section 34 of the landlord and tenant act 1954 and shall disregard the same matters as are [there] specified ( 4 ) this option shall be of no effect if the tenant fails to register it as an estate contract within three months from the date of this lease example 3:12 option to renew contracted out tenancy if : ( 1 ) the tenant wishes to take a further tenancy of the demised property for a term of five years from the expiry date of the term hereby created ; and ( 2 ) the tenant gives written notice of his desire to the landlord not more than six nor less than three months before the expiry of the term ; and ( 3 ) up to the date of the notice the tenant has paid the rent and substantially performed his covenants ; and ( 4 ) the tenant joins with the landlord in making an application to the court for an order authorising the exclusion of the provisions of ss24-28 of the landlord and tenant act 1954 in relation to the further tenancy ; and ( 5 ) the court makes such an order then the landlord shall let the demised property to the tenant for a term of five years from the expiry of the term hereby created at a rent to be agreed between the parties or in default of agreement to be determined by arbitration and otherwise upon the terms of this lease ( except this option for renewal ) example 3:13 clause negativing perpetual renewal nothing in this clause shall entitle the tenant to renew the tenancy for any term expiring more than twenty years after the beginning of the term of this lease

In addition , the investors will be keen to obtain warranties in respect of the business plan and future financial forecasts along the following lines : ( a ) The Business Plan has been carefully prepared in good faith having regard to the information available and the market conditions prevailing at the time of its preparation and the figures contained therein have been carefully considered and are honestly believed to be reasonable and the Managers have made all reasonable enquiries so as to ascertain all such information and conditions which are relevant to the preparation of the forecasts contained therein .
in addition , the investors will be keen to obtain warranties in respect of the business plan and future financial forecasts along the following lines : ( a ) the business plan has been carefully prepared in good faith having regard to the information available and the market conditions prevailing at the time of its preparation and the figures contained [there] have been carefully considered and are honestly believed to be reasonable and the managers have made all reasonable enquiries so as to ascertain all such information and conditions which are relevant to the preparation of the forecasts contained [there] .

It is also to proclaim a message about Jesus — and therein for a feminist lie all the problems .
it is also to proclaim a message about jesus — and [there] for a feminist lie all the problems .

Therein lies an anomaly .
[there] lies an anomaly .

Therein probably lies the potency of the Gaullist concept of state broadcasting .
[there] probably lies the potency of the gaullist concept of state broadcasting .

Is it bound by the rights and obligations contained therein ?
is it bound by the rights and obligations contained [there] ?

" for these ¾ of a year no past he had taught the scholars of the school to the content of the inhabitants , who have sent their approbation and who desire him to be established therein . "
" for these ¾ of a year no past he had taught the scholars of the school to the content of the inhabitants , who have sent their approbation and who desire him to be established [there] . "

An enormous amount of the talk and literature has centred upon gadgets and machinery , sometimes with a dismayingly naïve view of the learning process implicit therein .
an enormous amount of the talk and literature has centred upon gadgets and machinery , sometimes with a dismayingly naïve view of the learning process implicit [there] .

Just one of the regions , Northern Ireland , with eight constituency members and an assumed equal number of list members , would have fewer than the minimum total of 20 required to ensure fair representation therein for a party securing 5 % of the list votes .
just one of the regions , northern ireland , with eight constituency members and an assumed equal number of list members , would have fewer than the minimum total of 20 required to ensure fair representation [there] for a party securing 5 % of the list votes .

There may be a limited exemption for non-profit-making bodies and foundations , provided that the data is used only ‘ as part of their legitimate aims ’ and ‘ on condition that they relate only those members and corresponding members who have consented to being included therein and that they are not communicated to third parties ’ .
there may be a limited exemption for non-profit-making bodies and foundations , provided that the data is used only ‘ as part of their legitimate aims ’ and ‘ on condition that they relate only those members and corresponding members who have consented to being included [there] and that they are not communicated to third parties ’ .

This can be accomplished by collecting a corpus of texts for a chosen domain and producing a frequency distribution for the words therein .
this can be accomplished by collecting a corpus of texts for a chosen domain and producing a frequency distribution for the words [there] .

You are poisoning the very sources of order and happiness and virtue ; you are tearing up root and branch all relations of families to each other ; you are annulling , as it were , the institution of domestic life decreed by Providence Himself , the wisest and kindest of earthly ordinances , the mainstay of social peace and virtue and therein of national security .
you are poisoning the very sources of order and happiness and virtue ; you are tearing up root and branch all relations of families to each other ; you are annulling , as it were , the institution of domestic life decreed by providence himself , the wisest and kindest of earthly ordinances , the mainstay of social peace and virtue and [there] of national security .

It is unlikely , however , that a traveller will bring luggage to the inn , and since the traveller 's car and goods contained therein can not be the subject of a lien , cases where the lien is exercised over the property of a traveller are rare .
it is unlikely , however , that a traveller will bring luggage to the inn , and since the traveller 's car and goods contained [there] can not be the subject of a lien , cases where the lien is exercised over the property of a traveller are rare .

Moreover , notwithstanding the different degrees to which individual teachers appeared to have taken on board the implications for progressive pedagogies , we believe that a substantial improvement in teachers ' awareness of the potential of the library as a central resource , and of the development of information-handling skills entailed therein , was a real consequence of the project in this school .
moreover , notwithstanding the different degrees to which individual teachers appeared to have taken on board the implications for progressive pedagogies , we believe that a substantial improvement in teachers ' awareness of the potential of the library as a central resource , and of the development of information-handling skills entailed [there] , was a real consequence of the project in this school .

Various subtitles in the sketches for his Violin Concerto point to the embodiment of a ‘ soul ’ therein — ‘ The wandering of a soul ’ reads one .
various subtitles in the sketches for his violin concerto point to the embodiment of a ‘ soul ’ [there] — ‘ the wandering of a soul ’ reads one .

loss or damage to caravan equipment including fixtures , 3 fittings , awnings , utensils , furniture and furnishings therein caused by theft or attempted theft
loss or damage to caravan equipment including fixtures , 3 fittings , awnings , utensils , furniture and furnishings [there] caused by theft or attempted theft

The Corporation will indemnify the Policyholder against loss of or damage to any Caravan described in the Schedule its Equipment and Contents ( other than Personal Effects ) while therein or thereon or in the immediate vicinity thereof .
the corporation will indemnify the policyholder against loss of or damage to any caravan described in the schedule its equipment and contents ( other than personal effects ) while [there] or thereon or in the immediate vicinity thereof .

If to the knowledge of the Corporation the property is the subject of a Hire Purchase Agreement such payment shall be made to the Owner described therein whose receipt shall be a full and final discharge to the Corporation in respect of such loss or damage .
if to the knowledge of the corporation the property is the subject of a hire purchase agreement such payment shall be made to the owner described [there] whose receipt shall be a full and final discharge to the corporation in respect of such loss or damage .

If to the knowledge of the Corporation such motor car is the subject of a Hire Purchase Agreement such payment shall be made to the Owner described therein whose receipt shall be full and final discharge to the Corporation in respect of such loss or damage .
if to the knowledge of the corporation such motor car is the subject of a hire purchase agreement such payment shall be made to the owner described [there] whose receipt shall be full and final discharge to the corporation in respect of such loss or damage .

This is now complete , and is in printed form , all details therein are correct at print date .
this is now complete , and is in printed form , all details [there] are correct at print date .

( b ) the student has not been resident therein , during any part of that three-year period , wholly or mainly for the purpose of receiving full-time education .
( b ) the student has not been resident [there] , during any part of that three-year period , wholly or mainly for the purpose of receiving full-time education .

( ii ) he/she has not been resident therein , during any part of that three-year period , wholly or mainly for the purpose of receiving full-time education .
( ii ) he/she has not been resident [there] , during any part of that three-year period , wholly or mainly for the purpose of receiving full-time education .

( b ) the student has not been resident therein , during any part of that three-year period , wholly or mainly for the purpose of receiving full-time education .
( b ) the student has not been resident [there] , during any part of that three-year period , wholly or mainly for the purpose of receiving full-time education .

ii . he/she has not been resident therein , during any part of that three-year period , wholly or mainly for the purpose of receiving full-time education ;
ii . he/she has not been resident [there] , during any part of that three-year period , wholly or mainly for the purpose of receiving full-time education ;

Hilton 's Scale gains , perhaps , over some other later descriptions of the way in being very wide and very general so that the individual can find his own way therein without being embarrassed by a bundle of inapplicable particularities .
hilton 's scale gains , perhaps , over some other later descriptions of the way in being very wide and very general so that the individual can find his own way [there] without being embarrassed by a bundle of inapplicable particularities .

It is usual for engagement letters for sale mandates to include a phrase along the following lines : ‘ The responsibility for the Information Memorandum 's factual accuracy and opinions expressed therein will rest with yourselves . It will be counter productive and damaging to the process if the subsequent enquiries of a prospective purchaser invalidate the document ’
it is usual for engagement letters for sale mandates to include a phrase along the following lines : ‘ the responsibility for the information memorandum 's factual accuracy and opinions expressed [there] will rest with yourselves . it will be counter productive and damaging to the process if the subsequent enquiries of a prospective purchaser invalidate the document ’

In practical terms , the information contained in the tombstone should always be general rather than specific and should be cleared with the parties named therein in advance and we should aim to ensure that publication does not breach the heads of agreement , confidentiality terms , sale and purchase contract or other agreements .
in practical terms , the information contained in the tombstone should always be general rather than specific and should be cleared with the parties named [there] in advance and we should aim to ensure that publication does not breach the heads of agreement , confidentiality terms , sale and purchase contract or other agreements .

Attention is drawn to the limitations in the scope of our work set out therein .
attention is drawn to the limitations in the scope of our work set out [there] .

Responsibility for the memorandum 's factual accuracy and the opinions expressed therein will rest , therefore , with the vendors and we may ask for a formal representation from you .
responsibility for the memorandum 's factual accuracy and the opinions expressed [there] will rest , therefore , with the vendors and we may ask for a formal representation from you .

Each recipient doing business in or organised under the laws of the United States of America or in areas subject to its jurisdiction represents that it is an institutional investor , expressing an interest for its own account and agrees not to purchase , distribute or sell any of the Company 's securities or any interest therein except in compliance with the above laws . ]
each recipient doing business in or organised under the laws of the united states of america or in areas subject to its jurisdiction represents that it is an institutional investor , expressing an interest for its own account and agrees not to purchase , distribute or sell any of the company 's securities or any interest [there] except in compliance with the above laws . ]

In order to restrict the circulation of information memoranda , we require recipients of the memorandum to supply us with a letter confirming that they will treat the information contained therein as strictly private and confidential and will not disclose or otherwise make it available to third party .
in order to restrict the circulation of information memoranda , we require recipients of the memorandum to supply us with a letter confirming that they will treat the information contained [there] as strictly private and confidential and will not disclose or otherwise make it available to third party .

All statements of fact and information contained or referred to in the Disclosure Letter are true and complete and are not misleading in any respect , all statements of opinion therein have been made after due and careful enquiry and are reasonably believed to be correct and nothing has been omitted from the Disclosure Letter which renders any of such matters misleading .
all statements of fact and information contained or referred to in the disclosure letter are true and complete and are not misleading in any respect , all statements of opinion [there] have been made after due and careful enquiry and are reasonably believed to be correct and nothing has been omitted from the disclosure letter which renders any of such matters misleading .

The Council has welcomed the principles of the Bill , and has made representations on certain technical matters therein .
the council has welcomed the principles of the bill , and has made representations on certain technical matters [there] .

This article was written prior to publication of the Finance Act and is , therefore , subject to any amendments appearing therein .
this article was written prior to publication of the finance act and is , therefore , subject to any amendments appearing [there] .

And [ Molla Fenari `` s ] standing rose in [ the sultan `` s ] estimation and he occupied the highest place therein and consulted with the sultan in all affairs [ of state ] and became as the vezir … `` Husameddin is even more specific , writing that Molla Fenari was , on his return , given his old professorship and [ then ( ? )
and [ molla fenari `` s ] standing rose in [ the sultan `` s ] estimation and he occupied the highest place [there] and consulted with the sultan in all affairs [ of state ] and became as the vezir … `` husameddin is even more specific , writing that molla fenari was , on his return , given his old professorship and [ then ( ? )

‘ That the Directors be and are hereby authorised to establish and to permit the Company 's subsidiaries to establish such employee share schemes as they consider appropriate for the participation therein of employees of the Company or any of its subsidiaries who are resident or working overseas , and from time to time to make to permit the making of such alterations thereto as they consider necessary or appropriate provided always that the terms of such schemes shall , as far as is appropriate having regard to local circumstances and local taxation consideration , be similar to those of the Dawson International Savings Related Share Option Scheme and that the overall limits on the number of Ordinary Shares in the Company which may be subscribed for under all the Company 's employee share schemes shall not be increased thereby and that Ordinary Shares which may be subscribed for under such overseas schemes shall count towards such limits . ’
‘ that the directors be and are hereby authorised to establish and to permit the company 's subsidiaries to establish such employee share schemes as they consider appropriate for the participation [there] of employees of the company or any of its subsidiaries who are resident or working overseas , and from time to time to make to permit the making of such alterations thereto as they consider necessary or appropriate provided always that the terms of such schemes shall , as far as is appropriate having regard to local circumstances and local taxation consideration , be similar to those of the dawson international savings related share option scheme and that the overall limits on the number of ordinary shares in the company which may be subscribed for under all the company 's employee share schemes shall not be increased thereby and that ordinary shares which may be subscribed for under such overseas schemes shall count towards such limits . ’

Therein lay her difficulty .
[there] lay her difficulty .

And therein lay the extent of his gratitude , she realised with a feeling of despondency , but to disguise her feelings she added brightly , ‘ When we 're at the hospital we must visit Stella . ’
and [there] lay the extent of his gratitude , she realised with a feeling of despondency , but to disguise her feelings she added brightly , ‘ when we 're at the hospital we must visit stella . ’

Metropolitan Police Motion made , and Question proposed , That the Commissioner of the Police of the Metropolis do take care that during the Session of Parliament the passages through the streets leading to this House be kept free and open and that no obstruction be permitted to hinder the passage of Members to and from this House , and that no disorder be allowed in Westminster Hall , or in the passages leading to this House , during the Sitting of Parliament , and that there be no annoyance therein or thereabouts ; and that the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do communicate this Order to the Commissioner aforesaid .
metropolitan police motion made , and question proposed , that the commissioner of the police of the metropolis do take care that during the session of parliament the passages through the streets leading to this house be kept free and open and that no obstruction be permitted to hinder the passage of members to and from this house , and that no disorder be allowed in westminster hall , or in the passages leading to this house , during the sitting of parliament , and that there be no annoyance [there] or thereabouts ; and that the serjeant at arms attending this house do communicate this order to the commissioner aforesaid .

The reference to a single currency in the opening articles of the draft treaty is explicitly qualified by the reference to the procedures set out therein , and those procedures include the right to opt for exemption status .
the reference to a single currency in the opening articles of the draft treaty is explicitly qualified by the reference to the procedures set out [there] , and those procedures include the right to opt for exemption status .

Asset specificity refers to the extent to which the resources used in a transaction have a value therein that is higher than in any other use or to any other user .
asset specificity refers to the extent to which the resources used in a transaction have a value [there] that is higher than in any other use or to any other user .

But therein lies the rub , or vice versa .
but [there] lies the rub , or vice versa .

The church 's ideology not only gave powerful support to kingship : it sustained the very idea of the state as a permanent complex of institutions , because therein lay the best prospect of defending ecclesiastical interests .
the church 's ideology not only gave powerful support to kingship : it sustained the very idea of the state as a permanent complex of institutions , because [there] lay the best prospect of defending ecclesiastical interests .

If finalized , the agreement would be the last of four deals designed to end decades of wrangling over the issue of rights to the land above the 60th parallel and to the oil and gas contained therein .
if finalized , the agreement would be the last of four deals designed to end decades of wrangling over the issue of rights to the land above the 60th parallel and to the oil and gas contained [there] .

However , therein lay both history 's strength and its weakness .
however , [there] lay both history 's strength and its weakness .

52. ( 1 ) All conveyances of land or of any interest therein are void for the purpose of conveying or creating a legal estate unless made by deed .
52. ( 1 ) all conveyances of land or of any interest [there] are void for the purpose of conveying or creating a legal estate unless made by deed .

141 ( 1 ) Rent reserved by a lease , and the benefit of every covenant or provision therein contained , having reference to the subject-matter thereof , and on the lessee 's part to be observed or performed , and every condition of re-entry and other condition therein contained , shall be annexed and incident to and shall go with the reversionary estate in the land , or in any part thereof , immediately expectant on the term granted by the lease , notwithstanding severance of that reversionary estate , and without prejudice to any liability affecting a covenantor or his estate .
141 ( 1 ) rent reserved by a lease , and the benefit of every covenant or provision [there] contained , having reference to the subject-matter thereof , and on the lessee 's part to be observed or performed , and every condition of re-entry and other condition [there] contained , shall be annexed and incident to and shall go with the reversionary estate in the land , or in any part thereof , immediately expectant on the term granted by the lease , notwithstanding severance of that reversionary estate , and without prejudice to any liability affecting a covenantor or his estate .

( b ) having entered any building or part of a building as a trespasser he steals or attempts to steal anything in the building or that part of it or inflicts or attempts to inflict on any person therein any grievous bodily harm .
( b ) having entered any building or part of a building as a trespasser he steals or attempts to steal anything in the building or that part of it or inflicts or attempts to inflict on any person [there] any grievous bodily harm .

( 2 ) The offences referred to in sub-section ( 1 ) above are offences of stealing anything in the building or part of a building in question , of inflicting on any person therein any grievous bodily harm or raping any woman therein , and of doing unlawful damage to the building or anything therein .
( 2 ) the offences referred to in sub-section ( 1 ) above are offences of stealing anything in the building or part of a building in question , of inflicting on any person [there] any grievous bodily harm or raping any woman [there] , and of doing unlawful damage to the building or anything [there] .

The problem is this : if the accused 's intention is to rape and he is in the same position as in Brown with the top half of his body in the building , is his entry therein effective for the purposes of the rape form of burglary ?
the problem is this : if the accused 's intention is to rape and he is in the same position as in brown with the top half of his body in the building , is his entry [there] effective for the purposes of the rape form of burglary ?

( 2 ) None of the sub-clauses of this Clause and none of the objects therein specified shall be deemed subsidiary or ancillary to any of the objects specified in any other such sub-clause , and the Company shall have as full a power to exercise each and every one of the objects specified in each sub-clause of this Clause as though each sub-clause contained the objects of a separate Company .
( 2 ) none of the sub-clauses of this clause and none of the objects [there] specified shall be deemed subsidiary or ancillary to any of the objects specified in any other such sub-clause , and the company shall have as full a power to exercise each and every one of the objects specified in each sub-clause of this clause as though each sub-clause contained the objects of a separate company .

( 2 ) None of the sub-clauses of this Clause and none of the objects therein specified shall be deemed subsidiary or ancillary to any of the objects specified in any other such sub-clause , and the Company shall have as full a power to exercise each and every one of the objects specified in each sub-clause of this Clause as though each sub-clause contained the objects of a separate Company .
( 2 ) none of the sub-clauses of this clause and none of the objects [there] specified shall be deemed subsidiary or ancillary to any of the objects specified in any other such sub-clause , and the company shall have as full a power to exercise each and every one of the objects specified in each sub-clause of this clause as though each sub-clause contained the objects of a separate company .

This moral incongruency can draw attention to , and throw light upon , the very process of moralizing and the role of literature therein ; which indeed are themselves well evidenced and clearly focused aspects of twelfth- to fourteenth- century intellectual speculation .
this moral incongruency can draw attention to , and throw light upon , the very process of moralizing and the role of literature [there] ; which indeed are themselves well evidenced and clearly focused aspects of twelfth- to fourteenth- century intellectual speculation .

The market model gives a considerable simplification in the analysis of portfolios — whatever the number of securities contained therein .
the market model gives a considerable simplification in the analysis of portfolios — whatever the number of securities contained [there] .

So far we have only considered diversification within a national market where the stock market and the shares listed therein are going to be affected by the same macro- and microeconomic forces and developments .
so far we have only considered diversification within a national market where the stock market and the shares listed [there] are going to be affected by the same macro- and microeconomic forces and developments .

Royal licences to quarry stones , or to cut down and sell timber in the woods of subjects , or to bring such woods into cultivation , or to pasture cattle therein , were frequently preceded by such an inquiry held by the Justice of the Forest or his deputy .
royal licences to quarry stones , or to cut down and sell timber in the woods of subjects , or to bring such woods into cultivation , or to pasture cattle [there] , were frequently preceded by such an inquiry held by the justice of the forest or his deputy .

The deer remaining at large were removed , and on completion of the work of the Commissioners the forests were declared to be disafforested , and no one henceforth liable to pay any penalty for hunting therein , except in enclosed parks .
the deer remaining at large were removed , and on completion of the work of the commissioners the forests were declared to be disafforested , and no one henceforth liable to pay any penalty for hunting [there] , except in enclosed parks .

Therein lies the popularity of tiled and wood block floors , the patterns of architectural fabrics and fenestrations .
[there] lies the popularity of tiled and wood block floors , the patterns of architectural fabrics and fenestrations .

In fact , therein lies the key to their achievements , for a work of art is the solution to a problem .
in fact , [there] lies the key to their achievements , for a work of art is the solution to a problem .

’ This is presumably because it allows you to explore the knowledge contained therein .
’ this is presumably because it allows you to explore the knowledge contained [there] .

The Trade Finance Division of the banks in Belfast not only have their own specialised staff but through their networks of foreign bank relationships have access to the major banks throughout the world and the local knowledge , expertise and specialist skills available therein .
the trade finance division of the banks in belfast not only have their own specialised staff but through their networks of foreign bank relationships have access to the major banks throughout the world and the local knowledge , expertise and specialist skills available [there] .

It is not issued on behalf of , and does not commit , the airline ( s ) mentioned therein , or any airline whose services are used in the course of the tour ( s ) .
it is not issued on behalf of , and does not commit , the airline ( s ) mentioned [there] , or any airline whose services are used in the course of the tour ( s ) .

By contrast , God willed that ‘ the hearts of Men should seek beyond the world and should find no rest therein ’ .
by contrast , god willed that ‘ the hearts of men should seek beyond the world and should find no rest [there] ’ .

Therein lie the roots of the difficulties faced by the unflappable reigning chairman , Alan Greenspan .
[there] lie the roots of the difficulties faced by the unflappable reigning chairman , alan greenspan .

The buildings and the scripture-readings he loved , especially its evocative music ; but he was never conscious of ‘ surrendering my heart to worship , ’ only conscious that therein was ‘ the tree of life , for all who follow the path .
the buildings and the scripture-readings he loved , especially its evocative music ; but he was never conscious of ‘ surrendering my heart to worship , ’ only conscious that [there] was ‘ the tree of life , for all who follow the path .

It would , perforce , have been a ‘ devoted ’ service therein rendered ; and adequately ‘ nourished ’ .
it would , perforce , have been a ‘ devoted ’ service [there] rendered ; and adequately ‘ nourished ’ .

Therein lies a miracle of distribution .
[there] lies a miracle of distribution .

We can not in justice omit to mention the establishing of the Publick Botanick Garden at Chelsea by the Worshipful Company of the Apothecaries of London , not only for the instruction of such as should be employed in the compounding of medicines , in the particular simples therein used ( which alone is a very laudable design ) but also for introducing still a greater variety of trees and plants , which although their virtues or uses are not at present known , yet may hereinafter be found of excellent use for many purposes in life .
we can not in justice omit to mention the establishing of the publick botanick garden at chelsea by the worshipful company of the apothecaries of london , not only for the instruction of such as should be employed in the compounding of medicines , in the particular simples [there] used ( which alone is a very laudable design ) but also for introducing still a greater variety of trees and plants , which although their virtues or uses are not at present known , yet may hereinafter be found of excellent use for many purposes in life .

The ‘ photograph ’ of the burial mound in his mind 's eye , still so sharp and detailed , had convinced him that therein lay something of importance .
the ‘ photograph ’ of the burial mound in his mind 's eye , still so sharp and detailed , had convinced him that [there] lay something of importance .

In my view , however , therein lies its strength ; it is a programme that can be relied on to give an unvarnished account of the proceedings of the House and its committees ; it has been called a mini-Hansard .
in my view , however , [there] lies its strength ; it is a programme that can be relied on to give an unvarnished account of the proceedings of the house and its committees ; it has been called a mini-hansard .

Thomas Fuller , writing in 1655 , had the answer : ‘ Grant them drained , and so continuing ; as now the great fishes therein prey on the less , so the wealthy men would devour the poorer sort of people … and rich men , to make room for themselves , would jostle the poor people out of their commons .
thomas fuller , writing in 1655 , had the answer : ‘ grant them drained , and so continuing ; as now the great fishes [there] prey on the less , so the wealthy men would devour the poorer sort of people … and rich men , to make room for themselves , would jostle the poor people out of their commons .

And they found one tent which had been King Yucef 's ; never man saw so noble a thing as that tent was ; and there were great riches therein , and there also did they find Alvar Salvadores , who had been made prisoner the yesterday , as ye have heard .
and they found one tent which had been king yucef 's ; never man saw so noble a thing as that tent was ; and there were great riches [there] , and there also did they find alvar salvadores , who had been made prisoner the yesterday , as ye have heard .

Although this book is about marriage , this chapter needs to take the reader back into history because therein lie our roots and forgotten history has a tendency to be relived .
although this book is about marriage , this chapter needs to take the reader back into history because [there] lie our roots and forgotten history has a tendency to be relived .

None of these larger predators are significant accumulators of small mammal bone , but many species of small mammalian predator have been shown to accumulate small mammal remains in their scats ( Andrews & Evans , 1983 , and references therein ) .
none of these larger predators are significant accumulators of small mammal bone , but many species of small mammalian predator have been shown to accumulate small mammal remains in their scats ( andrews & evans , 1983 , and references [there] ) .

But All That Dwell Therein is not about compassion , or about cruelty .
but all that dwell [there] is not about compassion , or about cruelty .

Finally , All that Dwell Therein shows that the debate is important , not just for the effect it might ultimately have on our treatment of animals , but for what it might reveal about ourselves .
finally , all that dwell [there] shows that the debate is important , not just for the effect it might ultimately have on our treatment of animals , but for what it might reveal about ourselves .

It may be argued that therein lies evolutionary justification for the belief that some modified form of such living can suit humans .
it may be argued that [there] lies evolutionary justification for the belief that some modified form of such living can suit humans .

The Introduction to the Finale is given with a beguiling simplicity , and therein lies the key to this performance ; Rozhdestvensky has clearly taken the generic title ‘ Serenade ’ at its face value .
the introduction to the finale is given with a beguiling simplicity , and [there] lies the key to this performance ; rozhdestvensky has clearly taken the generic title ‘ serenade ’ at its face value .

An omnibus awaited us , and we got ourselves and our luggage stowed therein or thereon ; but a place in the hotel omnibus does not guarantee that you will find a corner in the house .
an omnibus awaited us , and we got ourselves and our luggage stowed [there] or thereon ; but a place in the hotel omnibus does not guarantee that you will find a corner in the house .

Meditation on the spiritual life brings forth the peak experience in which the whole organism approaches release — therein are found the supreme joys of the spirit .
meditation on the spiritual life brings forth the peak experience in which the whole organism approaches release — [there] are found the supreme joys of the spirit .

Therein lies a message for the politics of governmental intervention .
[there] lies a message for the politics of governmental intervention .

Thus , according to NHTSA , section 330 deprived the agency of the discretion it otherwise would have under section 32902 to determine the applicable standard under the criteria set forth therein .
thus , according to nhtsa , section 330 deprived the agency of the discretion it otherwise would have under section 32902 to determine the applicable standard under the criteria set forth [there] .

The term `` financial statement '' refers to a presentation of financial data , including accompanying notes , derived from accounting records and intended to communicate an entity 's economic resources or obligations at a point in time or the changes therein for a period of time in conformity with an identifiable framework , such as generally accepted accounting principles ( GAAP ) or an other comprehensive basis of accounting ( OCBOA ) .
the term `` financial statement '' refers to a presentation of financial data , including accompanying notes , derived from accounting records and intended to communicate an entity 's economic resources or obligations at a point in time or the changes [there] for a period of time in conformity with an identifiable framework , such as generally accepted accounting principles ( gaap ) or an other comprehensive basis of accounting ( ocboa ) .

Doing so for all rules , they said , could overwhelm the agencies ' systems ; may be unnecessary for some relatively uncontroversial rules ; and may be a less effective use of the agency 's resources than more traditional methods ( e.g. , placing notices in trade publications or setting up a call center ) .9 They also said that , once established , agencies would have to be concerned about ongoing maintenance of some of these standardized systems to make sure that the information therein is timely , accurate , and complete .
doing so for all rules , they said , could overwhelm the agencies ' systems ; may be unnecessary for some relatively uncontroversial rules ; and may be a less effective use of the agency 's resources than more traditional methods ( e.g. , placing notices in trade publications or setting up a call center ) .9 they also said that , once established , agencies would have to be concerned about ongoing maintenance of some of these standardized systems to make sure that the information [there] is timely , accurate , and complete .

The rule and the procedures therein are applicable to the FCC 's spectrum auction program .
the rule and the procedures [there] are applicable to the fcc 's spectrum auction program .

Therein lies the paradox : if we are all the same , why do we continue to search for the ways in which we differ from one another ?
[there] lies the paradox : if we are all the same , why do we continue to search for the ways in which we differ from one another ?

These risk factors are systematically finding their way to low- and middle-income countries and the vulnerable populations therein that still suffer from childhood illness and high communicable disease burdens .
these risk factors are systematically finding their way to low- and middle-income countries and the vulnerable populations [there] that still suffer from childhood illness and high communicable disease burdens .

Therein lies a question .
[there] lies a question .

Historical mechanisms are those that suggest that earth history ( e.g. , the opening of the Drake Passage and the cooling of Antarctica ) and phylogenetic history have played major roles in generating current patterns in diversity , and tend to emphasise regional ( and especially longitudinal ) differences therein ( Qian and Ricklefs 2004 ; Ricklefs 2004 ) .
historical mechanisms are those that suggest that earth history ( e.g. , the opening of the drake passage and the cooling of antarctica ) and phylogenetic history have played major roles in generating current patterns in diversity , and tend to emphasise regional ( and especially longitudinal ) differences [there] ( qian and ricklefs 2004 ; ricklefs 2004 ) .

All Sizes Do Not Fit One The hypotheses that can be tested and the conclusions that can be drawn are still largely about group averages , not about the functionings of individual brains , and therein lies a second major caveat about the use of fMRI beyond the clinic .
all sizes do not fit one the hypotheses that can be tested and the conclusions that can be drawn are still largely about group averages , not about the functionings of individual brains , and [there] lies a second major caveat about the use of fmri beyond the clinic .

APOBEC1 , for example , is involved in the C→U editing of apolipoprotein B mRNA ( therein christening the family ) , while another family member , the activation-induced deaminase , has a vital role in adaptive immunity in that it assists in the diversification of antibodies .
apobec1 , for example , is involved in the c→u editing of apolipoprotein b mrna ( [there] christening the family ) , while another family member , the activation-induced deaminase , has a vital role in adaptive immunity in that it assists in the diversification of antibodies .

Therein lies the other problem with passwords : People forget them .
[there] lies the other problem with passwords : people forget them .

When Chatterbox actually got to the Metabolife Web site , he was confronted with an unbelievably complex `` user agreement '' requiring Chatterbox to promise in advance to eschew any `` reproduction , broadcast , retransmissions , or nontransient storage '' of the matter contained therein .
when chatterbox actually got to the metabolife web site , he was confronted with an unbelievably complex `` user agreement '' requiring chatterbox to promise in advance to eschew any `` reproduction , broadcast , retransmissions , or nontransient storage '' of the matter contained [there] .

Therein lies a critical distinction .
[there] lies a critical distinction .

He argued that this probably would not be enough , and therein lay the dilemma .
he argued that this probably would not be enough , and [there] lay the dilemma .

Therein lies her dilemma .
[there] lies her dilemma .

Therein lies one of the hidden crises behind the manifest one : While one hundred senators are locked in a room discussing Monica and Betty , the executive branch is unilaterally making foreign policy .
[there] lies one of the hidden crises behind the manifest one : while one hundred senators are locked in a room discussing monica and betty , the executive branch is unilaterally making foreign policy .

Therein lies a problem for Ms. Dowd : she 's written at length about all of these matters , a length she could have used to write about `` news , '' but did n't .
[there] lies a problem for ms. dowd : she 's written at length about all of these matters , a length she could have used to write about `` news , '' but did n't .

The last example ( Eric Partridge tells us ) is a nickname for a chamberpot originating in India c. 1870 , and is derived from the noise therein caused ] .
the last example ( eric partridge tells us ) is a nickname for a chamberpot originating in india c. 1870 , and is derived from the noise [there] caused ] .

I thoroughly enjoy VERBATIM and have always tended to regard articles published therein as reasonably authoritative ; but I shall take the liberty in the future to doubt the experts .
i thoroughly enjoy verbatim and have always tended to regard articles published [there] as reasonably authoritative ; but i shall take the liberty in the future to doubt the experts .

Chambers 's head office is in Edinburgh , the printers are in the same city ; that might account for the hundreds of Scottish words therein : some are easily recognized , some are more obscure .
chambers 's head office is in edinburgh , the printers are in the same city ; that might account for the hundreds of scottish words [there] : some are easily recognized , some are more obscure .

Few individuals , I hazard , would be likely , upon seeing the Hindi terms bilayati , bajara , bajra , kaawch , pani , and rasaut , to cite only a few , to discern therein the English blighty Anglo-Indian slang for ` England as home , ' brinjarry ` traveling grain and salt dealer , ' budgerow ` large , keelless barge , ' cowage ` tropical vine , ' pawnee ` water ' and rusot ` plant extract . '
few individuals , i hazard , would be likely , upon seeing the hindi terms bilayati , bajara , bajra , kaawch , pani , and rasaut , to cite only a few , to discern [there] the english blighty anglo-indian slang for ` england as home , ' brinjarry ` traveling grain and salt dealer , ' budgerow ` large , keelless barge , ' cowage ` tropical vine , ' pawnee ` water ' and rusot ` plant extract . '

He attacks the complex question of “ truth ” vs. “ authenticity ” in Boswell 's portrait of Johnson , and therein lies the art of biography .
he attacks the complex question of “ truth ” vs. “ authenticity ” in boswell 's portrait of johnson , and [there] lies the art of biography .

All the arguments put forward assume an ideal fit in the original pile and one temperature change , with detailed calculations based thereon : therein , I suggest , lies the rub .
all the arguments put forward assume an ideal fit in the original pile and one temperature change , with detailed calculations based thereon : [there] , i suggest , lies the rub .

